I live at Poplar; I am a servant out of place, with a bad hand; I am a widow and I had been to see my children; I was robbed on the 14th day of September, just before eight at night in Stepney-fields ; I was going to White-Chapel; just going through the stile there is a sort of Rope-maker's walk, and about ten yards after that, three men came up to me, and one of them commanded my pocket, and struck me on my left breast, and on myarm with his fist; I told him my pocket was of no service to him; I had but a farthing, a key, a letter, and a snuff box in it: another came up, that was James West , he tore off my cardinal and gave it to the prisoner; they put a case knife through my hat, I said dear gentlemen pardon my life; they stripped me, and they gave me a clout and then they left me; they put the knife through my hat into my mouth, it was a case knife, it is here.
Who did that?
As nigh as the posity of my conscience I believe it was the prisoner.
Did they hurt your mouth?
Just in my mouth, I held my lips together; my pocket was cut the first, my cloak was next, and then my gown; and they cut off my apron from the very strings; they took nothing else off: I cried murder in a dreadful manner.
What sort of a night was it?
It was between dark and light.
Was it light enough to distinguish their persons?
Yes.
Was it moonlight?
No, it was not.
Were the people strangers to you at that time?
Yes.
The men were taken, were they?
Yes.
How soon after you was robbed?
In about half an hour after, I heard of it almost immediately; I went to Justice Sherwood; I made up to the Green Dragon and cried for assistance, I stopped there, and the gentleman that met them with my property took it from them, and told me had taken the man that had robbed me; there were two men in custody at the Justice's, the last was off; the two men were Thompson and West; I know West in particular, because he was pitted with the small-pok, and I hanged round his neck, and begged he would not kill me.
That do you say as to the prisoner Thompson?
He really was the man that received my cordinal when the other stripped it of and I believe he was the man that had the knife.
Was is light enough for you to distinguish the dress of the man at the time he was robbing you?
Yes.
The woman never swore the least thing in life to me; only to James West before the Justice.
When you was before the Justice, was you asked any thing about Thompson?
I said that he was the gentleman that did receive my cloak.
Mr. Sherwood asked her if West was the man, she said yes, she could swear to that man by the roughness of his face; he asked her if she knew me, she said no; I was committed directly; I was turned out last sessions by proclamation.
Where is West?
He is not in custody.
Why, he was taken up?
Yes.
What is become of him?
I do not know how they got off on the Wednesday following.
They were both committed here last sessions, my Lord, and discharged for want of prosecution.
I have followed my lawful business.
How happened it you did not prosecute last sessions?
I had a wrong account, I was ordered to come on the 13th.
My Lord she was bound over to prosecute this last sessions, and the Justice said he believed the grand jury was discharged.
On Saturday evening about eight o'clock, going between the Ship in Sun Tavern fields and Brick-street, there is a vacant space, I heard in Stepney Fields, a melancholy cry of murder, murder, oh do not kill me! I stopped a few moments to consider what to do; I looked for some person to go with me; I ran down the lane by myself, but considering it would be dangerous to go alone, I turned back and ran into the Ship for assistance; I said, I believe there is a gentlewoman murdering in the fields, there was nobody in the tap-room, I heard voices in another room, there were three men there that were smoaking their pipes, they laid them down directly, and went with me: here I must observe, that when we came out of the door the cry of murder was over, and the three men heard nothing of it; when we got half way down the lane, one said, let us go back, it will all come to nothing; I said, I will go first, and I ran before them: in this situation, near the bottom of the lane, I met West and the prisoner Thompson.
How far was the place where you heard the cry of murder, to the Sun Tavern?
Three or four hundred yards. Thompson and West attempted to shun me, by going close to the bank, I immediately suspected them and collared Thompson with my right hand, and with my left I pushed West against the bank; in this situation the people behind came up, I asked Thompson what they were, Thompson trembled, and made no answer; West said, damn you Sir, what is that to you, we are going about our business: when the people behind came up, I observed a bundle under West's right arm, I put my hand to it and some of the rest did the same; it was a woman's gown; a man that stood behind me and Thompson at this instant, said Sir, I have picked up a cloak that Thompson has dropped from under his arm.
Did Thompson hear that man say that the cloak had dropped from him?
He made no answer to it that I can recollect; he went very quietly, the other tried to escape, but was prevented; after they were properly secured, I went with three or four men to search for the woman; we called out, no person made any answer, and we found her at the Green Dragon; we brought her to Justice Sherwood's, and took her over to the public house where the two prisoners were; immediately, as soon as she saw them, she said these are the men; she pointed to West, this is the man that was going to kill me, and this poor fellow saved my life, pointing to Thompson.
What condition was the woman in?
She was much flurried, she was in her petticoats and shift.
Had she the appearance of a person who had been robbed?
Yes, Sir, robbed and ill used.
You, Mr. Lundin, acted a very spirited and a very honourable part; and the public are very much indebted to you, very much, indeed!
I was at one Mr. Clayton's, at supper, and heard the cry of murder; I ran down Vinegar-lane to the bottom; I said, where are the thieves? somebody said, here is one, that was West; I took him to the ship till he was properly secured; I saw a white handkerchief taken out of his hand by a young man.
Did you see any thing under his coat?
No, my Lord.
On the 14th of last month I was at the Turpentine warehouse, I heard the alarm of murder, and ran down the lane; I saw West with this gown under his arm, and the white handkerchief I took out of his hand; the other people had stopped him; I immediately collared him; coming into the ship he said, Damn my eyes I will mark you; I up with my fist, and I hit him; at the same time Thompson being in company with West was brought into the Ship.
About nine o'clock a man ran over to the house where I was drinking, and said you must come immediately, two men have murdered a woman; I went to the Ship, and there I saw two men standing with twenty people; I asked them who was the prisoners, they shewed me the two men, I immediately went to handcuff West and this man together; West behaved very bad, Thompson behaved very well.
Had you the things put in your care?
Yes, my Lord, this handkerchief and this gown, this cloak, and this apron, and this knife.
Do you know how the apron came there?
I took notice of nothing when they were apprehended but the gown and cloak.
A little boy brought in the apron and the knife, and said he found them in the fields just where the robbery was done.
The person that took up the cloak is not here?
No, Sir, nor none of the three men that helped me to stop them.
I am very innocent; I was coming from my daily labour, I went home to my wife, she was gone out, I went to the Britannia, near Limehouse church, there I had a pint of beer; I met West coming over the fields, says I Jem, what have you got here? he said, they are some things that I picked up: I said, I wish I could get out of your way, and this gentleman came up and took me.
