On Sunday the 19th of December, about half after eight in the evening, we heard an uncommon noise.
Do you live with Mrs. Crucius?
Yes. We presently found this noise was made by a maid servant coming up stairs. She came into the drawing-room where we were sitting; we could scarce understand any thing she said, but at last understood there were rogues in and about the house, and a man murdered in the yard. As soon as we could recollect ourselves, we opened one of the drawing-room windows and called for the watch; I got a watchman's rattle and rattled it out of the window; some of the neighbours came to our assistance; we proceeded then to search the house, but could not find any person in it. We missed a box which was usually kept in Mrs. Crucius's bed-room, this caused fresh alarm; somebody asked if we had any way out backwards; I said yes. In a short time after the box was found at the upper end of the garden. I immediately ran out and met some persons (I am not sure whether there was one or more persons) bringing it in; I followed them close back again to the house; I stopped at the bottom of the stairs to examine the box; I found the bottom was broke out; some parcels had been opened, most of them wet and tumbled about. I immediately missed a remarkable purse, in which there were some parcels of money kept.
Who put them in it?
I did.
What was the\\ amountof the money?
Either 120 l. or 140 l. I cannot say which possitively, but on enquiry after the purse was found, we heard such a thing had been seen tossed about at the top of the garden. I examined the box again when I went up stairs, and missed a remarkable remnant of muslin and two snuff-boxes.
That is all you know about it?
That I at present recollect.
I was sent that night to the apothecary's at Ludgate-hill. My mistress said she suspected a person she thought guilty of the fact.
Did Mrs. Crucius mention any person she suspected to be guilty of this?
The person she said she suspected was the prisoner.
I was not in town at the time of the robbery; I was present at the examination of the prisoner before Sir John Fielding, and at the recovery of the money, and when he confessed the robbery.
What passed at Sir John Fielding 's?
We were before Sir John Fielding on the Tuesday afternoon; the prisoner was then questioned as to the fact; his account of it was that he had been out into the yard on the Sunday evening to a pantry, that returning from that pantry he saw a man coming from the back door of the house. He had lived with Mrs. Crucius as her servant about three months. That is the same account he had given to the family. He said likewise that he had a loaf under one arm, and a candle and lantern under the other; that he threw them down and went to seise the man, upon which the man knocked him down with a horse pistol, and when he was down, I think he said he struck him a second time, upon which he called out murder, thieves! And here I ought to add another circumstance that he called out murder, thieves! fasten your doors!
To Laplant. Did you hear him cry out so?
No.
That he was stunned, and the man got over the garden wall. Justice Adington asked him then what was lost, and whether he himself had lost any thing; he made answer that he had lost a suit of clothes of his own, and I think two shirts and a great coat. This was the whole of his account. Upon that the prisoner was ordered to be searched; they searched his pockets and found nothing. I should first of all have mentioned whereabouts these things were stolen from: the box which was missing was taken from under a bed in the one-pair-of-stairs back room, his clothes were taken from the garret; his great coat was taken from some of the rooms below stairs. I state this from the account I had from others; I was not in the house nor in town at the time. In the room from whence the box was taken, there were two chests of drawers, neither of those were opened at all. These circumstances I mention because they led me to think of going to Sir John Fielding ; as they seemed to throw a suspicion on the prisoner, I thought it was right he should go and clear himself if he could. After his examination at Sir John Fielding 's he was searched, and they found in the most secret place, the muslin concealed that was taken out of the box, within his dress. One of the ladies mentioned the length of it, I think two yards and a quarter; it proved to be exactly that length. Upon this being discovered, Sir John Fielding ordered him to be taken into another room to be searched more narrowly, as it was hardly decent he should be searched farther in the presence of the ladies. They took him to another room; he desired to be brought back again to Sir John Fielding and said he would confess; he was brought back and confessed.
Was there any promise made to him to induce him to confess?
I believe none at all; I was not in the other room; they returned presently and said he would confess; he came in and made a confession seemingly quite voluntarily. He said that he was perfectly alone, that nobody was with him; upon this Sir John asked him, where was the money, and where were the things; to which he replied, in the cabin, in his mistress's garden. That is a place where they usually clean knives. Sir John ordered him to be carried back that he might fetch them; upon Sir John's ordering him to be carried back by the constables, I proposed going with him left it should over-set Mrs. Crucius, who had been in a dying state; we went with him quite through the house to this place in the garden; the two constables went in; I stood at the door; I saw him stoop down, lift up a board of the floor, and there was a little hole, in which there was a little parcel wrapped up in a handkerchief; he handed this parcel to the constable; we went together into the kitchen, and opened the handkerchief; we found in it two snuff-boxes mounted with gold, and seven parcels of money; I think some of the parcels were in the snuff-boxes, but I will not be positive, I think there were two in one and three in the other; the others were separate. As we were going along, he told us there were three shillings missing out of the whole sum which he had taken out. We opened the parcels, three of the parcels contained nineteen guineas each and no shillings; three other parcels contained nineteen guineas and a shilling each; one parcel contained twenty shillings only. There was in the whole 120 l. 17 s. The other servants were in the kitchen. I said to the prisoner, where are the clothes you said were stolen? to which he replied, O that was nothing. I do not exactly recollect the words, I understood it, that that was only a pretence. We then went to Sir John Fielding 's and carried the money; Sir John ordered the money to be sealed up under the constable's seal; the snuff-boxes were left in the custody of the constable. On Wednesday morning (the next day) we went again to Sir John Fielding 's, and then the money was consigned to my care; the constable, I believe, has the snuff-boxes and muslin. The next day, as the key of the prisoner's box had been taken out of his pocket and delivered to Mr. Bond, as belonging to the family, I asked Sir John what was necessary to be done with his box; he had sent for some things out of it; I thought it was not proper to open it without directions, and I went with Prothero to search his box; the clothes, he pretended had been stolen, were found in the box, and some candles; and the great coat which he said was lost was found under his bed.
Whether my mistress did not tell me that night, that if I could discover the persons who had been guilty of the offence, and they would restore the money, she would give them twenty pounds, and would not prosecute them?
My aunt said to the prisoner, if he knew any person who was guilty of the offence, and would restore the money, she would give them twenty pounds; he said he knew no such person; she said then she would give forty pounds, and would not be at the trouble to prosecute them; he said he did not know any such person.
I was at Sir John Fielding 's; I searched the prisoner, and found upon him a piece of muslin.
I am an officer belonging to Sir John Fielding . After McMANUS had searched the prisoner and found the muslin, the prisoner begged to speak to his mistress or Mr. Wollaston, and said that he would tell where the money was. I then took him into the room before the justice, and he said he would go with us and shew us where the money was, and deliver it up, and that he hoped we would not hurt him. I believe the answer Sir John Fielding made was, you foolish fellow, or rascally fellow, give up the money. I cannot be particular to the words. I was ordered to put him into a coach, to take particular care of him, and go with him to get the money.
You confirm the account of Mr. Wollaston?
Yes. I have got the snuff-boxes; the money was delivered to Mr. Wollaston, because I was going to Ireland. These are the boxes.
The money was in two purses; I have them in my pocket (producing them) I had them in my hand the night before the robbery.
This is the money (producing it) he took it from under the board; it was sealed up thus, before Justice Addington.
The night the robbery was committed my mistress sent me on a message to Ludgate-hill; I left a strange man and woman drinking with the servants in the kitchen; I told them when I went out to take care of the doors; I was away about three quarters of an hour or an hour at most; when I returned I found the back door wide open; I went and sat down with the servants about three quarters of an hour. At about half after eight o'clock the cook went to light the man and woman out; when they were gone, I was going for some bread, I took a candle and lantern in my hand; as I was returning with the loaf under my arm, a man ran out at the door; I threw the lantern and bread down and laid hold of the man; he knocked me down, and when I was down he gave me a blow on my face; before I could recover myself he had run down the garden; one of the young ladies said she heard a man run down the gravel walk; I called out murder, thieves! and bid them shut the door; we searched every part of the house; then we went into the garden, and some of the things were scattered in the garden; I found the purse cut; some of the money was out and some in; I put the money into my pocket, and went and put it in the shed, not with an intent to keep it. My mistress said if I knew of any person who had done it she would not hurt them, but give them twenty pounds if they would restore the money. I hope and beg for mercy; I am a poor fellow and have no person to speak for me.
