On Tuesday last at three o'clock in the afternoon, as I was coming by St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet street , a woman came up to me; I had been to fetch a bundle for a gentleman, and had the bundle and a bonnet in my hand; the woman came up and asked me if I would sell the bonnet; I went a little farther and another repeated the same question; I told them no; I went as far as the print shop; then the prisoner stopped me and beat me on the breast; she pushed me up in the crowd, and they crowded me up in the crowd while they picked my pocket; I asked her several times what was the reason she kept me in the crowd, and would not let me go about my business. The crowd was behind and she stood before me and kept me in the crowd.
How long did she keep you in that situation
I believe about five or six minutes; I asked her what she kept me there for; she said why do not you go about your business; I said because you will not let me out. I got out by force with her striking me on the stomach; I got beyond the print-shop; I thought of my pocket; I felt my ring and money were gone; the ring and two guineas were in a box; the crown piece was loose in my pocket; they were all gone.
How long before had you felt the box in your pocket?
An hour before she stood before me. All the time there was somebody belonging to her on the side of me where the box and money were; she spoke to somebody in the crowd.
What did she say to her?
I cannot say; I was in a great fright; I had things of value which belonged to other people in my hand.
You did not see who she spoke to?
No, I did not; I did not think of her robbing me till after I got out of the crowd.
When you missed the box out of your pocket what did you do?
I thought to follow her wherever she went, she walked by the side of me.
Did she say any thing to you when she came out of the crowd?
No.
Did you say any thing to her when you missed the box?
Yes, I said I had been robbed, and she was the person that had done it, for she struck me up in the crowd; she was sorry for my loss, but why should I suspect her.
How long did she continue to walk with you?
Till she came to Water-lane; she turned down there; I told her I should have her taken up for she was the person.
Did you call for any assistance to take her up?
Yes, there was a constable just by, and she was taken up.
Was she searched?
Yes, they took her to a public-house, and the neighbours all came about me.
Was any thing of your's found upon her?
No.
Did you lose sight of her before you had her taken up?
No.
Your things were never found then?
No.
Did you see her stop to speak to any body after she came out of the crowd?
No. While I was in the public-house, I said I would go and have the advice of a friend; when I returned they told me there had been two women lurking about to see what became of the prisoner.
The prosecutrix attacked me; she said she had lost her money, and charged me with it; I know nothing of it.
