I live at Mr. Worling's, at the bear and ragged staffs; he keeps the house; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were in the two pair of stairs room, which is my bed room; on Saturday night the 3d of March, I saw the things in my room, between five and six in the evening; I missed them about ten or a little after; they are all found; the prisoner was taken, going to sell them, in Monmouth street; I did not know the prisoner; I know nothing of any part of the house being broke.
I live at the bear and ragged staff; I am servant there; I lost the things in the indictment, they were all safe between twelve and one in the day, and I went up about ten at night, and they were not there; I never saw the prisoner; I know nothing of any part of the house being broke open; I bolted the door where he got in; I bolted it at noon, and nobody had any occasion to go up there till I went up myself; I bolted it on the outside.
So that forty people might have been up stairs in that time, and you know nothing of the matter?
Yes.
At a quarter past ten on the 3d of March, the prisoner came to sell these things; I have known him a long while; I live at the corner of Monmouth street, a sale shop, and he offered me a coat for fourteen shillings; then he said he wanted a pair of second hand breeches, and he pulled off a pair of black velveret, and asked seven shillings for them; then he said he wanted a waistcoat, and I shewed him a striped waistcoat with sleeves; then he pulled off a spotted velveret waistcoat, and when he put the suit together, he wanted eighteen shillings for the whole; I suspected him, and went and told my master; he came and asked him how he came by them; he said he had them for his wages of one Mr. Demy, a hair dresser, in Whitechapel; then he said, he was not a hair dresser but a butcher; then he said he could not tell whereabouts in Whitechapel, but he would send for him; then he said he was gone down to Norwich to sell fruit and hard-ware; we stopped him, and I marked the things; they have been in possession of William Saunders, a constable.
I had a parcel of things; between ten and eleven on the 3d of March in the evening, I was fetched; I went to the prisoner and asked him how he got these things; he said he had them for his service, and lived in Whitechapel; he did not disown them to be his; I took off one coat in the little bundle; he said there was nothing but stockings there; I opened the bundle and there was not a pair of stockings there; then I took him to the round-house.
The shirts are marked with a W. I will be on my oath that I paid for them.
What is the value of your things?
Five pounds.
What is the value of your things, Mrs. Frost?
One guinea.
I attend the Rotation office, in Litchfield street; I have a pair of stockings I took off the prisoner's legs; they belong to Robert's.
I am a constable; I attended at the office; I have a shirt and a silk handkerchief that I took off the prisoner; they belong to Roberts.
I had the things of my master when he kept a butcher's shop in Whitechapel, instead of my wages; and I came to Monmouth-street to sell these things and buy some others.
I saw him three times before in the course of a year and a half.
