I live in Aldgate High-street . The prisoner was my servant , from the 3d of February to the 6th of March. Several things were missing, which her mistress charged her with taking. Her box was examined, but nothing found. I paid her her wages, and discharged her, and heard no more of her till last September, when I was informed she was taken up on another charge, in consequence of Mrs. Deacon coming to our house. The prisoner's box was searched, and a silk gown found.
Was you present?
No.
While the prisoner lived in my service, I lost the things that are mentioned in the indictment. Her box was searched, and she was discharged, upon nothing being found. My sister found the gown. When she was taken up, it was brought to my house by my sister. I was told the petticoat was found in the prison. I saw it at the Mansion-house.
I am sister to Mr. Cayley, and live in the same house with him. Mrs. Deacon came to our house the day the prisoner was committed, and said the box was open; that if I had a mind to see if there was any thing of Mrs. Cayley's, I had better go. I went. The box was open in the cellar. The first thing that lay uppermost was Mrs. Cayley's gown. I brought it home, to shew Mrs. Cayley; and it was sent back to Mrs. Deacon's house, and the constable took it before the Lord-Mayor.
I keep a green-shop, No. 4, Camomile-street. The prisoner lodged in my house. She was with me a fortnight. She was taken up on suspicion of robbing me. Her box was in my cellar. I would not let her keep it any where else. She lay along with me. I am a widow. The box was not locked, nor the cellar; but there was nobody else in the house, except a girl of ten years old. I took her up on suspicion, on the 17th; and a constable examined her box.
Was you present?
Yes. The box was opened, and that silk gown lay on the top, upon two more silk gowns. After her examination, she owned to the petticoat, in the Poultry counter, and she pulled it off her.
To Deacon. How came you to send to Mrs. Cayley?
Because I know her, and she told me she had lived there.
The woman in black said she would swear my life away if she could.
