May it please you Lordship, and you gentlemen of the Jury?
You find by this indictment, the charge against the prisoner at the bar, is that of stealing different bank notes, in the dwelling house of Mr. Harford, who is a gentleman of great fortune , and lives in St. James's street ; the prisoner was his servant during six years, in which time his master had too much occasion to complain of frequent infidelity, and frequent dishonesty; some time in May last, Mr. Harford had drawn upon his banker for four hundred pounds, the banker sent it in twenty pound bank notes; he put it as he thought securely in a private drawer, which would only open by a key he was possessed off, which was made by a locksmith in town: Some time after he discovered he had been robbed of seven bank notes, he had no suspicion of the dishonesty of the prisoner, and did not know of any person in his house whom he had any reason to suspect, and therefore he only communicated his loss to Mr. Needham an intimate friend, who lived in the same house, and no farther notice was taken of it: In October last, the prisoner who had been Mr. Harford's valet de chambre, was discharged from his service, and being discharged, he left a box at Mr. Harford's house, and frequently returned there, under pretence of looking into this box; no objection was ever made; on the 10th day of April last, Mr. Harford had put into this drawer the sum of fifty guineas; the Saturday following, Mr. Harford discovered these fifty guineas had been taken away; he then spoke to his valet de chambre John Allen , and told him of his loss, and he did not know whom to suspect; Allen astonished at this communication, and feeling his own situation unfortunate and uneasy, as well as the situation of all the other servants, at last on considering the circumstances, thought that the theft must have been committed by the prisoner; he recollected that the prisoner came to Mr. Harford's house, in company with one John Spingey , on the night of the 10th and he hoped he would return again; he was not much disappointed, for he returned on the evening of the 23d; when he came to the door, Allen's wife, who lived in the house, desired her husband to go up stairs, he did so, and concealed himself behind a chest of drawers, in Mr. Harford's dressing room, the prisoner was let in, and went up stairs as usual to look into his box; but he went into Mr. Harford's dressing room, and there in the view of Allen, he opened this very private drawer of Mr. Harford's with a key he had then in his pocket, Allen immediately flew from his concealment and collared the prisoner, which prevented his taking any thing at to that time: Mr. Harford had now very little doubt, upon this being communicated him, and though he had not the recollection of the numbers of these bank notes, he soon
obtained it from the bankers, and it was soon afterwards discovered, that the prisoner had in June, which was soon after these notes were lost, paid into the bank of Harris and Co. six of these notes. Therefore you can have but little doubt, that these suspicions were properly directed towards him: This key, by which he got into this drawer, he obtained in the following manner; in the year 1781, Mr. Harford had broke this key, and intrusted it to his servant, ordering him to go to the person of the name of Noble to have it mended, or a new one made; he did so, but before that time, he carried it to another locksmith, of the name of Powell, and there had a key made, answering in every particular: Gentlemen, after the prisoner was taken up his box was searched, his lodgings were searched, and there were found some things, which are the subject of another indictment. But in order to prove to charge as it is laid in this, I shall produce before you the evidence of the bankers, who sent these notes to Mr. Harford, and the evidence of Mr. Harford, who will tell you that they were secured in that drawer, and afterwards, it will appear to you, that these very bank notes were deposited in the house of Harris and Co. by the prisoner himself; gentlemen if these notes are fully proved to you, then there will remain, but little doubt as I apprehend, that the prisoner is guilty of the crime, imputed to him, and there will also remain as little doubt of what will be the event of your verdict.
I live in St. James-street, the prisoner came to me while I was at Oxford, and lived with me six years; in October last, there was some dispute between us, and he was rather impertinent, and I discharged him.
Do you remember in May last, that you had drawn upon your banker for some money?
I cannot say to the particular time.
Was it before June?
Who were the bankers
Messrs. Hanbury and Co. Lombard-street, I drew for 400 l. I gave a draft for 400 l. particularly desiring that it might be in 20 l. bank notes, I never take any account of my bank notes; I put them all into a pocket book, and fling them into an iron chest, which stands in the room, the key of the iron chest I put into a drawer with other things, out of which drawer the money was since taken.
Where was the drawer?
In a writing table that stands in my dressing room, I did not want the money immediately, and I take it, it was very near a fortnight before I discovered that some of the notes were missing, I had taken some of these bank notes out twice, and the third time taking of some out, I discovered some were missing.
Did you communicate your loss to any body?
I told Mr. Needham, I spoke of it to nobody else, I lost seven twenty pounds bank notes.
When you discovered the loss, there were several of the notes remaining?
On Saturday I took out 100 l. and on the Sunday; I put the pocket book in my pocket, and then it was the third time, coming to take money out that there was a deficiency.
You counted the bank notes, when Mr. Needham delivered them to you?
I counted them then.
How long after this was it, that your servant staid with you?
Do you recollect the circumstance of the lock of this drawer being broke?
I recollect it particularly, in was in 1781, I was going to open my drawer, and the key broke, and soon after I turned the table topsy turvy, and cut out the bottom of it, as there were many things in it; I bought the lock myself, and desired the prisoner to take it to the maker, who was Noble at Charing-cross, to have a new key; it was a length of time before the lock was put on, and I believe it laid some time in the drawer.
In October last, the prisoner was discharged, had he taken away his things?
I supposed he did then, in September last, I took some money in bank post-bills, I paid him with one of them, a ten pound note, and he told me he had lost it, the consequence
was, he was to apply to the bank to get this money, I do not know what difficulty they make in payment of money in this way, but he said, he could never get it, and one morning he came to me, and he said, Sir, I am not able to get this money, I told him, I would apply to the bank, about getting the money for him, that was the only time when I saw him after he left me.
Can you tell us, whether you drew for such a sum as 400 l. at any time near to that?
certainly drew for that sum only once, therefore, the banker's books will tell you.
If I understand you right, the prisoner was not turned away for any ill behaviour of his own?
It was for a piece of impertinence.
You did not take the numbers or description of the bank notes?
I never do.
I suppose you gave him money to pay bills?
Then you put your hand in the drawer, and gave sometimes notes and sometimes cash?
He kept a book, in which he entered every thing, and I used to pay him at the end of the week, which generally run to five or six pounds, and sometimes more.
I am clerk to Messrs. Hanbury and Co. I have my book; on the 25th of April, here is a draft of Mr. Harford's for 400 l. it was paid in twenty 20 l. notes, Mr. Needham came for it.
Have you an entry of the numbers of those notes?
Look at No. 83?
What year?
That I have not down.
January 15th, 20 l.
February 1st, 20 l.
Look letter B. 207?
Yes, that is here, letter B. 207, November 28th, 20 l.
Dated 15th of February 20 l.
Have you letter K. again 239?
Then I can only make out five notes, these notes were delivered to Mr. Needham, on account of Mr. Harford, on the 25th of April?
I see there is no years to them?
No, Sir, we never take the years.
Therefore whether it was the year 1770, or when, you cannot say?
Are not you every day issuing bank notes from the bank?
Every day.
You say, an account book was kept?
Yes, that I saw and settled.
Was there the receipts as well as payments, did he set down any particular receipts?
He made a regular bill in a small book, and I paid him at the bottom of it.
Not keeping an account, debtor and creditor?
Do you recollect going to the bankers with a four hundred pounds draft for Mr. Harford?
Yes, the latter end of April, or beginning of May, I cannot tell which.
You took your pocket book out you say?
On the Saturday I took five bank notes out, I did not count them then.
You did not discover it, till you took out the second time the one hundred pounds, was it within a fortnight?
I did not discover my loss when I took the second one hundred pounds, not till the third time.
What became of the pocket book?
I put it in again.
It was never out of your house?
You recollect seeing Mr. Beaumont at Mr. Hanbury's?
What did you receive from him?
Twenty twenty-pounds bank notes, I delivered them to Mr. Harford, and he counted them.
I believe you was present when the prisoner was taken into custody?
I came in after he was secured.
Did any examination pass in your view?
You did not take the the numbers?
No, Sir, I did not.
Before I call John Allen , I will call Sir Robert Harris 's clerk to prove these notes were paid into their house.
You will prove that some notes were paid in.
I was clerk to the bank of Sir Robert Harris and Co. in St. James's-street; I know the prisoner extremely well.
Did he at any time in June last, pay any money into your house?
Yes, he did, on June the 21st.
How much Sir?
It appears here, that he paid in three hundred and sixty pounds, on June the 21st, 1782.
Have you any memorandum of the manner in which it was paid?
I have, of all but the sixty pounds that was in money; the three hundred pounds were in bank notes.
Have you the numbers of these notes?
I have.
Look if you have letter O. No. 83, dated the 9th of May, twenty pounds; letter H. 23, January 15, twenty pounds; letter K. 212, 1st of February, twenty pounds; letter B. 207, 28th of November, twenty pounds; letter K. 145?
I have it here, letter H. 145, the rest are all here.
You must ask Mr. Beaumont, whether it is K, or H.
I have it H. 145.
You said K. before.
They were all paid in together, with sixty pounds in cash?
They were paid in, with sixty pounds, in other notes and cash.
How long have you been in the banking business?
I should suppose about eight years.
There is no dates I understand in your book?
I never put the year.
Then how many bank notes have you seen in your life-time, answering that description, both as to dates, letter, and sums?
Upon my honour I cannot tell you, I do imagine that the bank never gave out two notes of the same letter and number.
But what think you of the same year?
I should think that another year, they may give out the same number and letter.
Why, in the same day we have seen notes of the same number?
Will you say, that they have not given them out?
No, it is no business of mine; I should suppose, that they have a number of letters g iven them, for those particular dates, and I suppose the year following, they give them other letters.
Is there any person from the bank here, I want to ask, whether there is any sort of time as a general calculation how long bank notes go in circulation.
Do you know as to the length of time that bank notes are in circulation?
That is all uncertain.
I am servant to Mr. Harford, I knew the prisoner, I lived with Mr. Harford when he was discharged.
Did you see the prisoner at Mr. Harford's house, on the 23d of April?
What time in the day or evening?
It was between eight and nine in the evening that he came there.
Where did you see him?
In the dressing room.
In what situation were you in the dressing room?
I was concealed in the bookcase in Mr. Harford's dressing room, between eight and nine.
Did you see the prisoner enter the dressing room?
He came into the dressing room and opened my master's table drawer.
How did he open that table drawer?
With a key in his right hand.
What did he do?
Did he take any thing out?
No, Sir, I did not give him time, immediately on seeing him do this, I jumped out from my place and collared him.
Have you seen him at your master's house any time before this in April?
Yes, he has been there several times.
Do you remember the time he was discharged your master's service?
Did he carry his goods away with him?
He left a large box.
What part of the house was this box in?
In the garret.
And he was suffered to go into your master's house to look for those things?
Yes, he said to me, John, I suppose my box will not be in the way, you have room enough up stairs, I said, no, the box might stand there.
Nothing had been taken out of the drawer the day you was concealed?
You mean that he came to your master's house to his box several times, after he was discharged from your master's service?
I live at Charing-cross, I am an ironmonger.
Do you remember making a key to a drawer for Mr. Harford?
I cannot perfectly remember that, I have some idea of it, but I cannot say I did.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I cannot say I do, I think I have seen his face.
You do not know whether he ever applied to you about a lock or key?
I have some distant recollection, but I cannot recollect particularly; I have a workman's memorandum book, and I find two fine keys were made about that time, I have made out to whom one of them belonged, the other I cannot unless this is it.
You say, you have a recollection of the prisoner's face?
I think I have seen him before.
In general did you do work and business for Mr. Harford?
No, my Lord.
Did he deal at your shop?
Not in particular, I believe I sold a lock to Mr.. Harford, a year or two before.
Your's is a very large shop?
If any body comes in to ask for a lock, you sell them one?
Undoubtedly.
You do not recollect every gentleman that comes into your shop?
I live in Piccadilly, opposite Bond-street, I am an ironmonger.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I should not have known him, if I met him in the street, but when he was examined at Bow-street, he said, he lived with Mr. Harford, and he said, he bought a key at my shop, I think he said, it was in November, about the year 1781; he said, a key was bespoke.
What did he say more relative to the key, at Bow-street?
He said that he bespoke it he believed on Saturday.
Did the prisoner after he was taken into custody, deliver any key to you?
When I went into the room as usual, I found the servant Allen, standing between the prisoner and the door, and Mr. Harford was there; he said, this is the gentleman that has robbed my drawers; I asked him, how he could do such a thing against his master, and where the key was, that he made use of, he said it was in his pocket, and he gave it to me immediately; I have the key now; I saw Mr. Harford try it himself, and it opens the drawer as well as his own.
I thought the drawer was left half open?
Mr. Harford had another key which he made use of, but he tried this key.
And did it open it very readily and easily?
Yes, my Lord, as easy as his own.
I leave it to my Council.
You did not suspect him before this time?
No, I did not, I had a good opinion of him.
The bank notes are not described at all in the indictment.
After the judge had summed up the evidence, the prisoner said, I expected my Council would have spoken for me, otherwise I would have spoken myself; my book of accounts that Mr. Harford has got, will sufficiently shew that I have received at different times, by different bills, sums to the\\ amountof fifty pounds; besides at other times, Mr. Harford has frequently sent me to get change for notes, which I look upon it will fully answer every thing that is
alledged against me; another thing, Mr. Harford has frequently left his own key in his drawer, from the time he has dressed; another thing, Mr. Harford's pocket book, has layed for one or two days in a coat, that he has thrown off, frequently, not once or twice; with notes in it; and Mr. Harford has never missed it: I have searched his coat pockets, and brought him his pocket book, with notes in it; his present servant, John Allen , can prove that I have often changed him bank notes, as being often desired to get change of a Sunday, when I could not get it, therefore, I generally keep change in the house, and he generally paid me of a Sunday, sometimes it went for three weeks, and amounted to thirty, forty, or fifty pounds.
I will ask Mr. Harford, or I will call any body you wish.
I can account for the whole 400 l. except these notes.
Did he not frequently change notes for you?
Not these notes.
Did you leave your key?
I have often forgot the key, and he has often sent it up to me, though he had the other key at the same time.
You have several other servants?
Have you paid him on account of house-keeping, any of these bank notes?
I have not.
If the book of account was here, I am sure it would acquit me of this;
The time of the long reckoning, which was five or six weeks, I remember I paid him in a fifty pound bank note.
May the 14th received 50 l. it does not appear here whether it was this note or money. - Received 20 l.
That was after you missed these notes.
I cannot say to the day when I missed these notes.
Look further in May, if you please.
And 28 l. wages, which is not down there.
What were his wages?
Twenty-eight guneas.
Did you pay him at that time?
I am not particular to the time.
A little time before this, Harris had money of mine in his hands, and therefore he might not know the account of the notes, as to a 100 l. 50 l. and 20 l.
Is there any possibility that this quantity of 20 l. bank notes, that you mention that you disposed of, could have found their way to the hands of this man?
No, four were lost at Mr. Harford's, and the other five were paid at Stapleton's, four remained, and seven were gone.
Mr. Harford frequently gave me notes to change, and I changed them for him, therefore, these notes must be in my possession.
Gentlemen of the Jury, you will take this with you, that Mr. Harford accounts for these twenty 20 l. bank notes.
