I live at No. 9, in Glanville-street, Rathbone-place ; the prisoner lived at No. 8. On Sunday night the 5th of March, about half after twelve o'clock, I went up to warm my mistress's bed, and found her bed-chamber full of smoke. My mistress desired me to look over the house, to see if every thing was safe. I did; every thing was safe; then she desired me to go to the next door, to see if every thing was safe there; when I came to the house, I found the door a-jar; I knocked at it four or five times, but I did not see any body; then I went to No. 10; they told me every thing was safe. I went back to No. 8, and shoved the door open, upon which the smoke burst out in my face. I went over to the watch-house, and called Mr. Boyden, the constable of the night; he said, our watchman was coming. I called the watchman, and went into the house with him. When I went into the passage, I saw a walking-stick between the two parlour doors; upon the stairs I saw two candlesticks, with a piece of candle in each, and a tinder-box by the side of them, with a match; the candles were not lighted. I pushed open the parlour door, which was nearest the street, and there was a fire in the middle of the floor; it burned up as I opened the door.
Did you find any body in the house?
Nobody at all; but there were people lived in the house then, but who they were I did not know till afterwards. After we got the fire out, and examined particularly, we found that it had burned the boards for about a yard square; they were entirely consumed, and the joist burnt very much; the fire had been put under a box, which was turned bottom upwards; there was some cheque and woollen rags, and some paper under the box; Mr. Tuppen has them. Soon after the fire was out, I came out of the house; the prisoner came home about two in the morning, and was apprehended immediately; I was present.
I am landlord of the house, No. 8, Glanville-street; I let it to the prisoner for the term of three years, from Michaelmas last; he entered about a fortnight after Michaelmas.
What is your interest in the house?
I built it; I have a lease for the term of ninety-nine years; William Bolton is my ground-landlord.
Have you your lease here?
No: I have the agreement, signed by the prisoner to me.
Have you ever seen the prisoner write?
I have seen bills of his, he has given me receipts; I do not know that I looked over him particularly to see him write them. (Looks at the agreement.) I believe this to be his hand-writing.
On Sunday night, the 5th of March, about one o'clock, the watchman alarmed me, and told me my house in Glanville-street was on fire. I went to the house; the fire was extinguished then; the prisoner was not come home, nor his wife; the fire had been in the middle of the floor; there was a small box on the floor, turned upside down, and under the box some rags, paper, and other things; it had burned about three feet square; had burned through the floor, and had burned the joist under the floor. I said, this is a malicious affair; and asked if they had seen either the prisoner or his wife. I went up stairs with the watchman, to see if there was any thing there. I could not see any thing. I came down into the back parlour, and found the bed curtains and window curtains taken away; there was a turn-up and half tester bed in the room. I papered the room with a paper he chose, to answer the furniture of his bed. I saw the curtains up about a month before; after that when the fire was out, and people dispersed to their apartments, I ordered the door to be shut, and staid with the watchmen in the house, and when the watchmen went out, I desired them to look and see if any body was lurking about at the corner of the street. About two o'clock I went into the next house, to let the old lady know she might go to bed; that I should stay on the premises all night. While I was there, the watchman came and told me the prisoner was come home. I went in, and said to him, For God's sake, Mr. Breeme, where have you been? He said, to Tower-hill. I said, here is an amazing circumstance happened; and God knows what might have been the consequence, if it had not been discovered. He took a candle, and went down into the kitchen, and sat down. I followed him. I said, Mr. Breeme, your wife and you have deserted the house; here is this fire happened; I must give charge of you, for you to give some account about it. He said never a word. I gave the watchmen charge of him, and desired them to indulge him as much as they could in the watch-house, for which I gave them two shillings the next day. I saw no more of the prisoner after that.
Do you happen to know what the family consisted of, who lived in the house with him?
Nobody but he and his wife, that ever I saw.
What was his trade?
A tailor.
Had he any journeymen?
I do not know, I put him up a board big enough to hold six men.
Had you ever seen in what way the house was furnished?
I can tell pretty well how the house was furnished; there was no great matter only in the fore parlour, kitchen, and bed-room.
Was there no furniture in the upper part of the house?
No, only a bed in the garret, which is the work-shop.
I am a butcher; I live in Oxford-market.
Was you one of the persons who were disturbed and came to this house?
I was.
Did you look over the house to see what was the value of the goods in it?
I did, and between God and my conscience I think they were not worth 15 l. I looked over the whole house.
I am a surveyor of the Sun Fire-office.
Have you the book of the office here?
Yes. The policy was taken out the 7th of April, 1778. Andrew Breeme of Macclesfield-street, on his household goods in his now dwelling-house, &c. not exceeding 240 l. Utensils, stock, and goods in trust therein, not exceeding 120 l. Endorsed on the back, Andrew Breeme , Macclesfield-street, removed to his dwelling-house, brick, No. 8, Glanville-street, Rathbone-place.
Is the policy here?
Here is the policy book, it is endorsed. The policy is always brought to the office to enter the removal of the party, and he endorses the book.
The office never pay claims upon them without an affidavit?
No. There is an inventory made out, and a certificate signed by the parson and churchwarden of the parish.
Do you know of your own knowledge that the prisoner lived in Macclesfield-street?
No.
Or in Glanville-street?
No.
Or that any money was paid?
I do know that the money was paid.
Did the prisoner tell you where he lived before he came to your house?
Yes; in Macclesfield-street, seventeen years I understood; but I found afterwards it was seventeen months.
I left the house that Sunday night at near seven o'clock and went to Tower-hill; I had a man with me in the, house who did a little business for me in the writiag way; we went out together; before we went out I locked the dog in the kitchen. When we came to Red-Lion-square, I recollected I had not left the key for my wife, and proposed to go back, the man persuaded me not, and we proceeded to Tower-hill, to the Hamburgh Arms; we got there about eight o'clock; we sat and drank together there till about ten o'clock, then we came away and came together as far as Aldgate, there we parted; I went to shoemaker-row, and staid about an hour, then I came through the city to Fleet-market; the clock struck eleven when I came through Temple-bar. I had a glass of gin, on the left-hand side by the New Church; then I went to the King's-Head in Covent-garden, I got there about half after eleven; I waited above half an hour for a pint of brandy hot. I fell partly asleep before I drank it; when I waked the house was full of people; the watchman was crying half after one o'clock. Then I proceeded home; as I went up Tottenham-court-road, the watchman was crying past two o'clock; when I came up to my door and put the key in, a man came up to me and said you have got a key; I said yes, the key of my own house. The man pushed me into the house, upon which two or three men ran up stairs together. I said what is this in the house? I was quite stagnated; they took me into the kitchen, and the landlord came and gave charge of me.
There was not so much as any apparel in the house which he and his wife had pulled off on Sunday.
I had two suits of clothes of mine out at the scowerer's, and some I had sold to a clothes-seller.
Are you sure there was no apparel in the house?
Yes, I examined the house very carefully; there were no shoes, stockings, gowns, shirts, or any other article of wearing apparel whatever.
My linen was in the house; the house might have been robbed.
I get my living by writing. I used to write for the prisoner, who is a German. I was at his house the day the house was on fire, which was a Sabbath day, the 5th of March. We left the house about seven o'clock.
Who was in the house when you left it?
Nobody.
Did you observe the dog?
When I was down in the kitchen writing, I observed the dog come in several times.
Where did you leave the dog?
I do not recollect. I did not see the dog when we came. I think if he had been out he would have followed his master. We went together as far as Red-Lion-square; he said I must go back to Oxford-street, for I have forgot to leave the key with my wife; I said as you have got so far you had better go forwards, as she is at a friend's house, they may not think much of sitting up a little; upon my saying so he went forwards.
Did he tell you where his wife was?
He said she was at friend's house in Oxford-street. He did not signify the person's name then, but I know it now. When we came to the farthest part of the square, there is a passage which I knew would lead me towards my home; I said I must wish you good night; he said I am going to Tower-hill, on a little business, if you will go with me, I will treat you with a couple of pints of beer, and you will have an opportunity of seeing the paper, which you say you have not seen some time. We went to the Hamburgh Arms on Tower-hill; we staid there till about half after nine at night.
What did he buy there?
A bottle of drops, with a German, and desired the German direction to be taken back and an English one brought, that I might read it; he paid for the two pints of beer, put the drops into his pocket, and we came away together as far as Aldgate; there we parted. He said he was going to Shoemaker-row.
Where is your home?
At the top of Golden-lane, Old-street.
How was you employed that evening at the prisoner's house before you went out?
The first thing he set me about was writing an advertisement for the publick paper, as an advertising tailor, to make things low; then he set me about paging this book (producing a quarto book) I began making the alphabet but did not finish it.
Is that the advertisement you wrote (shewing the witness a paper) ? - This is not the advertisement. I wrote this in prison the Tuesday after he was taken up.
Did not you produce this very paper before the magistrate, as the paper you then wrote?
I did not swear it, I produced it.
For what purpose did you produce it, did not you produce it as the paper you wrote the Sunday before at the prisoner's house and the very paper he wrote at his house?
I told them I wrote it at his house.
You afterwards acknowledged it was written in Clerkenwell Bridewell, to serve the Prisoner?
Yes, to supply the other which he had lost.
My father keeps a publick-house, in Shoemaker-row, near Aldgate. On Sunday the 5th of March the prisoner came to our house between nine and ten o'clock; he staid till about ten; I made him some Hollands and water. He left a bundle there.
What was in the bundle?
A great coat only.
My brother and I keep the King's-Head alehouse, in Covent-garden. The prisoner came to our house on Sunday night the 5th of March, between eleven and twelve to the best of my knowledge; he staid an hour; he had a pint of brandy hot.
Did he go out, or fall asleep?
He laid his head upon the pot for a few minutes; I do not know whether he was asleep, or not.
I am waiter to Mr. Farrah. The prisoner came to our house on Sunday night, the 5th of March, between eleven and one o'clock, and had a pint of Brandy hot.
Do you recollect what time he went?
No, I was busy; I do not recollect; to the best of my rememberance, he was there about one o'clock.
I live at No. 424, in Oxford-street, Mrs. Breeme came to my house on Sunday, the 5th of March, I think, between five and six o'clock. I went home with her between ten and eleven. We found the dog on the outside of the door. Mrs. Breeme knocked at the door; I think if had not been fast it would have opened. When she found she could not get in, I said go back to my house and lie with me as my husband will not come home to-night, which she did.
She often lay at your house?
Never before.
Though the door was not open between ten and eleven did she not expect Mr. Breeme would come home?
When she came she said Mr. Breeme was going out and she expected he would call for her; she staid till after ten, then she began to be uneasy, and said she would go home.
Is she an intimate acquaintance of your's?
Yes.
Were any of her clothes at your house?
No.
How long did she stay?
She went home between six and seven in the morning.
Had you heard what had happened before you went home?
No, she sent for me afterwards to her house; I went and she told me she was taken up on account of the fire; I went with her to the Rotation-office in Litchfield-street; there she was discharged.
Do you happen to know what is become of her clothes?
No. The next morning, when they sent from Litchfield-street to search the house her clothes were in a trunk.
I said there were no clothes they had pulled off that day. I recollect some petticoats in a box.
There was Mrs. Breeme's gown and petticoats, and I think sheets.
Was there any linen?
I did not observe.
I have known Breemeever since he married his present wife; she is a relation of mine, he had a fortune with her, I believe nine hundred pounds, in the stocks. I was left trustee to her mother. I never heard any thing against him; he was the last person I should have thought of doing such a thing.
I was sent for on account of this affair; there was a man looked over the goods. Mr. Breeme opened a box, it was three parts full of clothes, aprons, shifts, and gowns; the box was about two feet and an half wide. I believe I have known Breeme seven years. He was an honest, industrious, sober man.
