On Wednesday the 12th of December I took up two trunks to carry to Upper Clapton , I keep the King's Arms there, and I keep one of the short stages; they were to be carried to Mr. Rigby's, at Upper Clapton, I tied them on behind the coach with a double rope; when I came to my own door, and got off the box, I looked behind before I let a lady out that wanted to be set down, there was one of the boxes missing, I called a man out of the yard, and said, here is one of the boxes gone, take a horse and go after it, it cannot be gone far, as it came only from Lower Clapton; William Wheeler took the horse, and pursued it; the horse only returned to my yard in three minutes without the rider; as soon as ever he saw the man, he alighted off the horse, and took him; we went down the road, and met Wheeler with the trunk on his shoulder, and the man in his left hand, the prisoner at the bar; we had no constable there, and we put him on the box between us; as we were going by Upper Clapton, he nestled down rather behind; my man said, you have dropped something, he said no, I got down and found this knife; these are the ropes, it was cut in two, it was put double round the end; he had but little excuse, he said he found the trunk, and we o ught to be obliged to him for taking care of it.
I pursued on horseback; my master called me out of the yard, and bid me take a horse and go after the trunk he had lost; I went immediately and found the man, and the trunk laid in a ditch, about two hundred yards from my master's house, it was not quite a quarter of a mile, he was in the road talking with a woman.
You saw him in the road talking with a woman?
Yes; I saw the trunk lay in the ditch, about seven yards from him; I got off and seized him, and let the horse go immediately.
What did you charge him with?
I had a suspicion he was the man that cut the trunk from behind; he made a piece of work, and said it was not him, and he would give me a punch in the head, and such like as that; a gentleman came up to my assistance, and laid hold of one side of him, and we insisted on his coming with us; I saw a man go over a gate in a blue coat, before I saw the trunk, about three or four yards from it; the prisoner was nearest to the trunk.
How came you not to suspect the man that went over the gate?
Because he ran across the field, and my horse could not go there.
It is a trunk belonging to my son at school.
It is laid properly as being the property of the coachman.
About two o'clock I was walking out, on the 12th of December, I saw the prisoner take a trunk from behind a coach, roll it on the road, then put it into the ditch; I saw him take it from behind the coach.
How far did he carry it?
It might be a yard or more; he rolled it on the road, and put it into the ditch; there was a man with him in a blue great coat; then he came over to talk to me, and asked me if I wanted any thing, I said not with him, at the same time Mr. Larkin's man seized him.
How long might it be after he took it from the coach the man came up?
A very few minutes; I was walking with a child that walked very slow; I told Mr. Larkin's man as soon as I saw him; I said I saw the man take the trunk off.
How came you to tell me nothing of what the woman told you?
When I came up the fellow was talking to her; she did not tell me just directly; she was in the road, he was nearer the trunk, she was in the path; when I came up to him, a gentleman and lady came up, he came to my assistance, and she told me then she saw him take it, and put it in the ditch.
She says she saw me roll it out of the road; says she saw that young man take it out of the road, and put it down there in the ditch, and as soon as that man came up to her, I went up and asked her if she wanted any thing, as I thought she might have heard something of it; she said no; I stood there, it was twenty yards from the box she says, and it was not seven yards; she told him at first she saw me roll it out of the path-way, then said I put it in the ditch. I have no witnesses; I did not see the box at all till I came close by Stamford Hill; the box lay in the road, I rolled it on the path-way; this woman coming along I asked if she wanted any thing, she said no, nothing of me; I thought she might have heard something of it.
