I live in Golden-square . My house was broke open in the night of the 30th or 31st of March; I heard nothing of it till I was called up at a little after eight o'clock; I then came down stairs: I found the upper sash of the kitchen window was forced down; and it was so fast that it could not be got up again without\\ send\\ ing for a carpenter; the window had an inside shutter, to which there was a slight wooden bar; a pane of glass was broke in the window, which enabled the person to undo the bar. I lost the plate mentioned in the indictment from the sideboard in the back-parlour; I found this odd stocking (producing it) in the drawer of my dressing-room, which is the place where my stockings are always kept; I understand the fellow stocking to this was found in the prisoner's lodging-room.
I am cook to Mr. Woodgate. I came down between six and seven o'clock on the Saturday morning; I was the first of the family down stairs: when I came into the kitchen I found the window open, a pane of glass broke, and the bar outside the window; I did not then miss any thing out of the kitchen: I went up stairs into my master's office; I found a naked sword upon the writing-desk, and there was a mark at the corner of the desk, which was, I suppose, made by the sword in breaking it open: then I went into the eating-room; I observed the plate was all gone: I went down stairs again, and found there was a portmanteau broke open, which belonged to a gentleman's servant who was then upon a visit, and the clothes were taken away out of it.
At what time did you go to bed the night before?
At half after ten o'clock; I shut and barred up that kitchen window before I went up stairs; I left a man and woman servant in the kitchen when I went to bed.
I am a servant to Mr. Woodgate: I went to bed at half past one o'clock the night before my master's house was broke open; I was the last person below stairs; I observed that all was safe then; the kitchen window was shut up and barred. I followed the cook down stairs in the morning, and found things as she has described.
I have here three pair of silk and one pair of cotton stockings, and an odd silk stocking (producing them) I found them, on Sunday the 1st of April, in a room up two pair of stairs forward at No. 5, in Coventry-court in the Haymarket; they were all in a cupboard, except the odd stocking, which lay on the floor; I asked the prisoner who they belonged to: he said they were his property, and he begged I would leave them behind.
What was your business at this place?
There was an information came to the office against the prisoner and some others: I knocked at the door at about eight o'clock in the morning, and was let in; I went up to the two pair of stairs, I knocked at the door; a girl in her shift and under petticoat opened the door to me; I went into that room, and from thence into the back-room; there I found the prisoner a-bed: when the prisoner begged me to leave them behind, I told him I should take the stockings away, and if they were not owned he should have them back again: he was asked before the justice, where he got these things? he said he bought them of a Jew in Bishopsgate-street.
Are there different lodgers in this house?
There was only a woman with a child in the garret. I searched the rest of the house, but did not find any thing.
Was there any other person in the room besides the prisoner?
Only the girl that opened the door to me.
Who lodged in the room in which the stockings were found?
There was no bed in the fore-room; the bed was in the back-room.
Did you find the room forward open or locked?
It was locked. The woman that was with him opened the fore-door, and then I went into the back-room, where the bed was; I made the prisoner get up, and come into the fore-room to dress himself. The back-room opens only into the fore-room; there is not, to my knowledge, any door from the back-room to the staircase.
This odd stocking I saw at the justice's, and it matches exactly with the stocking I have in my pocket; they are both marked with the initial of my name, W.
Do you know whose work the mark is?
I do not.
Can you take upon you to swear to the stocking?
Yes, and the other stockings too; they have been tumbling about my drawer these seven years; the other stockings are likewise marked, W; I am perfectly satisfied they are mine.
Did you ever find your plate?
No; I never found any thing but these stockings.
I live at No. 5, Coventry-court. Mr. Jealous came to my house on the Sunday morning: my servant came down into the kitchen where I lay, and waked me; she told me some men were making a noise at the two pair of stairs door: I ran up stairs.
Whose apartment was that?
The apartment of a woman called Margaret Hunter : she took the lodging of me on the Thursday afternoon; she came in on the Thursday evening, about nine o'clock.
Did she come alone?
I do not know; my servant let her in; I did not then see her.
You saw her on the Friday?
Yes; she came down into the kitchen to ask for such things as she wanted.
Did you see any person with her?
No.
Jones, the prisoner, was found in the room on the Sunday morning?
Yes, so I find; but I never saw him before.
Then you do not know that the prisoner was in the house before that Sunday?
I never saw him before. Hunter said she had an husband, or some acquaintance, who was a silversmith or something, I don't know what she called him; but I never saw the prisoner till he was taken up.
Did you know that any man was in that room?
I did not.
You know nothing about these stockings?
I saw them when they were taken out of the place, I never saw them before.
And upon your oath you never saw the prisoner before?
Never till the Sunday morning.
I had a pair of stockings lying about the room: when he took the stockings up, I thought they were my own; but as to these other stockings, I know nothing of them: what I might say in my fright I cannot tell; but the lodging does not belong to me.
He said before the justice, he bought the stockings of a Jew; Mr. Woodgate heard him.
Did you hear that?
I did.
When did he say he bought them?
On the Saturday morning.
I have been to sea. I was an attorney's clerk. I was going down the Haymarket; this woman asked me to go home with her; I went home with her, and slept with her; in the morning Jealous came up, put a pistol to my head, and took me out of bed: I said I was ready to go with him. He searched the room, and brought these stockings out of the cupboard; I said, do not take any thing there, for they may be my stockings.
I have known the prisoner from a child; I never knew otherwise of him but a very good character as to doing any thing of this kind. He has been at sea, and been rather wild.
