I live at No. 33, Whitechapel ; my house was broke open on the 25th of December last; I was the last person up in the house, I left my house at three o'clock in the afternoon, and nobody in it, the doors and windows fast, I had the keys in my pocket; I came home again about a quarter before eight; at the time I left it, it was quite late, when I returned I found my house had been broke open; the prisoner was taken to the watch-house before six; there was some wearing apparel found, they were put in a bundle in the room below.
There was nobody in the house when the man came; I lost two gowns, one a printed linen, one a camblet stuff gown; one white cloth apron, five handkerchiefs, one a silk, and four coloured, a pair of black silk stockings, two pieces of pink silk, about half a yard; I don't think I can recollect every article; two black petticoats, some printed cotton, a remnant. I came home nearest to the hour of six, I found the sash up, one of the blinds was open, I left a large nail to fasten the sash, the blind was open; I saw a quarter of a yard of the canvas slit down, I saw the prisoner in the house at that time; I was the first that went to the window, I screamed out thieves, and saw him make a scuffle to the back door and the back window, it was a moon-light night, I saw part of him go out of the back window, he was taken on the premises; the first that took him was one Smith, a lamp lighter, coming along; I did not enter the house till the prisoner was in and tied, they desired me to come in and see if that was my property.
I was sent by Mr. Turner to see if the house was safe, between five and six; when I came, the windows were close, the outside shutters were quite close; I went back and told her the house was safe.
I went along with Mrs. Turner; I saw a man there, and saw the blind tore, the window broke, and the bundle lying in the middle of the room; the man that took him was a lamp lighter, Thomas Smith ; the bundle was never removed out of the place by the prisoner.
I am a lamp lighter; I was coming by, and heard Mrs. Turner cry out, thieves! fire! I asked what was the matter, she said there were thieves in the house; I jumped in at the window, the first room I went to, I saw a bag there full of things; I went to the wash house, and found the prisoner hid there, underneath the table; we too k him and searched him, he was in my care a good while till the officers came, and took him to prison.
I am an officer belonging to the Rotation office at Whitechapel; I was sent for on Christmas day, at night, by one Mrs. Thompson, a next door neighbour of Mrs. Turner's; she said the house was robbed, and the thief in the house; I went there, when we came, the door was fast, we got in at the window, there was a bag in the middle of the room, the prisoner was standing on one side, and Smith was with him; as soon as we came in, Smith went away, and left me in charge of him; the bag remained in the room; when I went up stairs to see the situation of the place above, I found the bureau and the drawers open, and some papers and things scattered about the room; I came down stairs again; the things were emptied out of the bag, I asked Mrs. Turner if the things were above or below, Mrs. Turner said they were above; I asked if they knew any thing of that bag, she said no; Harwood has had the things ever since.
I have had them ever since; they were sealed at the house, and broke open at the Justice's, to see if the people knew them.
You had not brought those things down when you left the house?
I had not.
I have nothing to say, but I hope for mercy; I have no witnesses.
At six o'clock in the evening, at such a season of the year, it must be after dark, and that is necessary, in point of law, to constitute a burglary. The window was found open, and the blind torn, that was in point of law a breaking; though the things are not carried out of a house, a burglary may be committed, if a person breaks into the house in the night, and commits a felony, or breaks in with intent to commit a felony. If a person is indicted only for a larceny, if the things were proved to have been in a room above stairs, and he takes them from the room they are in, and brings them down stairs, that is a taking that would constitute a larceny; therefore in point of law, their being so removed by the person breaking into the house, would be committing a burglary in the house.
