On Saturday the 9th of February I was coming to town, I lost a hair trunk and a caravan box, containing divers things, from James's-street, Bedford-row ; it was in the boot of a hackney coach, I cannot say I saw it put in; the coachman set me down, I missed it in about a quarter of an hour, my servant missed it, I never found it again; I don't know exactly what things were in it, as I did not pack them up, my servant did, I ordered my servant to put things in; the two trunks I can swear to coming with me.
What should have been in that trunk?
There should have been two pearl pins belonging to Mrs. Ord, several caps, and a good deal of lace; a dress gown of my own, a suit of scarlet cloaths of a servant about seven years old; several girls frocks and petticoats, several pair of children's stockings, and a child's dimity waistcoat; I never found them again.
Was it a hackney coach or the stage?
I took a hackney-coach from the stage: Richard Simpson was my brother's servant; he took the things out of the inside of the coach, but not the boot; I cannot say I saw the trunk or caravan put in the boot of the coach; I cannot swear to his being the coachman, only what I was told.
Where did the coach take you up?
At Whitechapel; there was Mrs. Ord and my little boy, it was about a quarter of an hour, the servant wanted the child's cloaths to put him to bed, and enquired for the trunks, I sent my brother's servant to the stage to enquire.
On the 9th instant, a quarter before six, a hackney coach came to Mr. Ord's door, in James-street, Bedford-row; after I went to the door, the passengers got out of it, I took three parcels out of the inside, after I took the three parcels out, I asked the coachman what his fare was, he told me 2 s. I went in and told Mr. Ord, he said very well, pay him; I went out to get change for half a crown, and then I paid the coachman, who was the prisoner at the bar, he then went away, I did not see the things in the boot.
You saw nothing in the boot?
No; I am very clear that is the man, I knowed him by the light, and his hair, only by general appearance, the No. of the coach was 259, the stage coachman told me the number.
I am Mr. Cupelo's coachman, it is a hackney coach, I drove 259 part of that night, I remember there were some passengers, and things in the boot, it was a hair trunk, and what you may call a caravan box, I am sure those were in when I drove it.
Did the hair trunk stand up to the top of the boot?
It was rather better than a foot above the top.
Who took the coach from you?
The prisoner at the bar, I am sure they were in the boot then, I wanted to go for three or four hours that evening, and I got him to drive for me; the prisoner is a coachman , he is a servant, he has lived fellow servant with me, I am positive the things were in the boot when he took the coach from me, I know nothing else.
He took the coach from me in Leaden-hall-street, we never stopped the coach.
How many minutes before you gave the coach to the prisoner at the bar, did you see the things in the boot?
When I stepped off the box I saw them in the boot, the coach never stopped at all, I never saw them after, I don't know who was in the coach, the horses never stopped as I got off, my eyes was upon the trunk when I got off.
Was there time to get the caravan and trunk away while you got off?
No; the coach never stopped.
The coach never stopped at all, it went on very slow.
Did you enquire after the trunks?
Not till the next morning, I was in bed; I took him to that young man's house, the prisoner at the bar.
I saw the coach stand at the prisoner's door, as I was going down Petticoat-lane, and I saw him take a caravan box out of the coach, and carry it into his door, his lodgings, it is his house I believe; I passed on from thence; he took it out of the coach; I was going into Widegate-alley with a parcel, I live at the Three Nuns, near Aldgate church; one of our waggons was going out, this was about seven o'clock in the evening.
Is Cupelo master of the coach No. 259?
Yes; I belong to him, I knew the prisoner at the bar; he does not live with Cupelo.
What day was it?
The 9th, in the evening; he only drives for my master when the coachmen chuse to send him out.
What was the value of the caravan box?
About six or seven shillings.
I was close by the coach when he took the things out; knowing it was our coach, made me observe it.
The former witness says he took every thing out of the inside, and this says he took them out of the coach.
How far is the prisoner's door from Cupelo's?
It may be a quarter of a mile.
Where does the prisoner live?
About the middle of Petticoat-lane.
I keep a hackney coach, he has lived with me almost twelve months, and drove a coach for me, and was very diligent and honest; he did me as much justice and rather more than some others.
I make stop work, I have known him two years, I have trusted him in my apartments, I never missed any thing.
I am a dealer in fish, I have known the prisoner a great many years, and always found him an honest man.
I have known him three years, he always bore the character of an honest man, I have trusted him, and he paid me very honest.
