I am a labourer working in the warehouses with the prisoner: time after time we have had complaints from our employers of the tea being missed out of the chests. I saw the prisoner standing by a chest of tea, he dipped his hand into it twice, and put his hand into his coat pocket; it was half an hour after two, the 9th of this month; there were many men in the warehouse, twelve or thirteen, but no one saw him but myself; there was a man stood at the right hand of him, and did not see him. I told my employer as soon as I could conveniently get down stairs; it was not prudent to tell it immediately, because the tea would have been scattered about the warehouse. They came and took him out of the warehouse, and desired him to strip, they searched him, and found the quantity of tea now produced: I was not present then. I gave the information to Mr. Hampshire, Mr. Kemble's clerk.
Why did not you discover it immediately my friend, there were men about that would have laid hold of him by the arm, and prevented him scattering it about?
I did according to my master's order.
You are a labourer at that place?
Yes.
These ten or a dozen men never saw it?
No; what I have sworn to I will abide by; the nearest was an old quaker, he was on the other side of me, he never saw it: I do not intend to be brow-beat.
It was very fortunate that you should see him?
Whether it was fortunate or unfortunate, it is not my fault; I was watching him in particular, I watched them all; I had a suspicion of another man, but I cannot tell another man's heart, it is out of my power. I came here to speak the truth; I do not wish to speak any more than the truth.
You are very clever?
I am not over and above clever, but I wish to be honest; and I wish you and every body else was so.
My friend, if you think this gives you any credit with the Jury, behaving so very impertinent, I wish you joy of it: but you do not behave with decency.
I am the warehouse keeper; I was told some tea was lost: I asked the prisoner if he had any tea about him, he said not. I had him searched, and his breeches were full; I ordered him to go to my office, and pull off his breeches, in which were two pounds and three quarters of tea, which is now in court.
Who do you live with?
I am warehouse keeper to the customs. I know the tea was brought out of the warehouses in the possession of Mr. Venn and Kemble for the captors, it is prize tea, for Commodore Johnson's squadron; the warehouses are private property, they are hired by Mr. Venn and Kemble till next January, as I have heard them declare.
I am innocent.
Can you ascertain the tea that was found in his breeches to be the same that was taken out of the chest?
I cannot.
