I live in Cockspur-street ; I am a linen-draper ; I remember the prisoner coming into my shop on Saturday the 24th of June, about eight in the evening; she came to buy a printed cotton gown; after looking at four or five different patterns, she fixed on a piece and had a gown off it; after she determined on that, she wanted a muslin apron; I shewed her the muslin; they were striped muslins; and she looked them over, and she at last fixed upon one piece for an apron; I was very particular in the muslins I laid down; and while her parcel was doing up I looked over them very attentively, and I missed a remnant of fine corded muslin; when the parcel was done up she desired it might be sent to a public house in the neighbourhood, and I would send there in an hour's time, and it should be paid for; I told her to pay for it then; she said she had not the money, but there would be a person there at that hour that would pay for it; she was going off, and I told her I had examined the muslins, and had missed a piece, and was apprehensive she had it; she denied it, and said I might search her if I pleased; I examined her pockets, she shewed me her right hand pocket, there was nothing in it but a handkerchief and two-pence half-penny; I desired she would
shew me her other pocket, she was rather unwilling, but however she shewed it me, and in this pocket there was the muslin concealed; I told her it was mine, she asked if I could swear to it, I told her I could, for the mark was on it; she asked me if there was no other muslin but what was my property; I told her there certainly was, but I could swear to this; then she said it was a sad thing to be guilty of stealing, and a deal of such like stuff as that; and I went to Mr. Hyde the Justice, and he committed her; I did not see her take it, nor did I suspect her; I thought she was a working man's wife with a child; there is my private mark upon it; I have the muslin in my pocket; this is the same I took out of her pocket; (Produced and deposed to.) My shop-man was in the shop, he is here; the mark is 8 yards 5/8; they are my young man's figures; I can swear to them; I am sure of them; the mark was put on when I took stock.
What quantity is there of it?
I believe two yards seven eights; it is worth about seven shillings, that is what it cost me.
I am shopman to the prosecutor; I remember the prisoner being in our shop but not of her coming in; I was in the shop when she was stopped, she denied having the muslin, I saw her searched, and the muslin taken out of her left hand pocket, I believe it was a remnant of corded muslin, I know the muslin very well, it was marked by myself, there is 8 5/8 at one end of it, and two seven eights on the other; it is my own marking, and I am sure it is my master's muslin, I can swear to it any where.
Did you see her take it?
No, it was in her possession before I came into the shop.
When had you seen this piece of muslin before you missed it?
I cannot swear to the time, for I saw it almost every day.
Had you seen it that day?
I cannot swear I had, I last saw it in the course of a day or two, I saw it that day when I shewed it her.
I know nothing of it.
How did it come into your pocket?
It was my own property, it was in my pocket before ever I came into that gentleman's shop, it was given to me when I came into London to make me an apron, my brother gave it me, I have a cap of the same.
How long before was it?
A fortnight before, my brother is gone to Guernsey.
I know nothing of the muslin; the prisoner lodged in my mother's house about three months, I never saw any harm by her in my life, she went out to work, she has no husband.
