I lodged at the house of Mr. Coster, in Bowes Farm, Edmonton ; in the morning of the 29th of September, I was informed by my servants, that the house had been broke open; when I came down stairs I found that the shutters of the back parlour window had been broke and forced open, where there appeared the marks of the foot-steps of people coming into the house; the door of the back parlour appeared to be wrenched open, and the box of the lock forced off: there were several closets appeared to be broke open; and every lock below stairs was broke and forced. I missed a great many things; and when these things were produced, they appeared to be my property. The first time I saw them again, was at justice Wilmot's, (except a pair of boots, which by the permission of Mr. Alderman Townsend, I took away; having nothing left but slippers this man having first made a mark in them, that he might know them;) I saw the boots at the Red-Lion, at Tottenham, about the middle of the day; this was the morning after that I heard they were at Tottenham, at the Red-Lion. I found the man belonging to the Red-Lion, he told me he could not deliver any thing without Mr. Alderman Townsend's authority. I went to the Alderman, and informed him of my situation, that I had nothing to wear but a pair of slippers; he went with me, and I got the boot.
Are you sure the boots so delivered to you, were your boots?
Certainly.
Had they been in the house the night before?
I had worn them the day before, I did not pull them off till eleven o'clock the night before; I delivered them to my servant.
What time in the morning was it that you first discovered this?
Between seven and eight.
Is there any other person that speaks as to the time of the house being broke open?
I believe not.
You are perfectly satisfied as to the identity of the boots?
Perfectly.
Do you know whether the house was fastened as to the outer fastenings?
I cannot tell as to the outer fastenings, being only a lodger; but a part of the window was forced open, and the tracks of feet from thence.
Where did you get these boots that you delivered to Mr. Finch, by order of Alderman Townsend?
They were in this bag with the other things.
What are you?
I am one of the Toll-men. A cart came up, about a quarter past three, as near as I can guess, on the Sunday mor ning, the 29th of September, at the Green-lanes turnpike, going up to Hornsey; it came there, and two people in the cart appeared at first; they asked me to take my toll, they gave me all bad half-pence, and I disputed them; then one of the guards that was along with me, wanted to examine the cart; (we have two guards every night, for the safety of the roads, ordered by the commissioners) they said they had nothing but a bag of linen, and they hoisted it out themselves, that was this bag; he took it into the house, the guard's name is Bond: then he desired me to take hold of it, and see it; I put in my hand, and the first thing I saw was a child's frock, and I said it would not do; and I went to the horse's head, and stopped the cart. There were four in the cart, I stopped them all: one drove it, and the other set by the side of him, and the other two were laying buried under some hay, so that I did not see them at first. The men behaved extremely civil, and wanted to come down; they all agreed to get down to see these things examined; and as soon as they were got down on the near side of the cart, they all ran away, just like as one may say, shot out of a gun. The guard run after them on the off side of the cart, and shot at them, but there were only three swan shot in his pistol; and they all got off.
Had you an opportunity to observe their persons, so as to know them again?
Not me.
They all got clear off then?
Yes.
Has that bag been in your possession ever since?
Yes.
Does it contain the same things that it did then?
Yes, to my knowledge; there is Mr. Finch's name within the boots, and a mark I can swear to, which I put myself.
The other things are the same that were in the bag?
To the best of my knowledge, I sealed it; I have no reason to think that any thing has been changed.
What may the value of these things be?
I valued them at 10 l.
Put a moderate and reasonable value on the things, there seems to be no reason why you should under value them?
The other things I am no judge of.
What other things are there?
Three muslin robes, I value them at one guinea and a half, they are worth more than that; here is another dimity robe, that is worth half a guinea.
Are any of the things marked Mr. Finch?
They are all stained with and wine, they were carried down into the country on purpose to be bleached, and I believe I saw them every day; I have not the smallest doubt of their being mine; there are three cotton gowns, I valued them at half a crown a piece; here are four frocks, value half a crown a piece, here are two skirts, value two shillings, an old pair of shoes which I know perfectly well.
I suppose you do not know them by any thing but the general appearance?
No.
You say it was a little after three that the cart passed the turnpike?
To the best of my knowledge I had just been up to look at the person's watch that was in the house.
It could not be more than a quarter past three?
I think not.
What sort of a night was it?
It was moon-light, but the moon was clouded, it rather rained.
Is not this turnpike eastward of Hornsey?
Yes, it is.
How far do you take it to be from Barnet, take it the nearest way you can, suppose a horseman to go it?
About six or seven miles.
You were the guard at this turnpike in the latter end of September?
Yes.
Do you remember this cart coming up to the gate; and stopping it?
Yes.
Had you an opportunity of observing any of the men, so as to know them again?
Yes.
Who did you observe, so as to know him again?
John Mutton by name.
Should you know him again if you saw him?
That is the man.
Are you sure that man was one of the four men?
He was the man that laid on the near side of the cart.
How long might they be with you?
Two minutes and a half, or thereabouts.
Did you speak to him at all?
No, I did not.
How long afterwards was it that you saw the prisoner again?
On the Monday week.
Where did you see him then?
At Mr. Wilmot's office.
Did you know him immediately?
I knew him the moment I saw him, there were a great many people there, and I picked out the prisoner immediately.
Could you in seeing a man, that you had never seen before, for about two minutes or a little more in a cloudy morning about three o'clock, observe his features so as to know him a week after?
I am sure he is the same person.
What opportunity had you to observe him?
I was quite close to him.
You have no doubt but he is the same person?
I am sure he is the same person.
Which side of the cart was you on do you say?
I was the near side of the cart; I was behind the cart when I saw the prisoner.
You did not speak to the prisoner?
No.
Nor he to you?
Not to my knowledge, there was a man spoke, but who it was I cannot tell.
Was any thing over the cart?
No Sir, the cart was quite open above.
Was the prisoner, as you say he is the person, was his face towards you, or only half his face?
He laid on his back, I had a full view of his face.
What conversation passed between you and the officers in Bow-street respecting the prisoner, before you went there?
They asked me if I was sure of the man.
Did they describe the person of the prisoner to you?
No Sir, they did not, I described the person to them.
What was the person you saw in the cart dressed in?
In a kind of great coat, the colour of that gentleman's coat.
You have seen many a man dressed in the stile the prisoner was in?
Yes.
Can you recollect so well, that you can take upon you to say he is the man?
I really think he is the man.
But you are not positive?
I am pretty positive.
My Lord, and gentlemen of the Jury, I was at Birmingham that very evening, and I was on the road all the night this robbery was laid to my charge; I subpoened the landlord of the house, and the coachman; but they say, they will not say any thing without I pay them five guineas a piece: please to hear me another word; Mr. Wilmot's clerk went to the men, and desired them not to say a word till I paid them the money.
You keep the White Swan, at Washwood-Heath, near Birmingham?
Yes.
Which side of Birmingham does that lay on?
On the London road, between Birmingham and Cole's-Hill.
Where was you on the 28th of September last, in the evening?
At home.
What reason have you for remembering any thing about the 28th of September, about that particular evening?
I was lame with the rheumatism, and I was at home the same day; I was taken very ill with the rheumatism on the Thursday night, I was confined till Monday.
What day of the week was the 28th?
On the Saturday.
Was the prisoner Mutton at your house on that evening?
I did not know his name, but I knew him when I saw him again.
Was the prisoner at the bar at your house that evening?
I know him him very well; he dined at my house on Saturday along with me, and supped in the evening: he dined with me on Friday and Saturday.
What time did he leave your house, and in what manner?
On Saturday evening, between seven and eight.
Was you present?
Yes; he went from my house in the London coach, that drives from the King's Head; I saw him get in and wished him a good evening.
How soon afterwards did you see this man?
Never till I came to London.
When was that?
I came on Tuesday night.
What brought you up to London?
I was subpoened on the prisoner's behalf.
Who subpoened you?
I do not know the man's name.
How came you to be subpoened?
I cannot tell that, I did not know any thing of the matter, till the man came into the house and subpoened me to appear.
What did he say to you, when he came to you?
He asked me how I did, and asked me to take or send a glass of gin to the coachman and guard that were on the coach; and told me he had a letter for me, he asked me whether my name was John or Joseph; he said here is a subpoena for you and a shilling.
Did not you ask him what the subpoena was for?
He said if you will look at the subpoena you will see.
Did you ask him how he came to subpoena you?
He was not in the house five minutes.
Have you got the subpoena?
No, I have not, I gave it to one Mr. Lawyer Lowe, and he wrote a letter to his agent in London, to know whether there was any such a man as John Mutton ; for I did not know that there was such a man as John Mutton by name.
How came the people to subpoena you, or to think that you knew any thing of the matter?
I cannot tell.
When did you go to look at this man?
I saw him to day through the bar, just now as I came.
Did not you see him before to-day?
Yes Sir, I saw him on Tuesday night; I went to Newgate, I knew him then very well by sight.
Did you say so?
Yes.
Had you had much conversation with this that dined at your house on those two days?
No, Sir.
Had you had any conversation at all with him?
I sat down to dine with him on Saturday.
How did he come to your house on Friday?
I believe on foot, he asked me what I had for dinner, and I told him.
What are you?
A coachman; I drive the Birmingham coach.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Do you recollect taking him up any where?
Yes; I took him up at the sign of the Swan, on Saturday evening, about half after seven.
What induces you to recollect that day? He paid for the fare, going down to Birmingham.
Did he go inside, or outside?
Outside.
How far did you carry him?
As far as Coventry.
Where did you set him down?
At the White Bear.
What o'clock might that be?
About eleven.
You are sure the prisoner is the person?
I am very sure of it.
Was he outside of the coach all way?
I put him in about six miles, because it was a little wet.
Did you consider him as an outside passenger?
Yes.
Are you sure that is the man?
I am very sure that is the man.
Had you any conversation with him on the coach-box?
No, Sir.
What Saturday was it?
The 28th of September.
How come you to remember that particular day?
By taking the money for the place.
Do you drive the coach every day?
Yes, every day between Coventry and Birmingham.
Do you remember the passengers that you brought on the Friday, the day before?
No, Sir.
Do you remember any of the passengers that you brought that day?
No, Sir; I cannot say I do.
Do you remember any of the passengers that you carried on the Monday?
No, Sir.
Then how came you to remember this particular man, on this particular day?
Because of his giving me the money on the road.
Did not the other passengers?
No.
You took him up not at the inn, but on the road?
Yes, Sir; at Mr. Orton's house; I recollect him because he paid his fare, when I was going to Birmingham, not for me to forget him at night, that is the reason I particularly recollect him.
Did you know him at all before?
Never before.
How came you here?
I came in a coach.
What brought you here?
I was subpoened.
When?
On Sunday last, at Coventry.
You did not know this man, or his name, or any thing about him before that time?
No, Sir.
When you came up to town, where did you go to?
To the Swan with Two Necks.
Did you go to look at this man any where?
Yes, Sir; in Newgate.
When?
On that night.
What night was it?
Tuesday night.
Did you know him again?
Yes, Sir.
Did you come up with Mr. Orton?
Yes, Sir.
Did you go together to Newgate?
Yes, Sir.
Who was present when you went to see this man in Newgate?
One of the keepers.
Was any body else with you?
There was Mr. Wilson that keeps the Swan with Two Necks, in Lad-lane.
You drove the coach?
Yes.
Where from and to?
Between Coventry and Stoney-Stratford.
Do you remember at any time taking the prisoner at the bar into your coach, or out of your coach?
Yes.
Where did you at any time carry the prisoner, from whence and to where?
The 28th of September John Statum brought him to me to Coventry, and I drove him to Stoney-Stratford.
What time did you take him up at Coventry?
Between ten and eleven; it is the same coach, we change coachmen there; I set him down at Stoney-Stratford, about six on the Sunday morning.
Did you drink with him at all on the way?
I do not know that I did, but he gave me a glass of brandy at Stoney, and 2 s. for driving him.
You are sure that is the man?
Yes.
And you set him down at six o'clock in the morning?
Yes.
When did you come to town?
On Tuesday, we all three came together.
Did you go with them to Newgate, to look at the prisoner?
Yes, the same evening.
Did you know him immediately?
Yes, I did know him.
You were present when these men came to look at the prisoner in Newgate?
Yes.
Relate as near as you can what conversation passed?
I did not hear any, I let them in.
Was any body present?
Not that I know.
Do you recollect any body?
There might be other prisoners; I let in three men.
Do you know Mr. Wilson, the master of the Swan with Two Necks, in Lad-lane, was he with them?
I cannot be certain.
It was only the 7th day of this month that I was committed; they could not forget me: the coach was not full, which made their memory the stronger.
