I did live at No. 21, Maiden-lane, Covent-garden , where I lived five years in the Staffordshire ware and glass-business ; I am now a prisoner in the Fleet; when I found myself in debt, I went down to Staffordshire to get a letter of licence; about a twelvemonth ago, being arrested, I knew I must go to prison; the prisoner, who is my brother, applied to me to get him a place; said I, William, you are fit for no place but a porter's place, you are no schollar; he said, as you are going to prison you must have somebody to take care of your business, and he offered himself for three shillings a week and his board, and his lodging; his wife was to go to service, and his child was to go with her; but being disappointed, she wanted a place to put her goods in; I hired a place at fifteen pounds a year, of Mr. Stephens; and there being three rooms on a floor, I let the prisoner the back room to put his goods in, and to lay there till she got a place; his wife and child have laid upon me at great expences for seven months, and he had six pounds in money; what he has asked for; I went to prison, and the prisoner has lately taken away my household goods from Bow-street, Govent-garden; he had not the use of them, and lately he insisted upon it they were his, and that he had bought them and paid for them; he removed his goods out of the room and took some of mine with him; after that, I brought an action of trover against him and another person that seized the goods; I thought he would return them, but he refused, and then they applied to my attorney to settle it by arbitration, to which I had no objection, provided I could have my goods again; and pending the arbitration there was a lock put upon the door; I had a day rule, and the door was locked, and afterwards it was broke open; on Monday the 30th of April last, I was informed the prisoner had taken away my goods, and I got a day rule; I came and stopped some of them; then I had a padlock put upon the door, and they were locked up till the 7th of May.
I do not find you feel the ties of nature very strong, but I hope you will feel those of truth; how often have you caused your brother to be arrested?
Never but this once.
Upon your oath, you never had him arrested but once?
Never.
Upon your oath, did you or did you not make a bill of sale for all this furniture?
I acknowledge I made a bill of sale, but he never had a bill of sale before in his hands.
Let the prisoner have a copy of the indictment.
