I live in Oxford-street; I have the care of the houses of Mr. Evelyn, and this was an empty house that he had to let; I was informed there were thieves in Mr. Evelyn's house; I went, and found they had taken a man to the watch-house for lifting a copper over the rails with a cord; I saw the copper there, and I found a copper was removed out of the brick work, and carried into the fore area, and the kitchen window open; we found nobody in the house, I did not see the prisoner till I saw him at the watch-house.
Was that the copper belonging to the house?
I have had it since fitted to the brick work, and I verily believe it was the copper.
When had you seen the copper there before?
I cannot charge my memory, my Lord; not for any considerable time I believe, the house being empty.
Were the marks of taking it out fresh?
Yes, my Lord, a great deal of mortar and smut, there was some iron work missing, but we did not find that.
Were the iron bars those that go under the copper?
I saw nothing of them, only that they were gone.
On Saturday evening the 5th instant, about eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner lotling over the pallisadoes, and his feet were upon what I call the flower of the pallisadoes, and his arms seemed to be pulling something; I said I did not think that he had any business there; I looked at him to see what he had in his hand, and I saw he was pulling up something; he said he was a poor miserable object, God bless you! Says I, damn you, you shall go to the watch-house; I gave him a jerk by the collar, and the cord slipped, and I saw the copper slip out of his hand, and he tumbled himself off the pallisadoes; I saw the cord in his hand, which was round the rim of the copper, he had got it just to the edge of the brick work; I thought at first it was the top of a water-tub, or something of that sort.
I am ballotted to go to Greenwich Hospital; I had been at Marybone; coming down where this man was coming, I saw something hanging on the pales; I thought it had been a large tub; I was so curious, I found it to be a large copper; I did not attempt to take it away; as to the iron bars, I never saw any: I am quite innocent.
Were there any iron bars loose in the place?
I did not see any.
When you charged him with it did he give you the same account?
No, my Lord.
When they searched me I had not a farthing in the world, and my poor wife in the workhouse.
