The deceased was my fellow servant ; he was coming in with his dray just by the King's-head, Kingsland; he was on the left hand coming to London; that was his proper side of the road; he was walking by his horses; he passed a great deal nearer on his left hand side than on the right hand side; there was room for a carriage to pass on each side; there was a timber cart followed him; the prisoner was with the timber cart, following him right in his track; the deceased stopped his dray near to the Bull; the prisoner said, d - n you what do you stop here for, and he answered I must stop here.
Did the deceased return the d - n to the prisoner?
No, Sir, he did not; the prisoner said, d - n your blood I will pull your wheel off; so do, says the deceased; then the prisoner came on the inside of our dray, on the left hand; the prisoner brought his horses from behind the dray to the left till he got past the dray; he turned his horses head towards the middle of the road; he said nothing but run over the deceased's head.
How did it happen?
Mr. Carpenter fell down, the wheel cut his shoe and broke his buckle, and threw him down; he fell down to the left and the wheel went over his head; I was on the off side of our dray and the prisoner was on the near side of his horses; he had three horses; I am a carter; I have been so above thirty years; I know the road well.
In one cart passing another that is before it, which is the usual and proper side to pass on?
When we are following a carriage, and there is a stoppage, our place is to turn to the right hand.
Are you sure of that?
Yes.
Leaving the carriage you pass on the left hand?
Yes.
This man passed to the left instead of the right?
Yes.
Had he any room to spare?
No great quantity.
When he had got past the cart he was then close to the left hand side of the road?
Yes.
Then was it not necessary for him to turn his horses to the right, to get into a proper part of the road again?
Certainly.
Do you think he saw where Carpenter was at the time he turned his horses to the right, from your judgment where you stood?
I do not know he did, nor I cannot say he did not.
As well as you could observe at the time did it appear to you that he intended to drive against the horses, or his cart against the man?
No, Sir; I do not think so, I think that when he said d - n your blood I will pull your wheel off, I take it he intended to hit the wheel, but not the man; the prisoner did not look back, he went on, I followed him and brought him back; I said to him, do you see what you have done here, says I, you have done wilful murder; and he made me answer, it was an accident.
Do you believe he had seen him till you spoke to him?
I do not know whether he had or not.
You have no reason to believe he did see him before?
I do not know, the poor man never spoke nor stirred.
I saw the dray standing on the other side of the road, and this timber cart came forward, and the driver said d - n you, what do you stand there for, why do not you move your dray? he said he would not; then the prisoner said, I will pull your wheel off; the deceased said do; and I saw him fall, and saw the wheel go over him.
Can you tell whether the prisoner was at the foremost horse or the hindmost-horse?
The deceased was at the foremost horse; I cannot tell which of the horses the prisoner was at, there were two horses in the dray.
This man crossed his dray upon me, and I could not get off to turn another way with my cart; I said I shall catch your wheel; he said never mind; then, says I, take care of yourself; I did not know I had touched the man till I had got past.
I was within six yards at the time this accident passed.
Relate all that you saw, mind to speak the truth, and be as distinct as you can?
The first I saw was the prisoner coming on the proper side of the way, that is the left side, the dray came across upon him, then the deceased stopped, and the other stopped, the dray stopt first.
When the dray stopped, whereabouts was the foremost of the three horses of the cart?
Close up at the back of the dray, as near as possible; the prisoner said d - n me what did you stop here for, get out of the way, and he said he would not; then he said if he did not get out of the way he would pull his wheel off; the man fell down about eighteen inches before the wheel, how he was thrown down I cannot tell, I did not see any thing hurt him.
The prisoner is my father, I was with him, we was coming in the track on the right side of the way, and the drayman crossed over against us, says my father, what did you cross over so for, there is room enough, draw off; says the drayman, I shall not; says my father, I shall pull your wheel off; and the drayman went to do something to his horse's head, and he turned his head, and gave the man a knock, and knocked him down, and the wheel went over him, I was sitting on the cart.
Which of the horses was it?
The first horse, my father was at the hind horse; I am sure the man was down first before the wheel went over him; I called out to my father, and said whoy, and my father stopped the cart as fast as he could.
Do you think your father could see what happened before you called him?
No, Sir; he was looking forward before him, he had got hold of the horses heads.
The prisoner is my servant, I have always found him a good diligent and careful servant, and careful in driving; I was not present at the accident, I have seen the place, I have talked to him a good deal, and pretty severely; I spoke pretty sharp, he always appeared very civil; I always thought him a good kind of man, and always employed him when I wanted, on account of his family.
I hope the unfortunate death, of which you have been the cause, will make a proper impression on your mind, and that you will be careful of your future conduct.
