been robbed for many months, of silk, the property of my master, I have worked for him fourteen years; we frequently complained of being robbed; we were afraid of being turned out of work; my master told me I must find out the person, accordingly we were upon the watch, and listened night and day, and could detect nobody; I suspected it must be by a person entering by a false key; still we kept watching, and losing, the full bobbins taken away, and empty ones put in the room; at last I fixed a weight over the shop door, it had been fixed three nights, and then the prisoner came and unlocked the shop door; then the stone fell down stairs; and I took the candle and run up stairs, this was on the 6th of March, about eight in the evening, before I could get up stairs he had got inside the work shop, and locked himself in; I immediately called for a poker to be brought up from the kitchen, which was on the ground floor; the street door was not locked or bolted; I called for some assistance, and in the mean time, he had drawn his key out of the shop door, and had run up into the garret; the garret stairs came down into the shop; then I went into the shop, and could find nobody; and behind the garret door I found the prisoner.
He had taken nothing?
We followed him up so close that he had not an opportunity.
Did you know him before?
Yes, he had worked in the house before, for a year and a half.
How many keys have you to the shop door?
I had two, but he had none, there was a key found on him by the officer.
I searched the prisoner, and found this key upon him, it was not like the gentleman's key, but it locked and unlocked the door compleatly.
Is this house all your own, or is it let out in tenements?
I let the first floor out.
My Lord, I worked for the gentleman near upon two years, and he always gave me a very good character, and then I came home, and that night that I went up into the shop I was very much in liquor, I went to see a young man that was come from sea, and I thought the young man was at work, that did work there, when I worked in it; I opened the door, and found him not there, I run up into the garret thinking he was gone up to make his bed, which he did the last thing after he had done work.
For what purpose did you go into the shop, with a key of your own.
My Lord, I did not know it would open the shop.
I was in the shop last of all, I went up stairs to the garret, and made my bed at Mr. Hatch's house, where I have worked five or six years; the next morning I found two empty bobbins under the bed, I locked the door being last up, and put the stone up; and then I came over after, to assist in taking the prisoner; we went up into the garret, and found him; I found these two empty bobbins under the bed, which had our master's name on them.
Gentlemen the crime of burglary which is here charged upon the prisoner, consists, either in breaking into a house and actually stealing or breaking into a house with intention to steal; and whether the party has that intention or not is to be collected from the circumstances given before you in evidence, the entering by a false key is as much a breaking, as if he had broke the door all to pieces; this offence must be made out in all its circumstances, in order to constitute a crime at all, being burglary, with intent to steal; the question is, whether he broke into this room in the night time, and it will be a
burglary, or not, acording to the intention and view, with which he did it, if he did it with an intention to steal, then it is burglary; it is a case which certainly borders very much upon the point where the offence of burglary begins, and were it one step within, it would not be burglary: It is an offence of a serious nature to the master of this house, for perhaps these kind of burglaries are more serious than those that are more violent; and the extent of the mischief of those more violent ones, is very often much less considerable.
