I am a tobacconist in Oxford-road . On Monday evening the 22d of January I brought home three five-shilling papers of old half-pence; being particularly good I gave orders that they should be put on one side in the shop, which they were. I went out for about five minutes; when I returned the prisoner was in custody in the shop. A few minutes after two of Sir John Fielding 's men came in and knew the prisoner, and asked him how he could do such a thing?
Did you not, after the alarm, say, you knew nothing of the halfpence; that they were made up in your absence?
I had the halfpence put by for a particular person who was to come out of the city for them.
On the 22d of Jan. between eight and nine o'clock, as I was going along Oxford-road, I saw the prisoner in Mr. Litzter's shop; there were three paper parcels of halfpence in the window behind the counter. I saw the prisoner take them up singly and secrete them; he put them as if putting them in his pocket. There was no person in the shop at the time. I called to the prosecutor's wife, who was in the parlour; that alarmed the prisoner, upon which he laid the three papers down at the farther end of the counter. The prosecutor's wife came into the shop and laid hold of him; I came up to her and told her I had seen him take the three parcels out of the window; the prisoner said he wondered I should stop him, that he came into the shop to purchase some tobacco and was waiting to be served; Justice Welch's man came in, and the prisoner was taken into custody; he was searched to see if he had any thing else.
Where were the halfpence?
On a ledge behind the counter, so far that no person could reach them over the counter.
I was coming along Oxford-road; I went into the shop to enquire for some tobacco; there was an out-cry at the door; a person went by a short time after, that man came in and said he saw me take the halfpence; they sent for the constable and searched me for the halfpence. While they were searching me, the woman lifted up a brown linen bag and found the halfpence. My friends
were here all day yesterday; I have no friends here now but your worthy lordship and God Almighty.
