On the 13th of February, the prisoner came and another to our house, the Bedford Coffee-house, Covent-garden , and called for two dishes of coffee, about three o'clock or about a quarter of an hour after that, he asked what he should have for dinner, we gave him the bill of fare, and he ordered beef stakes; I laid the cloth, and put one spoon on the table, I missed it soon, I put three more on the table and told my master I missed one of them, when they had done, the other waiter went and took the cloth away and missed one of those, I told my master I had missed them, and accused
the gentlemen with them, I looked under the table, I said they must have them, there were no other persons in the box, a constable was sent for, and the spoons were found in the prisoner's boots, one in each boot.
He came in about a quarter past three, I told my master when I missed it, he told me to take no notice of it directly.
After you missed the spoon, you were content to put down three more?
I did, sir.
You don't know as to the other spoon, the other waiter might take it away?
The other waiter saw me put three on the table, he went to take the cloth and missed one of the last three; when the constable came the cloth was not removed nor the prisoner gone, and the other was sitting down at the table; my master asked them to go into a private room and be searched there, the constable could not find it, I said it might be in his boots, they were taken off and the spoons dropped out.
As soon as your suspicion took place, you endeavoured to get him took into custody?
My master sent for him, he came in eight or ten minutes, I had my eye upon them so as to see they did not make off.
I was sent for to the Bedford Coffee-house on Ash Wednesday, about the charge against the prisoner at the bar, I searched him, at first I found nothing, the waiter came up, and said, have you made a thorough search, I said, yes, he said, have you searched his boots, I pulled the boot off, it came out, I said he has another if not two, he said he had not got two but one more; he produced the spoons, Brooks-bank deposed them.
I had been drinking and was in a state of insensibility, I had been drinking all the night before.
I have known the prisoner from the year 1765 to 1774, intimately acquainted with him, he is the son of a very respectable man, I never heard any harm of him before this time.
I have known the prisoner in Ireland, who lodged at my house since Christmas-day last, he behaved very well till this affair, he is the son of a very respectable man in Ireland, I never heard any thing amiss of him till this misfortune.
