As I was coming along Piccadilly from a days work, between eleven and twelve at night, upon Wednesday the 5th of this month the prisoner laid hold of my shoulder, swore an oath, called me a bitch, and bid me deliver my money; in my fright I turned round and said Thomas Mabett I know you; I told him where I lived and who I belonged to; he swore an oath and then left me.
How long have you known him?
About six or eight weeks; I have not lived in that place longer.
Where does he live?
In a court there.
What is he?
I have seen him at the horse trough watering his horses.
What acquaintance had you with him?
None further than seeing him backwards and forwards and crying potatoes the corner of Carnaby Market; I have had no acquaintance with him at all.
He did not say any thing when he laid hold of your shoulder?
No; he swore another oath when I called him by his name and told him who I was, and called me a bitch and went away.
Did he seem drunk or sober or how?
In my fright I cannot tell; he did not look much like a drunken man.
From the prisoner. Please to ask her whether she did not drink with me at a publick house?
No; I can bring a witness where I was at work.
Had you been in company with him?
Never in my life.
Did you stop at any public house, or at the door of any public house?
No; I did not; I had been at work, I go a charing at gentlemen's houses; I had been that day at Mr. Bull's at Carnaby Market.
How came you to be out so late?
My mistress had somebody from the country she went out with, and therefore I could not finish the washing so soon or else I am never so late.
My wife came home much frightened very near upon twelve o'clock.
Do you know any more of this affair?
No.
I am a constable; I had a warrant to apprehend the prisoner; Jones and I apprehended him; we brought him in a coach; he cried very much in the coach, and said he believed he should be done this time.
I am as innocent of the affair as any child in the world is; I stopped at the Red Lion in Piccadilly and remember seeing a woman there having a pot of beer at the door.
To the prosecutrix. Was there any watchman near?
I saw none.
Did you call for assistance?
I did not in my fright.
Was there nobody passing along?
No; it was almost the dead time of the night.
That is a time when many people are passing in that part of the town?
I did not see any body at all, nor did not mention it to any body till I got home.
She lodges with my wife's mother; it is a piece of spite.
She is not his wife, he lives with this woman's daughter; he lodges in Colling's Court, I lodge in Park-lane.
I have known the prisoner seven or eight years; he keeps a horse and cart and gets his bread in that manner; he has been a lodger of mine two years; I never saw any thing but what was right of him in my life, he always behaved well.
I am an harness worker; I have known the prisoner a dozen or fourteen years; he was always an honest just lad as any I ever knew; I would take him into my house and trust him with every shilling I have in the world untold.
I keep a public house; I have known the prisoner above two years; I never heard any thing of the kind of him; I do not know a great deal of him, only his using my house; he always behaved very well in my house.
I have known the prisoner twelve years; he was an honest just young man, and worked hard for his bread.
