I am a publican in Old Gravel-lane . On the 14th of August, between four and five in the afternoon I was alone in my bar; I had seen this money and the pocket-book two or three hours before in the desk in my parlour, into which you go through the tap-room; the prisoner Watson and another man came into my house, after four o'clock, and called for sixpenny worth of something to drink; they went into the parlour where the desk was. I saw them shut the door. I was angry at that, and asked why they shut the door, and sent to have it opened; the boy went and opened it; they shut it again. I sent the girl to open it, one of them was standing with his back against the door; they soon after paid for the liquor and went away. I had carried them some pens, ink, and paper, into the room. In two or three minutes after they went away I was told I had been robbed. I went directly to the desk and missed the pocket-book and five guineas; I always locked the desk; and it appeared to be locked when I missed my money; I suppose it must have been unlocked; they might stay in the room half an hour. I am sure no one else was in the room after the time I saw my pocket-book and the five guineas. I was in the house all the time myself, it is not usual for company to go into that room, but they got in, I hardly know how.
I was sitting in the tap-room when the prisoner and another came in; they called for liquor and went into the parlour and shut the door; upon Anderson's saying he was robbed I pursued them. I saw them about five minutes afterwards in a court. I saw one of them holding up a piece of paper; after that I saw one of them with a pocket-book in his hand, which had it I cannot tell, but they were both looking at the pocket-book. One said to the other, while they were examining the pocket-book, there is nothing in this pocketbook of any consequence. I applied to several people to assist me; just as I seised them one threw down the pocket-book, but which of them I cannot tell.
I saw the last witness come up. He said they had robbed his landlord; they put their back against the doctor's rails, and that moment I saw the pocket-book drop between them; the Doctor picked up the book and I picked up a letter, which fell out of it, and gave it to him to put into it.
I am an headborough. The prisoner was brought to me; the other man had made his escape. I searched the prisoner and found nine guineas in his breeches pocket, and in his waistcoat pocket I found this bunch of picklock keys (producing them.)
It is my pocket-book.
The pocket-book the two men held up and were looking at was a black pocket-book.
I believe this to be the same pocket-book the Doctor picked up.
Among the nine guineas there is one I can swear to; there are two black marks upon the reverse side.
I am intirely innocent of it.
