Look at that bank note, do you recollect it?
Yes, Sir; there is my hand-writing to it, there is my name on it; January the 15th I put it into the post-office in a letter, directed to Mr. Thomas Tranter , Preston, in Lancashire; that letter I put in on the 15th of January, with the very note in it.
I sort the letters for the Chester mail, and put them into the bag; I put this into the Chester bag, and delivered them to my assistant Frederick Henry Smith .
I am employed in the Post-office; I remember the bag being made up the 15th.
From whom did you receive it?
From Mr. Potts, I tied the bag of the Chester mail.
To whom did you deliver it?
I delivered it to be sealed, and from thence I gave it to the post boy of that night.
Do you know what bags were contained in that large parcel that were so sealed?
Yes; there were the Coventry, the Wellingborough, the Ockham, Melton, Mowbray, Wooburn, Towcester, and Loughborough.
Were those bags there?
Yes; there was a separate bag for the Preston.
Were the Wooburn and Towcester bags in it?
Yes.
And the Loughborough?
Yes.
Was that the post-boy ?
Yes.
What time did you set out with the bags from the Post-office?
About a quarter past three, upon the 16th.
How far had you gone before you met any body?
About the five or six mile-stone beyond the Highway; there a tall man came up to me as I was travelling down the hill, he damned me and swore very much at me, I said hallo mate, it is the mail, says he, that is what we want, then two more men came up, and knocked me out of the cart, and took my whip from me; they drove the horses up the, they turned out of the way into a field, at the distance of half a mile, or three quarters of a mile, from the road, they opened the cart and took the bags out.
Were the three men all together then?
Yes, sir.
What became of you all the time?
The short man stood over me with a cutlass in his hand, he lead me by the collar after the carriage; when they had taken out the bags, they asked me if I knew the best, I said, I knew no more about them than they did; after they had thrown all the bags and mails out, but one, they throwed me up in the cart, I begged of them not to kill me, they said they would not; the short man took a handkerchief and tied my hands behind me, and shoved my legs in, and put the iron bar across them.
They shut you in?
Yes; they said they would take the smallest bags, I heard a chaise drive up upon the side of the cart.
Did you hear nothing said?
No; I believed it was a one-horse chaise, and when I came to Holloway turnpike, the man told me it was a one-horse chaise; I don't recollect hearing them say any thing about it; I came back, as soon as I was able, to the post office.
Are you able to form any recollection of the person of either of these three men?
Yes, Sir.
Look at the prisoner at the bar?
Yes; he is one, Sir.
Are you able to speak with any certainty, belief, or recollection?
I speak the real sentiments of my heart; it is my real belief.
Was it in the field they put you into the carriage?
Yes.
How long did they keep you there?
They left me in the cart in the field, with my hands tied; I was in the cart pretty near three hours after they left me.
Did you see the one-horse chaise at all?
No.
When you speak of a one-horse chaise, it is only from the noise of it you suppose it to be so?
Yes, Sir.
Was any thing said about a chaise by any of them?
No, there was not; one said they would take the bags one at a time, and the other said go fetch it here.
What was the expression?
They said they were going to carry the bags one at a time, one of the men said go fetch it here; they did not mention what it was.
How soon after that did you hear any thing?
I heard them loading the chaise, when I was in the inside of the carriage, laying upon my face.
How soon did they come after the expression, go fetch it there?
I believe they came about three or four minutes after they put me into the cart, I saw nothing.
Was it a dark night?
No; it was a bright star light night.
Is this the short man that had the cutlass?
No.
At what place and time had you an opportunity of observing this man?
While they were robbing the cart; I stood looking at them all the while.
Had they any disguise over them?
No; only the short man had a handkerchief over his face that stopped me first, the other men had nothing over their faces at all.
Had you any opportunity of observing either of the others till you got into the field?
No.
It was in the field you observed them all?
Yes.
Did the short man keep on his handkerchief?
Yes; he never pulled it off at all, till he pulled it off from his face to tie my hands behind me.
Did you observe the dress of the two men?
They had got a brown surtout coat on.
Each of them?
No; one was without one.
Which had the great coat?
This man.
How near did you stand?
I stood just by the horses heads.
How near was the prisoner?
I suppose it was the distance of three or four yards.
Were they at the cart?
Yes.
How long had you an opportunity of observing them then?
All the while they were cutting the mails open, which was pretty nigh ten minutes.
Which was it you spoke to when you desired they would not kill you?
It was the two biggest, this man and the other; that wanted to kill me, the little man said no, he would spill no blood.
Were there any thing particular in his dress or appearance that struck you, besides having a great coat?
Yes; I knowed him by his voice, he talked so much of the brogue.
What, the prisoner?
Yes.
Upon the whole, do you take upon yourself to swear the prisoner was one of the men?
Yes.
I will ask him, he says he knowed me by particular marks, what marks is in my face he can know me by; can he know me by my speech among four, five, or six men.
Have you never met with other people that have the same brogue as he has?
No, Sir.
Are you sure you could distinguish his voice from any other person?
Yes, Sir.
I went to Mr. Newman to receive seven bags from him, those bags had been sent from the Post-Office the night before.
I live with Mr. John Chambers , stable-keeper, in Peter's-lane; I know the prisoner at the bar, I saw him the day before, he had a saddle horse on the Monday, a horse and chaise on the Tuesday, about three o'clock, they took it and went up St. John's-street, towards Highgate, were to return that night but did not, he never returned it, a man brought it home the next day.
He had hired horses before?
Yes.
I am a stable-keeper, live in St. John's-street, I saw my horse and chaise in Newgate-street; on the Saturday night I let him a horse, and on the Monday my servant lent him another; I don't know that my horse and chaise was let to the prisoner, but the chaise at Mr. Newman's door was my chaise;
I live in Chick-lane, the prisoner came to me on Monday after the mail was robbed, I saw him again the Wednesday after, the 16th, he asked me if I wanted to buy any Bank-notes, it is a commodity I deal in, he had two notes, and asked me for some money, said he would bring more notes, came again with more notes, and wanted to sell them, I went to Mr. Lion about it, Mr. Lion advised, the best way was to go and apprehend him.
Did you give information to Mr. Lion?
Yes; I then sent for Mr. Clark who came and took him.
Did Clark come by appointment to your house?
Yes.
Was this upon the Thursday evening?
Yes.
Did the prisoner come with any notes upon the Thursday?
Yes; he said he had three ten pound notes.
Had you any note of him that evening?
He left a ten pound note, and a thirty pound.
Did you make any mark upon the thirty pound note, so as to know it again?
Yes.
Is that the note?
Yes.
Who did you give it to?
To Mr. Clark; when he came on Wednesday I asked how he got the notes, he said he robbed the mail.
Did he tell you so?
Yes.
Had you been intimate with him before?
Never before; he came in to buy a pair of gloves, and asked me to buy this watch, I did not buy it, it was the Sunday night, he asked eight guineas for the watch.
What he says is quite false, the man has been cast and convicted of perjury here, and flogged in the yard, and fined, and in Newgate at the time of the riot, and he got out then, he is the man I hired the horse and chaise for of Mr. Chambers on Sunday morning at two o'clock, he and one Mr. Lions had a horse and chaise at Old-street road.
Did he never hire a horse and chaise for you?
No; I know nothing at all of that.
This chaise was not hired for you?
No, my lord.
I should be glad to know whether that note is the same, and how he knows it?
I put my mark upon it.
Point it out to the jury?
It is this mark in Hebrew characters.
What day did you go to Gabriel's house in Chick-lane?
The 17th of last month; I went there with an intent to say I came to buy bank notes; I went to secure the prisoner, Mr. Clarke had been waiting
some time in the place; Gabriel called upon me on Wednesday night late, and told me a man called upon him that had some bank notes to sell, taken out of the mail; I told him I would have nothing to do with them, the only way would be to take the notes and the man; when I went, the prisoner was there.
Was any thing produced by the prisoner to Gabriel and his wife?
There were two notes produced, he said belonged to him.
Produced by the prisoner?
Yes; he left them when he went away for the rest.
What were the notes, do you know the value of them?
The one was 10 l. the other 30 l.
Did you put any mark upon them?
No; he went to fetch the remainder of the notes, he said he had 370 l. he had four tens, a thirty, and one of 300 l. and several country bills, and upon this he went to fetch them all.
There was one of 300 l.?
Yes; upon coming back he was apprehended.
Did he bring any other notes with him?
I don't know whether Mr. Clark found any other upon him, I went to the place where they struggled, and took him; Mr. Clark lost a silver buckle, I picked it up and gave it him.
I had the notes of Gabriel and another man, one from Gabriel, another from Mr. Lion, and another from a Mr. Nicholls that was there.
Had he any notes from you?
I never saw the man before.
Did you receive information from either of those witnesses respecting some Banknotes?
I did; in consequence of that I attended, and went to Mr. Chambers, and he was not at home, I left word for him to meet me at the Half-moon public-house in Smithfield, where I had appointed this man to be, and to give me notice when this man came with the notes; just as Mr. Perkins came in I was looking through the window towards Gabriel's, Mr. Prothero was with me, we saw them and went after them in Chick-lane, we took the prisoner into custody, we brought him to the public-house where Mr. Perkins was, we found upon him three ten pound Bank-notes.
Are those the notes?
Yes; they are the three notes I found upon him.
How near was he to Gabriel's house when you took him?
I suppose within about twenty yards going that way.
Shew me the 30 l. note.
Was that note delivered to you, Mr. Clark?
The two notes, one of 10 l. the other of 30 l. were brought to me by Gabriel, soon after they were taken from the prisoner.
They are the two notes you received from Gabriel, the one of 10 l. the other of 30 l.?
Yes.
Upon the Saturday before I was taken for this affair I am accused of, I was coming along Chick-lane for Smithfield, I saw Gabriel and another man standing at the door, and seeing me come past they knowed me, having seen me several times in the house before, and I drank tea and dined with him several days; they called to me, and Gabriel said, he was going to visit a gentleman as far as Edmonton, he had been to a stable-keeper for a horse but could get none, I said, have you been down to Chamber's for one, he said, no, but he would be obliged to me to go and ask for a single horse; I went and asked Mr. Chambers for a horse; he said I should have one, he told me to go and tell him it was for a gentleman along with him, whose name was Nicholls, he said he lived in Giltspur-street; I asked for a horse in the gentleman's name, I had it, and went to Gabriel and gave it him, he went he said to Edmonton.
In whose name did he say he got the horse in?
One Mr. Nicholls; he told me the gentleman was in company with him whose name was Nicholls, and he begged of me to come down about seven o'clock to his house, if I was at home, and take the horse back and deliver it; I came about seven o'clock, he came about a quarter
after seven, with the horse back to the door, he gave me the horse by the bridle, I took the horse down to Chambers, and gave it to the stable keeper, he said the horse has been rode hard, I said I don't know any thing of that, he desired me to tell Chambers his business was not done, he said he wanted the horse again on Monday; it might be between two and four, I went to his house again, he told me to go to Chambers to ask for the horse again, that he was going to the same place, his business was not done; I went to get a chesnut horse for him on the Monday of Chambers, he took it away, and said he was going to the same place he had been upon the Saturday, I was in his house for above two hours after he went away, his wife begged of me to come back that night to carry the horse home, I did, I came there about six o'clock at night, I stopped in the house about three hours, towards nine o'clock he came home with it, and I took him home again, he desired I would tell Chambers he would have the horse and chaise the next day, the horse has tumbled with me, says he, and liked to kill me, says he, I will go in the chaise, and not a horseback, it was frosty weather, he was afraid the horse would fall; I went upon the Tuesday and asked for the horse and chaise, Gabriel gave me the money to pay for it, I went for it, he told me to drive the horse and chaise to Old-street, I went with the horse and chaise to Old-street, and I met him and Mr. Lion, Lion took the horse by the bridle, and Gabriel came to me, and said, will you go to my house, and tell them from me, not to expect me home to night; I went back and told his wife accordingly what he said, I went home, and about eight o'clock I came out and went to a relation of mine at Blackwall, I staid there till about ten o'clock, went to Gabriel's and came home about twelve or one o'clock, there was a light in Gabriel's windows, and I called, and asked if Mr. Gabriel was come home, and his wife said, no; I went back to where I was before, I got up about seven in the morning, and I came out the same day again about twelve o'clock, and I heard of this horse and chaise being found, of Mr. Chambers's, in Newgate-street, without any body in it, I went to Gabriel's house, I said to him, the horse and chaise I hired for you of Chambers, was found in Newgate-street with some of the mail-bags in it, that was robbed this morning, and he begged of me to say nothing, I said, what must I do, I said, I was liable to be taken, and charged with it, and die for it, by obliging you with hiring the horse and chaise for you, he said you need not mind that, go to my house, you need not go home, there is nobody knows you but Chambers and his servants, that was Gabriel told me so, not to go home, I should lay in his house.
I understand you said you went to Chambers's, after you said you found out the horse and chaise was found?
No; to Gabriel's, and told him I should be liable to be taken.
You did not go to Chambers, to tell him the horse and chaise was in Newgate-street?
No; but I went and told Gabriel of it in his house, he begged of me to stay in his house and not go out, and somebody would make me a present at night; I staid all day, dined there, at night Mr. Lion came, and another gentleman, in a brown surtout coat, black coat under, and a green velvet waistcoat; I was going home, they said no, I will tell you what to do, be led by us, we will take care nothing shall happen to you; there is a ship, I can't recollect the name of the place or the port where she came from; he said there was a Swedish ship going to Swedeland, I should go in it, Mr. Lion could have the choice of it, and would go down with me, he said he would engage in a thousand pounds value I should be able to set off to Swedeland; says he, we will give him some money, Gabriel called for his wife, and his wife gave me six guineas, and then I was going home, they said no, I need not go home if I was afraid of being taken; I said, I lay in great danger in hiring the chaise of Chambers, they said, no, we will give you a 10 l. Bank-note a piece; Gabriel, and Lions, and the other man was along with him that passed for Mr. Nicholls, they gave
me each a 10 l. note a piece, I said I would go home, as the woman I lived with was very bad, I would go and see how she was; in the mean time, while I was gone to see her, they went out and brought justice Wright's men with them, in coming back I met them in Smithfield.
Did Gabriel and his wife each of them give you a ten pound note?
No; Gabriel, and Mr. Lion, and a gentleman that passed for the name of Nicholls, that lived in Giltspur-street, a japanner, in the meantime I was gone, they got justice Wright's men, and I met Solomon Gabriel and Mr. Lion walking in Smithfield, I said, where have you been, you will get me in trouble, for you have got some of these notes; as we were going on, Gabriel stopped behind, and Mr. Lion went on in Chick-lane, he stopped and made water against a wall, they got against the public-house, and sent the men out after me, some of the men catched hold of me, Mr. Lion ran away from the lane, Mr. Clark said, ah, you dog, what man is that who went away from you, we will have him bye and bye; that was the man Lion that walked down the lane with me. That is the whole, I was taken and searched, and these notes were found upon me.
Was Lion there when you apprehended the prisoner?
He was walking along side of him.
Did he run away?
No, sir, a scuffle ensued, Mr. Prothero got hold of him, he struck him, and he got away from him, and I took hold of him, he struck at me, Lion stopped behind, I lost one of my buckles in the scuffle, and he brought it to me.
Were you in the way when the prisoner came back with the horse on Saturday or the Monday before?
No, sir, I was not in the way either time when he came home with it.
Were you in the way when he brought back the horse two days before?
I was just coming to our gate as he delivered the mare in upon the Saturday night between eight and nine; he seemed to be very dirty, he had no boots to the best of my remembrance, there were two men talking just about three or four yards from the gate, he went and talked to them, this was Saturday night after he had the grey mare, he told me he lived with Nicholls, in Giltspur-street, the japanner, I knew Nicholls very well, he said it was for himself, he was going to Guildford upon Mr. Nicholls's business, he first said Guildford, I said to him, I suppose you are mistaken, it is Ilford you mean, he said, yes; he said he should want one on Monday, he came on Monday, I lent him a chesnut: horse on Monday, he came first and bespoke it, and came in half an hour after for it.
How did he appear on Saturday night?
He was very dirty, and the mare had been rode fast, he was very dirty about the legs, I said when he came back, you have almost killed the horse, you have rode hard, no, says he, I did not, I only just rode her to the other side of Islington turnpike.
Did you see him when he came back upon the Monday night?
No; I did not.
I have no witnesses to call, I am quite a stranger in London, I have none to my character.
