I am a labourer at the Tower . On the 30th of April, between four and five in the afternoon, I happened to be looking about, and I saw a bag lie near the storehouse, under the carriage of a cannon. I took it up and shook it, and a pillow-case fell out, and there was something like the dust of salt in it. I called Dale: he said it was salt-petre; he took it to where Mr. Horton and another man were at work. Mr. Horton is the cheque-master of the works. John Dale brought it down to me again, and desired me to put it in the same place, which I did.
I am a labourer in the Tower. On Tuesday, the 30th of April, I carried the bag to Mr. Horton; he desired me to take it back, and put it in the same place where I first saw it, which I did; I saw it no more till the next day, when I saw it sealed up at Mr. Horton's, with the saltpetre in it.
Did you observe the bag, so as to know that it was the same you saw afterwards?
Yes, there was a darn in the side of it, which I took particular notice of.
I am a labourer in the Tower. On the 30th of April, about ten minutes after eight o'clock, I met the prisoner with the bag on his back; Mr. Horton sent me to watch it; I went up to him, and asked him what he had got there; he said he did not know; he said he picked it up upon the broad walk. I laid hold of his collar, and took him and the bag to my master's house; I saw the bag opened, there was saltpetre in it.
I am assistant to the store-keeper. This bag was brought to me, on the 30th of April, about four in the afternoon, by John Dale and Walter Little . I examined the bag, and took particular notice of it; it was a different bag to what we use for saltpetre, and had a particular darn upon it. I directed them to put it in the place where they found it, having no doubt but somebody would come for it: it was carried there; I afterwards saw it there. About eight o'clock, I was informed they had got a man with some saltpetre. I went, and saw it was the prisoner. I asked him how he came by it; he said he found it by a bundle of hemp, which was about 200 yards from where the bag was concealed. I went and examined the warehouse; the window was broke: there are bars to the window, that would not admit the whole bag to be taken out; the bags were lying against the bars, three of them were cut, and the saltpetre taken out.
Whose property was it?
The King's. I am sure this is the bag I had first seen; we knew of four bags being lost; they weigh about a hundred and a quarter each bag; it was worth about 5 l. a hundred: this man had been employed, and knew the saltpetre was deposited in this place.
I was going home to my barrack: I stopped to make water against some old ropes that were by the warehouse, and found this bag, took it up to carry to my barracks, to shew it to my comrades. This man came and laid hold of me, and asked me what I had got; I said I did not know, I was going to my barrack to see that.
