I am fifteen the 15th of this month; a man stopped me, and snatched the bundle from me as I was going home to No. 2, in Union-street; this happened the corner of Newton-street, in Holborn ; I had a handkerchief with six pounds of butter, over my shoulder; my mother was behind; it was this day week when he came and snatched the bundle; I was rather frightened; he came behind me and shook it from my shoulder; he gave it a shake like.
Did he lay hold of it, or what did he do?
He laid hold of it and shook it, and then snatched it from me, out of my hand.
Did he do any thing to you?
No farther than snatching the bundle.
He offered no other violence to you?
No.
Did he say any thing to you?
No.
What did you do when he snatched it away?
He ran away, and I ran after him.
Did you overtake him?
No, he ran up a gateway; the first turning.
Did he get off altogether?
Yes, he got away, and ran into a yard, and got under some staircase; he was taken directly; I do not know who the man was that snatched it; I did not see him any farther than his back.
Who gave you this bundle to carry?
My mamma.
I was getting in some timber at our timber yard, about eight in the evening; I heard the call of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running, and I pursued him directly down a gateway; I observed him turn rather short on the right hand; he stood under a staircase double, which goes up to the necessary; when I hallooed out here he is, he came out; I laid hold of him, and led him to the top of the yard; my shopmate brought down a candle; he asked Mrs. Bickerstaff what she had lost; and I saw the handkerchief and butter found, just by where the prisoner was standing; when he came out, he said, what have I done? what have I done? before I laid hold of him.
I am shopmate along with Groves; I heard the cry of stop thief; I had a candle in my hand; I ran down this yard after my shopmate; the prisoner was before; I saw him turn into this staircase; I held the candle; he came out, and my shop-mate took hold of him; the gentlewoman was there; I said, what have you lost? she said, a handkerchief, and six pounds of butter; and just by where he stood, within five or six inches, there was this handkerchief and butter; we took the prisoner to the public house, and sent for Mr. Freeman; and delivered the handkerchief to him.
I am an officer of the office in Hyde-street; I was sent for, and took charge of the prisoner along with Mr. Freeman; Sutton gave this handkerchief to Mr. Freeman, and he gave it to me; the lady was in the tap room; and the prisoner begged the lady would forgive him, for he never had been guilty of such an offence before.
I happened to be in the yard; I heard a noise in the street; I was going to do what was necessary; I never saw the handkerchief or butter.
