On the morning of the 16th of February, the deceased Mr. Gill was hired by a gentleman to carry some goods on board a vessel, and he having the boat loaded first, was molested by a rope belonging to the ship the Orphan, and the pilot cut it, it blew a strong gale of wind at that time, after that I begged of Mr. Gill to left the rope over the goods as we were very deep loaded, Gill accordingly got up, and lifted the rope over the goods, the boat was full of parcels; and one parcel was struck overboard by the rope, I called out and said to Mr. Gill, hold water if you please, and let us see what it is; he did so, and they gave us no assistance, I called out, pilot why did not you keep your rope up. I said we could not keep the boat a head to wind, with that he called out, if you do not chuse to have the basket picked up it may lay; and I really believe, the prisoner wetted his hands in picking it up, the prisoner was in the pilot's boat along with the pilot, laying by on their scull, words arose, they said we might pick it up ourselves; we told them we could not; d - n your eyes you b - r, says the prisoner, immediately; Mr. Gill held the scull in this manner, and pointed it at them and said, d - n your eyes, and repeated it again, Mr. Gill struck him upon the right shoulder, the prisoner stooped, and took the pilot's scull up, then it was blow for blow, he took and threw the man this way, it was up the third time against me, says I, for God's sake what have you done, you have fractured the man's scull, the man had a leather hat on at the time, he was a fireman belonging to the London Insurance; and a man that bore a respectable character, the people came with bludgeons, I was forced to fly for my life, the poor man was carried on shore, and is since dead, he fell overboard; and must have been drowned, if a man had not taken him out of the water.
I saw the poor man soon after he received the blow on the 16th of February, I found him between the blankets, very wet, and extremely languid; and after waiting some little time, he was still more apparently languid; but he groaned, and gave one or two sighs, I then directed such steps as appeared expedient, a little hartshorn and water, they could not get it down, he shoved the things from his mouth, I was present at the trapanning the scull; and I was present with Mr. Crookshank at the opening the head.
Was he bled immediately upon his being carried to the public house?
No, I did not look upon it justifiable, and Mr. Metford confirmed it, I thought he had received an injury by being in the water, and it was suffocation, his pulse was so extremely low, there was an extravasation in the head.
Have you any doubt that his death was occasioned by the blow he received?
I think, to the best of my opinion, that the extravasation gave rise to it.
Have you any doubt about it?
I do not know, it might be in consequence of his fall into the water.
Was his scull fractured?
No Sir, there was no fracture. I have no doubt but the extravasation was the cause of his death.
That man told how it was, only that he said I struck the man twice, I only struck him once, I did not mean to strike him, till he abused me, and struck me first.
