I live in Dean-street, Soho. I took a coach at the Bull Inn in Smithfield, in order to go as far as No. 16, at the Seven Dials ; when I came there I got out and left a child there; I was going into the coach, intending to go on further; I left the trunk in the coach when I got out; when I went towards the coach again, it was drove away. The prisoner was taken up on the Monday, this was on the Thursday. At the time I left the trunk in the coach it was locked; I do not know the person of the coachman; I did not tell him when I took him, that I was going any farther, nor did I bid him stay when I got out at the Seven Dials.
Did you pay him when you got out?
No, I did not.
I live at the Bull in Smithfield; Mrs. Plucknett was there; my mistress sent me to call a coach; I went to the stand and brought the prisoner with his coach; I carried the trunk to the coach; the coachman put it into the coach. I am sure the prisoner is the coachman; I knew him again the next day, when I saw him afterwards.
Plucknett came on Monday evening to Sir John Fielding 's, and gave information that he had discovered who the coachman was, in consequence of which I went to the prisoner's lodgings; I found the prisoner in bed, and in the room I found this trunk; the trunk was broke open and some things were taken out of it; I took the trunk away to Sir John Fielding 's, with those things which were in it then, and the wife of the prisoner brought the other things which were taken out to Sir John Fielding's while we were there; they are in the same state in which they were delivered to me at Sir John Fielding 's.
I was so much in liquor when I took the lady up that when I set her down I did not know whether I had my fair or not; I did not take the things meaning to keep them; I did not break open the box, I only drew one nail to see what was in the box.
Did you observe him in liquor?
No.
Did you observe him in liquor?
No; he was sober; he said to me he was the sort.
That is, meaning I had good horses.
I know the prisoner very well, he has lived with me between two and three years.
You keep hackney coaches?
I do. He always bore a very good character; I knew him for years before he came to me; this is the first time I ever heard of any thing of the kind. I knew him some years before he came into my service, when he lived with Mr. Jones the distiller in Cow-lane, six or seven years before he came to live with me; he always behaved very well as far as ever I knew; he has four small children, and his wife is now pregnant.
I have known the prisoner about five years; I never heard any thing but what was very good of him; he is a hard working man, and has a great family; he lived by Enfield-wash, he kept a little public-house there. I live at Enfield; he had always a good character, insomuch that my husband, if he was in town, would pass his word for a hundred pounds, for him; I have heard him say so.
