I live at No. 76 , on Saffron-hill . On Sunday the 12th of this month, my house was broke open; the prisoner took a lodging of me on the 22d of April. I had not seen him from that time, 'till the Friday before the house was broke open; he had then a fox-dog with him. I asked him, if that dog belonged to him; he told me it was his dog. I did not see any more of him till after the fact was committed, which was on Sunday the 12th of this month. I went out on the 12th, about a quarter before one o'clock; I keep the lower part of the house for my own use, and let the upper part out to lodgers: there is a common passage to the house. I locked my door which opens into the passage, and put a padlock on it; I did not leave any person in my apartment, but in the upper part of the house were Mary Day , her son, and other persons. I returned a little before eight o'clock; when I went to unlock the door, I found it was not locked, but only pulled to; and there was a hole cut in the door-post, large enough to put three or four fingers through, to get at the lock; the staple had been attempted to be wrenched off the padlock, but not being able to do that, they had taken the hasp quite out, and left the lock hanging to the door. I went in, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them) and many others; I don't think 20 l. would replace what I lost. My bureau, which was a mahogany one, had a hole bored in it with a nail-piercer, under the flap, in order to wrench the hinges off; I found a nail-piercer in the prisoner's room, which answered to the hole, and the hollow part of the nail-piercer was full of mahogany. Upon the bureau there stood a table clock; in wrenching the bureau, the glass of the clock was broke all to pieces, and the glass falling among the work, had stopped the clock at twenty-five minutes before five. I got some people and an officer together, and asked the lodgers if they had seen any person at my door; they every one said they had not. The prisoner, and the woman who lived with him, were not at home at that time; I afterwards saw a light in the room; I went up stairs; the woman, whose name is M'Ginnis, was there. I asked her if she had seen any person at my door; she said, No: that she went out about two o'clock, and her husband (meaning the prisoner) with her; and that she had not been at home since, nor her husband. One of the lodgers said, he saw him go out between four and five o'clock, and saw the fox-dog with him; upon which I ordered M'Ginnis to be taken into custody, and then she confessed some of my property had been carried to the house of one Jones, in Fleet-lane. The prisoner came home that night, and we took him into custody. The next day we got a warrant, and searched Jones's house; we found there a part of my property, and the fox-dog I have mentioned was likewise found at Jones's.
On Sunday night, I went with Mr. Bellis, up into the room, and saw M'Ginnis; we charged her with breaking open Mr. Bellis's door. She burst out a crying, and said, It was he that did it. I asked who was he? She said, Frank. I asked where he was; she said, at her sister's in Wood's-close. I went there with a constable, but did not find him. When we returned to Mr. Bellis's, the prisoner had been there, and was sent to the watch-house; I went to M'Ginnis again, and asked her what he had done with the things; she said, she heard him say he had taken them to one Jones's, in Fleet-lane. We took her to the watch-house that night, and the next morning we got three search-warrants, to search Jones's, and the sister's. As soon as we went into Jones's, Mr. Bellis saw a gown, which he said was his wife's. Then I went with the constable to Jones's father's, where we understood he slept, and there we found two watches, which we took to Mr. Bellis, and which he owned; he mentioned the name to one before it was opened. On the Tuesday, Mr. Bellis told me he had found a nail-piercer in the prisoner's room, full of mahogany; I compared it with the hole in the bureau, and it fitted it. I saw the clock; the glass was broke, and it had stopped at twenty-five minutes before five o'clock.
I am a constable. I searched the premises of Jones, in Fleet-lane; I saw his father, who informed me that he had a room that he slept in, in his house. Jones the father, and Jones the son, both lived in Fleet-lane. I went to the father's, and found the watches on a table, by the bedside. The prosecutor said, before he examined the watches, that the name in one was Howard; I looked, and found it was so.
I lived with the prisoner, in the house of Mr. Bellis, on Saffron-hill.
On Sunday, the 12th of this month, do you know any thing respecting the door of Mr. Bellis?
I heard a noise, like wrenching the door, but did not see any thing done; I take it to be between two and three o'clock when I heard that; I was up in my room: after that the prisoner brought a cutlass up into the room, under his arm. I believe he had been out before that, for I heard the door go.
Was that cutlass in the room when you went out?
It was.
Mr. Stevens came up to you that afternoon?
Yes.
Did you tell him the prisoner had done it?
I did. He told me, when he came up, that he had broke Mr. Bellis's door open; I knew nothing of it before.
I lodge in Mr. Bellis's house. On Sunday, the 12th of this month, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Bellis's house; he had a fox-dog with him; he went along Great Saffron-hill. The next day, I went with them to search Jones's house, and there I saw the fox-dog that I had seen with the prisoner.
I am innocent.
