On Friday the 7th of December, about a quarter before eight in the evening, a person came to my house, I am repairing a house for Dr. Dale, in Hatton-garden ; a person came and told me there was a man walking about with a light in that house, belonging to Dr. Dale; (I am a carpenter) I went next door for a candle and lanthorn, I took the key and opened the door, I heard a person run from me, I followed him down to the kitchen, there I got sight of him, and took him; I searched him, I found this tinder-box with flint, steel, and a knife; I called to my son, and sent for a constable, in the passage I found a looking-glass stand close to the door, in the back parlour we found another glass taken down from the chimney, they were both chimney-glasses, taken from the chimnies in that house, one in the back and the other in the fore parlour; one was up in the back parlour, I had been there three hours before, we found the tools for taking them down, some in one parlour, some in the other, which tools, belonged to my men, at work in the house, and was brought down from the two pair of stairs; I understood the glasses belonged to Mr. Foot.
They were left there for Dr. Dale?
Yes.
I never saw the glasses till I saw them there; the second time I was at the justice's, they consented for me to serve his Majesty, or go into the East India Company's service; I went and had my irons knocked off, went before the justice, and went to St. Mildred's court in the Poultry; the Doctor searched me, and they did not approve of me, as I had a rupture they said, they took me back to gaol; I take it to be nothing; Dr. Dale examined me himself at home, when I came to him, he said it was a rupture; I have the same complaint still.
The glasses belonged to me; I supposed they would go with the lease of the house; it afterwards appeared I had them to purchase, and I have purchased them since, but at that time they belonged to Peter Foot , administrator to the person that had the lease of the house.
I never saw the glasses before the Justice, nor no where else, till now.
