The prisoner at the bar, and Mary Bird (who cannot be found) robbed me the 10th evening of this month, about a quarter before twelve, in Cable-street, St. George's , of two guineas in money, in a purse, and some silver; one of them took me against the wall by the throat; they took me out of a publick house.
How could they do that?
I will give your Lordship a reason why, I went to the publick house for lodgings, being belated, and rather a little in liquor I do not disown; the landlord granted me a lodging, the watchman went with me, I was granted a bed by the watchman's civility, and by the landlord's good nature to myself and to nobody else; I gave the watchman a dram, I pulled out my purse, and changed a shilling to pay for the glass, and the bed; presently after this the watchman went out, I put the purse in my pocket and sat down; this woman and the other came and sat down along side of me; the landlord said that man does not want you; in a few minutes the landlord went backward, and they fastened upon me, one under one arm, and the other under the other, and drew me bodily into the street.
Nobody but the two women were left in the room?
Nobody that I know of.
How came you to let them take you out into the street?
I own I was something in liquor, and I had not the power that I should have at another time; they overpowered me, I struggled, they drove me up an alley and they took my purse.
Why did not you call to somebody?
I had not strength enough to resist them.
Had you no tongue to cry out?
I did cry out.
The landlord was only gone to draw some beer, why did not you cry out in the house?
I suppose I did, but the landlord was not come out of the cellar; when they got me out, they drew me up a street about forty yards; one held me, and the other held my arms back; and they picked this pocket first, and my two waistcoat pockets, and my coat pocket; they took my handkerchief, and my neck cloth; and then they took my great coat, it was a brighter than this.
Could not you resist their taking off your great coat?
No.
You must have been totally drunk?
No.
You must have been very much in liquor, can you venture on your oath to relate what passed with certainty, when you was so much in liquor, can you remember what you had in your pockets?
I would not swear to 6 d: or 1 s. but I can remember as far as that, I know what money I had.
How do you know you did not drop your purse at the bar; was your purse ever found?
No, nor none of the property.
What was in your purse?
Two guineas and a half in gold, and I did suppose about a dozen shillings in silver, but I would not swear to 1 s. or 6 d. I got away from them some how, I do not know how, but in my fright I got away to the same house the next morning, where the watchman brought me.
Did you go to the same house directly?
I do not know how far I went about in my fright, it might be four o'clock when I got there.
You was not above forty yards off?
I went sometimes one way, and sometimes another.
How do you know the prisoner was one of the persons?
I know she was, I have seen her more than once before.
Were you acquainted with her before?
I never was, I have seen her often in that lane.
Did you know her name?
Her name is Mary Pearcy .
What is the landlord's name?
Richard Ready .
Do you remember this man being in your house?
Yes my Lord, about eight o'clock on Tuesday night he came in with another woman, he sat there for about an hour, he asked for a lodging, he said he wanted it only for himself; the maid said he might: the woman he came in with went out and he followed her. He came in about a quarter after eleven, and the watchman along with him; I was going to bed, the watchman knocked at the door for a glass, and asked me if: I could let the man have a lodging, I said he was here before; this young woman (the prisoner) and another just came in before; and he treated the watchman with a glass; this young woman asked him to treat her, he said he would, this young woman and another young woman sat down, nobody was in the tap-room but another young man, a lodger; they had a couple of quarterns of gin; I asked the man if he was going to bed, he said he was going home; he called for another quartern, he changed a shilling, he had a bag with about four or five shillings, I saw no gold; he put the bag in his pocket; he put his hands round one of the women's necks and kissed her; I went backward to draw some beer, and when I came back he was walking arm in arm with the two women; I looked after him, and he was about two hundred yards from the house where this young woman lodged; the next morning he came to my house without a great coat; says I where is your great coat you Sir? says he I was robbed of it, says I, I suppose you left it for your lodging, he said he did not know, he could not tell where he was robbed; this young woman and the other passed by, says I, there is the two young women you was with last night, that young woman had a bundle in her apron, he followed the woman, and it was a black gown and petticoat instead of his coat; he was in liquor over night, but he was sensible of what he was doing, he never cried out; he went willingly out with the women.
