Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes, Sir; I was coming out of Spitalfields about twelve at night, on the 26th of December , and going up to Islington, I saw the prisoner and his companion, they crossed me in Old-street first, I went to go up the city road, about one hundred yards from the lying-in hospital; they meant to stop me, and I ran away from them, they gave one another the whistle; I went into Old-street back again, then the watchman said he would go with me as far as the turnpike in the city road; when we got there, he refused going any farther, I told him I did not think it was safe, I was afraid they had got before me; when I got one hundred yards beyond the turnpike, the prisoner and his companion jumped out upon me again, betwixt the rails, close to me, I was within about a yard of them; they said something to me, I cannot tell what, I went to run away, and the prisoner fired at me.
Are you sure it was the prisoner?
I am sure it was.
Did you see him at the time he presented the pistol?
I did, Sir; it was a moonlight night, the moon was rather cloudy, but it was light enough; he was so near, I felt the chop of a cutlass over my shoulder, at the time the pistol cracked; he lodged seven slugs in my back, they were within a yard of me when they fired; I ran then to the turnpike house; I had seen them twice before; here is the coat they shot through, the muzzle of the pistol split the coat here all to pieces.
My life is taken away for want of my friends coming to speak for me; I cannot send for my witnesses, because I am confined, I can get nobody to fetch them; I have been in the cells, and I have not a friend to send for them; my landlord knows I was at home in Cow Cross, I spent the afternoon there, and was with my friends till eleven o'clock at night. It is very hard my life must be taken away, because I cannot send for my friends.
Did you know the prisoner immediately, as soon as you saw him after he was taken up?
Yes; as soon as I saw him go into the coach at New Prison, when I first saw him after the fact.
