On the 21st of March, I was coming from Burnley, between ten and eleven, I saw two men going as I thought pretty heavy loaded, I asked the watchman, if he had examined them, he said no, and I went with him, and we found something with in their bags, it felt like a sheave and a chain, and I desired him to take them to the watch-house; the sheave, that man had on his back, and this chain Saliman had on his back.
Are you sure the prisoner was one of the men?
Whether he knows any thing of Saliman?
I never saw him in my life to my knowledge, I was angry enough the next morning to think he was got away.
I know they are my master's property.
I am a watchman, on the 21st of March, about half after ten, I was standing by my
box and I heard somebody crying out watch three times, I went down below the church, there is a dead wall, I stopped there, and I heard somebody coming along, I waited till they came to me, I asked them what they had got, they said a chain belonging to Mr. Johnson of Whitechapel, they said, they stopped at Poplar drinking a pot or two of beer; I thought any working man might do so, I asked them if they were sure they were right, they said they were, I let them go, and just coming over Limehouse-bridge by the watch-box, Mr. Wynn and some more gentlemen were coming over, and Mr. Wynn said, these men were heavy loaded, then I stopped them, I am sure the prisoner was one.
Which was it that said, we have been to drink a pot of beer?
I believe it was the other man, I think he gave me all the answers.
On the 21st of March, between eleven and twelve, this man and Soliman was brought to my charge, and I took them in custody.
Do not you know Soliman?
Did not he work for you?
You never saw me before?
I had been at work at Black-wall, and I overtook Soliman coming with these things in a bag, he asked me if I was going to London, I said, I was, he asked me to help him, he took the sheave out of the bag, and carried it himself, and I carried the chain.
How came Soliman to escape.
Our watch-house is very small, and has no conveniency, and the prisoner desired to go and ease himself, I sent the watchman with him, and he returned; Soliman also asked the same favour, I thought it natural, as this man returned the other would, but he run away from the watchman.
