I live in Rutland-court, Glasshouse-yard ; I am a widow. My house was broke open on the 5th of November. I had been at church; I came home about six in the evening; then I went over to a neighbour's house to drink tea; I double locked my door. I had not been out above ten minutes before the gentlewoman's child said my bell rang. I said, how can you think my bell rings when I have double-locked my door. Soon after the bell rang again. I went over and found my door wide open; a man rushed out of my house, and passed me. I went up stairs and saw the prisoner Caddie on the top of the stairs coming down; I laid fast hold of his arm, and asked him what he wanted? He told me he wanted one Mr. Newbond. I told him I was a widow, and no person lived here but myself. He said a person wanted him at Cow-cross. I let him go, but Mr. Argyle brought him up stairs directly after, and sent for a constable; and I saw five picklock keys, a crow, and a bag taken from him.
Had you any light when you held this conversation with him?
Yes, I had a candle in my hand, and there was a light in my room.
You did not actually lose any thing I suppose?
No.
When you recovered from your fright did you examine the door?
It was very well when I left it, and I have not observed any mark of violence upon it since. I suppose it was got open with the picklock keys.
Had you so much conversation with the prisoner as to have no doubt that he is the man?
No. I was with him about ten minutes in the room, and had some conversation with him, while my daughter and Mr. Argyle went up stairs. He asked me to search my place to see if I had lost any thing.
Did he make any attempt to escape while he was left alone with you?
No.
At this time of night was it dark?
Yes, it was about a quarter after six o'clock.
Are you certain that you shut the door after you?
I was going to drink tea, and to the St. Ann's lecture; I am sure I double-locked the door.
Where was the bell you heard?
It is fixed to the door; if any person opens the door it gives the alarm.
On Sunday the 5th of November, Mrs. Newstead called at our house between five and six o'clock; we asked her to drink tea with us. She said she would go home first and light her lamp and double-lock her door, for her husband had advised her, when she went out, to light the lamp and double-lock the door. She went and came back. We were at tea. In about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, my girl said, your bell rings, somebody is going into your house. She said, how can that be, I have the key here? We all listened and heard the bell ring again. She took a candle and opened our door; she said, my door is wide open, I am robbed. Just as I got into the court I saw a shout man, about five feet ten inches, come out of the house; I did not go after him, but went to the house. Just as she came to the stairs she met the prisoner coming down stairs. She laid hold of his arm, and said, how came you in my house? you have robbed me. He said he wanted a Mr. Newbond. I said there was no such person lived there. He said he was sure there was. She was frightened, and let him go; and he went out and sidled by the side of the houses. I seised him by the collar, brought him back, and took him up stairs. I sent for a constable; there was not one to be found. I afterwards went and brought one. I desired the prisoner might be searched; he pulled out a brown bag, with five picklock keys; the constable searched him further, and pulled out an iron crow.
I am a constable. I searched the prisoner on the 5th of November. I found upon him five picklock keys, this bag, and an iron crow.
I had been down this court several times to go to a necessary as I was going along a man ran by me in a brown coat, he dropped this bag; I picked it up and put it in my pocket; afterwards this man stopped me, and asked me what I was doing in the house? I said I was not near the house. He said he must take me into the house. I went up stairs with him, and pulled these things out of my pocket. I did not know what was in the bag. The woman said, my dear sir, if I have not lost any thing I will not hurt an hair of your head. I was taken to jail, and the next day before the justice; then she swore her door was open, that I was in the house, and she had been robbed. Now she swears she has lost nothing.
To Argyle. Is there any necessary at the bottom of the court?
Yes, there is.
I have known the prisoner ever since he was a baby. His father and mother are very honest; I never heard any harm of him before this; he is a paper hanger.
I am a broker. I have known him about fourteen or fifteen years; I never knew any harm of him till this time. I employed him to carry out things for me; he always brought me my money honestly; I know he ran away from the militia once, that is all I know of him.
All the keys were tried and none of them would open the door.
To Trafford. Were the keys tried?
No, they were not tried at all that I know.
To Argyle. Did you try these keys?
No.
It was a large lock it is a street door.
