I am a linendraper in Ludgate-street . I lost four pieces of printed linen. On Tuesday the 14th of March a person wanted a dozen of callico shirts. I got some for him to look at. The person who brought them was to call at five o'clock to know whether they would do. At five the person called, and when he came to take them away, instead of twenty-two shirts which there should have been, there was only twenty-one. We were at tea when the man called at five, the apprentice was rung down; he came up and said there was a shirt short. I spoke to the prisoner, and said, Mr. Davis, why do not you go down and see about the shirt, you know more about it than the apprentice does. The prisoner had lived a shopman with me six years and an half. I thought he went down rather reluctantly, which gave me a suspicion, that he had the shirt. He had been sent out with them to know if they would do. The apprentice and he returned in a very short time, and said the man would call again in a quarter of an hour. I having had suspicion of the prisoner since Christmas, by his buying many things, gold watches and rings, and elegant knee buckles; and many circumstances leading me to suspect him. I thought he had got the shirt. I went down to the end of the counter, where he always keeps his things, with an intention of looking for the shirt. The shutters do not come quite to the end, there is a flap lifts up, and there he has kept his hat, and things, as he lies at the top of the house, that he might not have occasion to go to the top of the house for every thing. I saw there his great coat, it was very heavy; I looked into the flap of his pocket, and there I saw a piece of printed linen. I was surprised; I put the counter down and sent word up, I should not have any more tea. I went to Sir John Fielding 's for advice; they wanted me to take him up immediately; I said as he was the only shopman I had it would breed confusion, I would not take him up till the shop was shut. The prisoner did not take out his great coat in the evening, when he went out between six and seven o'clock. The constable followed him and laid hold of him in St. Paul's church-yard. The prisoner asked by what authority he took hold of him; I said if you will walk with me, Mr. Davis, I will show you by what authority. I went back with him. I said I believe that is your great coat Mr. Davis, he said it was. Then instead of one piece the constable pulled two pieces out of each pocket. The prisoner had been at his pocket after I had seen the piece, I am sure; for I saw the piece very perfectly; but when the constable came his pocket was pinned up quite close with strong pins, so that he must have been at his pocket after I first saw it.
It was not so when you saw it first?
No, it could not be so then. I had no suspicion when I first saw his coat of any printed linen being there. I was looking for the shirt. I said, Good God! Mr. Davis, what could induce you to do this? He said it was for want of money, and he hoped I should forgive him; that it was the first time.
Did you find any thing of the shirts?
They proved right; the man had brought but twenty-one; he had left a sample shirt at another place. In consequence of this letter, I found a piece of cotton, which is in the indictment.
What is the letter?
I received it by the penny-post, from whom I do not know. In consequence of that letter, I went to Mr. Dyson's, who lives in Cateaton-street, and enquired about his maid; Mr. Dyson gave his maid a good character; she had lived with him five years; she is cousin to the prisoner. She showed me a gown she had bought of the prisoner; I said if she would give me the gown I would not take her up. The gown cost me four shillings and sixpence a yard; she said he sold it to her for half a crown a yard.
This man had lived with you six years and a half as shopman?
Yes.
He had had great trust reposed in him by you?
Yes.
I believe so much as to sell for you without your knowledge, or keeping an account of what he sold on your account?
Never in his life.
I understand he recommended many customers to you?
That I know nothing of; he never was empowered in any thing else.
What time in the afternoon was it when you saw this great coat?
About five o'clock.
Was he present at that time?
He was up at tea.
Had he any knowledge or suspicion of your having looked at his great coat?
No, I do not believe he had; for if he had I dare say instead of pinning it up he would have taken it out. I was rather agitated, and walked backwards and forwards in the shop; I dare say I did not behave in my customary manner, which made me suppose he rather suspected he was detected.
How came you to let him go out of the shop?
I said to Sir John Fielding , I was in hopes he would have taken them out with him; I wanted to know where he took them to.
You wanted the offence made more complete than you thought it was?
I was told at Sir John Fielding 's that the felony was completed.
He went out that night without being detained or stopped?
As far as St. Paul's church-yard, before he was stopped; my reason for not having him stopped in the shop was because I thought we might make a discovery of where he took the things to, not in order to make the case more complete.
The first time he is pleased to say I confessed, the very expression I made use of was, that I never had defrauded him, nor ever intended it. If I had any elegant knee-buckles, where are they? I do not want to have things aggravated. And as for the watch I have had it many years.
You said you was led to suspect him for having bought gold watches?
A gold watch.
Then the gold watches sink into one gold watch?
If I said any otherwise, I did not mean it, I meant but one.
What was the value of this gold watch?
Six pounds I understand.
Then this charge is of having bought one gold watch of the value of six pounds; that is the fact is it?
What led me to suspect him was his dress, knowing that his wages would not afford any such thing.
Then those gold watches are brought to one gold watch of the price of six pounds?
Six pounds.
Mr. Davis wants to know what is become of the things?
Here is a list of what I delivered to a friend of Mr. Davis.
In that list they are called eight gold ring.
I do not know that it is worth your while Mr. Davis to correct any eagerness of Mr. Hooper's.
There is no improper eagerness. These things I delivered to a friend of Mr. Davis, since he has been in custody.
I have here four pieces of linen, which I had out of this great coat pocket. The prisoner owned it was his great coat. I stopped the prisoner in St. Paul's church-yard, and brought him back to the shop. Mr. Hooper went to the counter and said to the prisoner, is this your great coat? he said yes. The pocket was pinned up; I opened it, and found these four pieces of cloth. Mr. Hooper said, how could you serve me in the manner you have done, or something like that. He made answer, Sir, it is the first time, I hope you will forgive me, I did not mean to defraud you of them.
There is my private mark upon each of the four pieces. I am sure they are mine.
I said you have no objection to have your box searched? He said no; and that he did it through want of money. Mr. Hooper made answer, How can that be, because when you have asked me, I always relieved you.
Was his box searched?
It was.
Was any thing found in it that belonged to his master?
There was nothing at all in it, neither shirts nor any thing else. I never saw a box so empty in my life.
I had this cotton from a mantua-maker, Mrs. Harewell, I think, her name is.
Is she here?
I believe not. I got it of her by the direction of Elisabeth Jones .
Who do you live with?
I live with Mr. Dyson, No. 14, Cateaton-street.
Do you know any thing of that cotton?
I bought a gown of Mr. Davis; it was something like this, but I cannot swear to this, it has been out of my possession some time. I have no particular mark upon it.
How came it out of your possession?
I sent it to the mantua-maker's, and from thence Mr. Hooper had it.
What is your mantua-maker's name?
Harewell.
Is Mr. Davis any relation of your's?
Yes, a first-cousin.
What quantity did you send the mantua-maker?
I do not know whether it was six yards and three-quarters, or seven yards.
Have you measured it since it came from Mrs. Harewell's?
I have not seen it since till now.
Have you measured it?
No.
What do you believe whether it is or not the same?
It was something like this.
Is it or not the same?
It is very like it.
Do you believe it is or it is not?
I cannot say that I believe it is not.
Then you believe it is?
It is very like it.
How comes Mrs. Harewell not to be here?
Mrs. Jones gave me a written order to Mrs. Harewell to deliver her gown, and this is the gown she delivered up as her's.
Here is my private mark upon it 71, which signifies four shillings and sixpence.
You can venture to say it is your's?
Yes it is.
What did you give for it?
Half a crown a yard.
What is the value of it?
It cost me four shillings and sixpence.
Is there any entry made in your books respecting the sale of that?
I have looked very carefully, there are several entries of seven yards of cotton at half a crown a yard.
Have you compared those entries with the pieces in your shop, to see whether they correspond and agree?
It is impossible.
Then you cannot take upon you to say whether this has or not been sold in a fair way of trade at your shop?
Mrs. Jones acknowledged she bought it of the prisoner at her own house.
But independent of that acknowledgement you have no reason to say whether that has or has not been sold in a fair course of trade in your shop?
It has never been sold in my shop, I am sure, for half a crown, what cost me four shillings and sixpence.
But whether it has not been sold in the course of trade in your shop?
I can only swear it is my property, and I have received it in the manner you have heard.
It was entered in the day book where all other things are.
You have not got that book here?
No.
But there are entries in your book of that sort?
We make it a rule every thing we sell if it is only a nail of a yard, to put down what it cost and what we sell it for. It was taken I understand to Mrs. Jones's of an evening; if it had been sold it must have been entered the last thing of an evening or first of a morning. He never went out with it to her master's house to my knowledge.
Have you any reason to imagine that any of the entries in your shop-book at two shillings and sixpence a yard could mean this linen?
I have no reason to suppose it. I have looked carefully to see if there was any thing entered of the kind the last thing at night, or first in the morning.
Things that are remnants are sold for no profit.
Seven yards is not a remnant; it is a common quantity for a gown.
But when it is all that is left of a piece and an old pattern, if the pattern is out of fashion, you sell under prime cost to get it off?
I do not know that I ever lost sixpence a yard by any pattern in my life, and this is a very good pattern.
Whether this was sold in the day time or at night?
It was brought to me between the hours of twelve and three in the day I know.
What day of the month?
I cannot tell.
Sunday or working day?
A working day.
I am apprentice to Mr. Hooper.
Do you know any thing of this pattern being at any time sold publickly in your shop?
I do not.
Do you know the value of the cotton?
By the private mark of the shop it cost Mr. Hooper four shillings and sixpence.
There are seven yards of it, should you have sold that as a remnant?
Not for the price it was sold for.
Do you reckon seven yards a remnant?
No; that is the size for a gown; we do not call it a remnant unless it is under that. It is a new pattern. When we have new patterns come, we cut off seven yards and put in the window, therefore it cannot be called a remnant.
Is it a new or old pattern?
Rather an old pattern.
Whether that was or not sold in the shop you know nothing about?
Not to my knowledge.
You say it cost your master four shillings and sixpence a yard, pray how much discount per cent is there?
Five per cent. and ten months credit.
Not more than that?
No.
My character and reputation in life and my family, till this unhappy affair, have been unimpeached and unspotted. My prosecutor is very conscious that through my connections he has taken hundreds of pounds; and they are people of character and reputation; some are present in court, and there are many more. I hope that will be sufficient. I labour not with guilt, but under the utmost grief and anxiety of mind for my loss of reputation, which is dearer to me than life itself, and I trust to your humanity to shew some pity upon your unhappy prisoner. I refer the rest, under my present anxiety of mind to my counsel.
How long have you known Mr. Davis?
I have known the prisoner about eight years.
He has lived six years and a half of that time I understand with Mr. Hooper?
He has.
What has been his reputation and character?
He lived with my brother in Cheapside two years, before he went to Mr. Hooper. I had the highest opinion of him, and have never had any reason to alter that opinion.
I have known the prisoner about nine years. He has a very good character; I never heard any thing to the contrary in my life.
Whether Mr. Hooper has not taken through Mr. Long's recommendation and our family some hundred pounds?
I have heard my mother and sister say, whom I recommended there, that by his civility I gained many customers; and many people went there through Mr. Davis's attention to his master's concerns.
I have known Mr. Davis, eight or nine years. As far as I know him myself, and have heard of others, he has been highly respected and esteemed by every one who I know who knew him till this unfortunate affair turned out.
I have known the prisoner about twelve or fourteen years. Indeed I believe I knew him in the country before he came to London; I knew his friends there. I have known him about twelve years in London. He always bore a good character as far as ever I heard; he was generally respected by all who knew him.
I believe you and your friends were through his recommendation brought to deal with Mr. Hooper?
Yes; we dealt with the shop Mr. Davis lived at before he went to Mr. Hooper's, and we dealt with Mr. Hooper when he went to live with him.
I knew Mr. Davis before he went to Mr. Hooper's. He lodged with me near three months, that was the first knowledge I had of him.
Have you continued to know him from that time?
Yes. At times he has called at my house; and if I had gold untold, I should have trusted him with it, and not suspected any thing. Nothing surprised me more than that he should be taken up for this.
I have had a knowledge of Mr. Davis about seven or eight years. The character I had of him from his acquaintance was a good one. I have not for my own part been particularly acquainted with him myself.
He lived with me before he went to Mr. Hooper.
And you have continued to know him ever since?
Yes.
And his character was a good one?
It was.
The watch which is valued so high, I bought when I lived with Mr. Cawdron, it is an old French watch, I do not suppose the gold of it is worth two guineas.
