I live in Great Stanhope-street, Clare Market , the prisoner lived servant with me, about a fortnight or thereabouts; on the 5th of March, 1782, Mrs. Perry having a large wash, had an occasion for a washerwoman to assist her, she came early in the morning, about four o'clock, and knocked some time at the door before the prisoner let her in, and then set the washerwoman to wash, and gave her part of the linen, about five o'clock the woman came and knocked at my chamber door, to enquire what was become of the maid, she said she should come down to assist her in washing, and to know whether we knew any thing of her, we told her we thought she had been with her; I arose and could not find her; when Mrs. Perry came to examine, she missed those things that were in the indictment; in consequence of that I went in pursuit of her, I thought as there was a load of things, for there are many things that were not in the indictment, that unless she had some accomplices she could not be gone far; I applied to the office in Bow-street, and we advertised her, and could find nothing of her, but about six weeks ago Mrs. Perry going towards White-chapel, saw the prisoner standing at a publick house door, with the gown on.
I missed the things mentioned in the indictment as soon as the prisoner went, I saw the cloaths and the spoons the last thing when I went to bed the night before, I am sure of it, and the spoons on the table.
What became of the washerwoman?
She is here.
Where did you see the prisoner?
Returning from Deptford, I saw the prisoner and another woman sitting at a public house door near Iron-gate.
How came you to know her again?
Very well, I put my hand upon her, and said, oh! Jenny how could you rob me so, and she struck me twice, till she stunned me, and then she ran over Tower-hill, I called after her as well as I could, and this man took her.
Are you sure that that gown that was upon her when she was taken, was your gown?
Yes, I am sure of it.
What did you know it by?
When it was almost new there was a spark of wood struck it, and I strove to match the colour, and there is a piece put in, and I have a piece of that colour at home.
You have no doubt at all but that is the same gown you lost?
No, my Lord, and here is a piece the fellow of it.
Did you ever get any of the other things that you lost?
No, my Lord, she made me no answer, but struck me twice, she was gone above a twelvemonth before she was taken.
As I was going over Tower-hill, just by Iron-gate, I saw this Mrs. Perry stop the prisoner, and she struck her twice, and she run away, and I caught her, and brought her to the officer, and had her secured, and I had a bit of the gown cut out at the Justices to be sure of it.
I bought the gown about six months ago of a woman, that might be a Jew woman, I gave eight shillings for it.
Have you the woman here that you bought it of?
No, my Lord.
How came you to leave your place?
My master and mistress fell out and had very great words, and I really thought there would be murder, and they both fell a fighting, and I was rung up before I had been in bed a quarter of an hour, and then they sent for me up again, and there was my mistress all undressed and her mouth all bleeding, my master was in his shirt, and my mistress had the poker in her hand, and they had broke some glasses, and I went down stairs again, and I had not been in bed long, you know, madam, you was at the top of the stairs, and you said my master was gone to fetch a watchman, and I was so frightened I did not know what to do.
Is there any truth in this story?
None at all, it is totally false what she says.
Did not the watchman come in?
No such thing.
You had no quarrel that night?
Not that I know of.
Please you my Lord, they did not go to bed till past three o'clock, and you know, madam, you came down and struck a light to take into the parlour; and as soon as the washerwoman came, I went my ways, you know the watchman came in, do not you remember you came down, and you asked me particular where the tinder box was? I have no witnesses.
Are you the person that went to the house of Mr. Perry to wash, at the time the young woman left her place?
Yes.
What time did you come?
A little after four.
Who let you in?
The maid.
How often did you see her after?
Not above two or three times, she went backwards and forwards to bring the things, she said she was going into the yard, she said that my master and mistress had had a few words, she told me that when I first came, she said that they were just gone to bed.
Did she complain of it and express any inclination to leave her place?
None at all.
Had you known the family before?
What is Mr. Perry?
A bricklayer.
Did you tell them what this young woman said?
Yes, Sir, I told them, that how I thought she was gone into the yard, for she told me she was going; and I think she answered me out of the parlour, when first I came, but I am not sure; my mistress got up directly when I called her.
Why did you deny this disturbance that happened at your house?
I think my word is to be taken, we had no disturbance in the house; I generally pack up every bit of linen, and set it down, and look it over, I am very particular to see there is not a stitch out, or a wristband, or any thing at all.
What were those things worth that you lost?
I have not set half a quarter the value on them.
What might they be worth at a low valuation altogether?
About fourteen pounds, they are not laid above the value of four pounds in the indictment.
What might the gown be worth?
It cost me thirty five shillings without the making, the gown and coat together.
