I am a carver and gilder , at No. 4, Doby-court, Monkwell-street . On the 21st of February, being Fast-day, I went out in company with a gentleman, in the morning, about half after nine: I left my wife and sister at home: I had previously agreed to meet them at my father-in-law's, in Jermyn-street. I met them there; and we returned home at about half an hour after 10 o'clock at night. We found the door on the single lock. I had a candle from Mr. Dell's, my next door neighbour. I went into the house, and missed the several articles mentioned in the indictment.
Had the house any appearance of having been broke open?
None; only the door being on the single lock. On the Saturday following I was informed, that there was an advertisement in the paper which answered to my things. By the direction of that advertisement, I went to Mr. Moseley's, at No. 100, in Bunhill-row: there I found the coat and waistcoat and shirt, and a pair of sheets; they were marked with this mark (producing it) I made it myself: there was likewise there my wife's Marseilles petticoat, and a gown and coat.
I am the wife of the last witness. I have a sister named Elizabeth Darby . On the 21st of February, the Fast-day, at about half past twelve, my sister and I went out together: I saw her double-lock the door. We came home between ten and eleven o'clock. My sister opened the door: I was with her: she made a stand on finding it upon the single lock. She opened the door: we went in, and I found the drawers all open, and missed all the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them)
I am sister to Thomas Darby . When we went out on the Fast-day, I double-locked the door. When we returned, I opened the door: I found it had been opened, for it was then only on the single lock: it is a spring lock; so that it would lock without a key.
I am an excise officer. On February the 21st, between eight and nine in the evening, I saw the prisoner in Old-street-road, with a bundle upon his head: he was standing against the wall: from his behaviour I suspected he had got smuggled goods. He went into a yard, as if he was going into a house: he put the bundle under his arm. I told him I was an officer belonging to the excise, and insisted upon seeing what he had got. He asked me what I meant to search for: I told him run goods. He said if I searched for that, I might search; for he had none. I untied the corner of the bundle, and put my hand in, and found it was linen. He went into a house, and up stairs; I followed him, secured him, and delivered him and the bundle into the custody of the constable.
My boy was out in the court about seven o'clock, and said Mr. Darby's door was open. I went about a quarter of an hour after, and knocked; nobody came, and I pulled the door to; it was a spring lock. I did not go into the house.
I found Mr. Darby's door open about seven o'clock upon Fast-day.
Did you see any body about the house?
Nobody.
I had these things of a man to carry to James-street.
I am a carpenter: I live at No. 44, Brick-lane, Spitalfields. On the Fast-day, about 8 o'clock, in Old-street, I saw a man give the prisoner the bundle, and gave him a shilling to carry it just by Moorfields, to James-street.
Did you see him give him a shilling?
I heard the bargain as I was going by.
Did you know the prisoner before?
I might have seen him before, where he has been sawing; I never was acquainted with him before: I often employ sawyers myself. I knew him by sight these twelvemonths.
Whereabouts did you see him?
Just by Mr. Croker's brew-house.
Did you know the man that gave him this bundle?
No; I never saw the man to my knowledge in my life. I was making water when I overheard them.
Were they standing together, or coming along?
They were coming along talking together: the other man had the bundle under his arm, and gave it to the prisoner. I heard him say, I will give you a shilling to carry it to James-street, by Moorfields. They both went away together.
Did you walk the same way with them?
No, I did not, only just to the turnpike; then he crossed down Golden-lane.
It was, I think, between eight and nine when you saw the prisoner?
Nearer nine than eight.
Whereabouts in Old-street-road?
About thirty yards from the turnpike, which is fifty or sixty yards from Mr. Croker's brew-house. He told me he took it up in Golden-lane: his words were, as near as I can recollect, a man gave him a shilling in Golden-lane, to carry it to Bayfield's: that was when I had him in the garret.
When you first saw him, he was standing still?
Yes, against the wall, making water, I believe; but I cannot say.
