I drive the Oakingham waggon , from the Three Cups, Aldersgate-street. On the 6th of June, just as dark came on, I went into the house where we stop to water our horses at Hammersmith . I heard my man swearing. I went out, and he had the prisoner by the collar. There was one box was entirely lost, and there were three trunks and a box lying beside the waggon. The lines of the waggon were cut, and a great hole was cut in the off side of the tilt. We put him into the round-house that night. I went on with the waggon till day-light, and then returned in the morning; and he was taken to the Rotation-office; and we were ordered to attend again, when we came to to town, with my man. Before the justice the prisoner said he rode on the ladder of the waggon; then he said he gave the man in the smock frock 6 d. to let him get up in the waggon. That night he desired us to let him go. He said there was nothing taken off.
I loaded the goods. I drove the waggon all the way. When we came to Park-lane, a man dodged me from the place where we loaded: he was sometimes before the waggon, and sometimes behind. I had a suspicion of him. At Hammersmith I was going round the waggon, to see if all was safe, and saw a hamper fall out. I went round to the tilt of the waggon, and looked up; and a box fell upon me. I looked up, and there stood the prisoner, just coming out of the waggon. I took him by the feet, and pulled him out. I asked him, What business he had there? He said, He only got up to rest his feet a little; he did not go to meddle with any thing. I asked him, How the box came down that was in the middle of the waggon? He said, He did not know. I had put two boxes, tied together, in the middle of the waggon: this was one of them. The line was cut. It was a particular deal box, that a footman desired me to take care of. There was taken out, besides that, a hamper, with three hat-boxes in it, and one box that was entirely lost. I did not see that out. The boxes could not tumble out, they were put in so close together. We put the box in the same place, and it went home without tying.
I am a servant to Mr. Gaylard, George-street, Hanover-square. I delivered the boxes myself to Thomas Hill's waggon, upon the 6th of June. I delivered several parcels, I cannot pretend to say how many. I delivered the box that was entirely lost, and the box taken up again. I cannot repeat all the things they contained.
I am beadle of the hamlet of Hammersmith. I had the charge of the prisoner. I searched him, and found in his glove a ticket of the Acton bar.
I was standing at a neighbour's door, at Hammersmith. I saw a hamper fall down. The man that drives the waggon was on the off side. I told him a hamper had fell down. He went and looked up in the waggon, and a box fell upon his head. He then pulled a man down by the leg. He said he only got up to ride. He went into the house, and was all of a sweat. He said there was nothing lost.
The box we took up off the ground, the footman said contained his own things.
The box was marked No. 6. and had a crack in the top of it. It contained the things mentioned as mine in the indictment.
I was going to Hammersmith. I asked a man to let me get up in the waggon. I got up. I laid hold of the rope, and it broke, and the hamper fell down upon me. I could not get down, for fear of the box falling upon me: and the man came and laid hold of me.
