I am book-keeper to Mr. Lyall, who keeps the Black Bear Inn, Piccadilly ; he keeps a warehouse there, for the booking of goods, and\\ send\\ ing them by the carrier . The parcel alluded to came on Sunday, the 28th of April last; I received it, and booked it; i t was directed to Messrs. Morton and Co. at Bath, who are coachmakers, I believe; I booked it to go by the Bath coach; I soon after wrote a way-bill of it, and left it with one Burton, a porter, to give to the coachman, and then I went out. There was a coach to go that afternoon at four o'clock, another between eight and nine; it was to go with either of them.
I am shopman to Mr. Matthew Davis , in Long-acre, who deals in coach and livery laces; Messrs Morton and Co. of Bath, deal with my master for coach laces. On Sunday morning, the 28th of April, I packed up a paper parcel, containing the articles mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) the bill of parcels was directed to Messrs. Morton and Co. at Bath, and then I delilivered it to a servant of my master's, Nathaniel Rees , to carry them to the Black Bear Inn, Piccadilly, to go by the Bath coach.
I am a servant to Mr. Matthew Davis . Mr. Batterby, on the 28th of April, delivered me a paper parcel to carry to the Black Bear Inn, at a little before four o'clock, directed to Messrs. Morton and Co. at Bath; I delivered it to Mr. Bush.
Where did you leave this parcel?
In the warehouse.
Is that part of the dwelling-house?
It is, and there are rooms over it.
I live at the King's-Head, at Birmingham; I am book-keeper to the London and Birmingham coaches. On Tuesday, the 30th of April, I received a box, directed for Amos Archer , of Birmingham; hearing an indifferent character of Amos Archer , and of one Barnard who lived with him, I consulted with the master of the inn, and the gaoler of Birmingham, whether I should open the box or no; we opened it; the box contained lace; at the top was this bill of parcel, and these two letters.
I delivered these two letters, and the bill of parcels, to Justice Addington. This letter the prisoner acknowledged he wrote; he said he wrote it for another person, but inadvertently he put his own name at the bottom of it.
Were there not other things in the box, besides what is contained in this bill of parcels?
There were some few things; they were delivered to Amos Archer .
I had a warrant from a Middlesex magistrate, backed by an alderman, to apprehend the prisoner; I took him last Monday was se'nnight, at his own door, in Houndsditch; I carried him to the Mansion-house; there I searched him, and found these letters upon him (producing them)
