I am a taylor in Bunhill-row : my wife is a mantua-maker. The things mentioned in the indictment were lost out of the house; we suspected the prisoner, and had her taken up.
I am a mantua-maker, and am the wife of the last witness. On the 26th of February, about five or six o'clock in the afternoon, the several things mentioned in the indictment were lying on the table in the parlour. I was at that time employed in washing. At about six o'clock, I went down stairs to iron; I did not come up again till one o'clock; then the things mentioned in the indictment were gone. The prisoner lodged in the house: we had a good opinion of her. She had been out between the hours of six and eight: she came back again, and was backwards and forwards in the kitchen, and remained by the kitchen fire, till I had done my ironing. She came up with me to go to bed: when I came into the parlour, I missed all the work. I was in great distress, on account of losing things which were not my own. All the lodgers came down, and endeavoured to pacify me. The next morning the prisoner came down, and said, Nobody will blame you for it; and she said, she would be one of the first to help make up the loss. I said I would go to all the pawnbrokers: the prisoner set down the things I had lost. I went to a pawnbroker's, who had taken in a piece of silk. I did not suspect the prisoner at that time. The next day the prisoner went out, and took the key of her room with her. I expected she was to return that night; but not returning, I began to suspect her; I had the door of the room opened; and I missed the pillow bier off the pillow, and two flat irons out of the room. Then I suspected her: I went in search after her, but could not find her; at last I heard she cohabited at a fortune-teller's in Kingstand Road. I found her there three weeks after, with a silk gown on her back, which I had to turn: I was charged a guinea and a half for it. I took a constable with me, and we took her up and carried her before Justice Blackborow. First of all she owned to the officer, where she had pawned the things: in my presence, and in the presence of Mr. Bowman, she owned the things were pawned at five different pawnbrokers, and the officer took down the pawnbrokers' names. I asked what she had done with my black silk gown; she said she had lost it: I found it since at her lodgings, and I have it here to produce.
I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner next door to a fortune-teller's in Kingsland Road, down an alley. I went in; I found her behind the door: Mrs. Rich came in, and said, that was the woman who had robbed her, and she would swear to the gown she had upon her back: the prisoner desired me not to expose her: I bid her come away quietly, and we came along arm in arm. I asked her to tell me where the things were pledged; she said she would tell me nothing till we came into an house; we went into the sign of Alderman Crosby's Head: I took her into a room, and there she told us the different places the things were pawned at, and I put it down in writing.
Did she acknowledge she had robbed Mrs. Rich?
Yes; and said, she was sorry for it.
I went with the constable to Kingsland Road. We found the prisoner at a fortune-teller's, and took her away. Mrs. Rich owned to the gown she had on her back.
I have no defence to make, farther than that the prosecutrix offered to forgive me if I would say any thing about the things, and offered to make it up for money. I leave myself to the mercy of the court.
