On the 28th of January I went into Mr. Mather's, a publick-house, the Bell, in Bell-court, Gray's-inn-lane , to have a pint of beer. I had a surtout coat in a handkerchief. I went into a little parlour and laid the bundle down on a table. Mr. Venables and an acquaintance of his were sitting at the other side of a round table, drinking; they went out, and in about two or three minutes after I missed the bundle.
Was you sitting at the table where your bundle was?
No; at another table where the prisoner was; when they went out they went by the table where the bundle was, there was not any one in the room but the prisoner, the other man, and I; upon missing the bundle, the landlord and I went out in pursuit of the prisoner and the other man; I was out about an hour and an half, looking into every public-house for them; when I returned, I ran through the bar into the back room and saw my bundle lying on the table. I said, it is no matter my bundle is come back.
Was it lying on the same table?
No; on the little table by the back window.
Who was in the parlour when you went back again?
No one, to the best of my knowledge; I understood that the landlord had taken the prisoner, and carried him to the watch-house.
Do you know any thing of this bundle which was lost at your house?
Yes. Mr. Stevenson came in with a bundle and laid it down on the table in the back parlour. He sat down in company with the prisoner and another man who was with him; the prisoner and the other man went out; Stevenson missed his bundle. He said to me Mather do you know any thing of my bundle? I said, there had been none in the room but the prisoner, and the other man. I went out after the prisoner, and took him in Holborn with the bundle. I brought him back to the house, and delivered him to a constable; before the justice he said he kicked the bundle before him in the passage.
You are sure you found the bundle upon him?
Yes; he had it in his left hand, the other man was with him; he said he did not know that he had the bundle till I took hold of it.
This coat is my property; I am sure it was made on my shop-board.
Is the handkerchief your's?
I bought it.
Is that the bundle you laid on the table in Mather's house?
This is the bundle.
Though I am before a court of judicature, I hope I have a jury which will look in an impartial manner on every thing; I went into the publick-house to have a pint of beer; meeting with some agreeable company, especially the prosecutor, I stayed the whole evening. I then was going away; a man who was there asked me where I was going. I went out with him; as I was going along he asked me to hold the bundle while he made water; as I was holding it, the publican came up, and the other man ran away.
Did they both come in together?
Yes.
When you took the prisoner, did the other man run away?
No; he came back to see what was the matter.
Did the prisoner appear to be drunk or sober when he was in the house?
He might be intoxicated, I cannot pretend to say.
Did he appear to be drunk or sober?
He could not be sober; he had been there four or five hours.
