I am servant to Mr. Isaac Smith , who is a linen-draper . The prisoner with another woman on Monday, about five o'clock in the afternoon, came into my master's shop and asked to see some silk handkerchiefs which lay in the window; she asked the price, I told her; she said she wanted better. I then went to the farther end of the shop and brought all we had got, as they laid together in a frame; I showed them to her; she fixed on one piece and asked the price. I told her five shillings and sixpence an handkerchief; she bid four shillings. In a few minutes after that I saw her take a piece containing eight handkerchiefs off the counter with her left hand; she said she would give but four shillings and she went out of the shop. I followed her and took the piece of eight handkerchiefs from her; it was concealed under her cloak. I brought her back to the shop; then she said she was very sorry for what she had done and begged pardon, she said she had never done any thing of the sort before.
Did not you say if I would tell you of the other woman you would let me go?
I did not; I went out for the constable; Mr. Smith was left in the shop with her.
It was this man or the master of the shop I cannot say which.
There was only my master and me in the shop.
Were you in the shop all the time the prisoner was there?
Yes.
Was you within hearing of all that was said?
I was.
Did your master make any promise not to prosecute if she would give an acount of the other woman?
Not in my hearing.
Was you in a situation to hear all that was said?
I was.
Are you sure this is the woman who took the handkerchiefs?
I am.
I have some witnesses to call.
I am a stay-maker. I have known the prisoner seven years; she has worked for my father and me seven years; she has borne a very honest character during that time, she is a very hard working girl. Her husband is a pocket-book maker; I know he is a bad fellow and she supported him I believe for some time for she can earn ten or twelve shillings a week.
Did you say you would not prosecute this woman if she would give up the woman that was in the shop with her?
Not in the least.
