I am a gardener , and live with Mr. Tattersall, at Hyde-park-corner. I was robbed on the 12th of this month, about eight o'clock in the evening, by Hyde-park-corner , in the king's road; I met the prisoner and another man; they passed by me a little way; then they turned back; one of them had a pistol in his hand, which he clapped to my breast, and demanded my money; one pulled out my watch. I took out half a guinea, meaning to slip it into my coat pocket but they snatched it out of my hand. They searched all my pockets, and took all I had.
How long did they stay with you?
I suppose about a minute and an half.
Was it a light or dark night?
It was a moonlight night, or I should not have gone across the fields. As soon as they had robbed me, they ran across the field; I ran after them, and called out, stop thief! Thomas Gradey , who is here, saw them, and the prisoner was taken in about a quarter of an hour; I have a piece of his waistcoat, which he tore in getting over the pales; one of the people picked it up, and gave it me, and it matched the place from which it had been torn off; he owned it was his, and he said he hurt himself, and it was a wonder he had not killed himself in getting over.
When he came up to me, when I was taken, he said he thought it was me, but he was not certain.
I could have sworn to his face; I remember the size of his person very well, and the colour of his cloaths.
You don't mean now to swear to his face?
No, only to the colour of his cloaths, and his size.
I was at Chelsea on the 12th of this month; coming home, I heard some man, towards the King's road, cry out Stop thief! which proved afterwards to be Collins. I saw three men running down the field, and heard Collins cry out Stop thief! Stop thief! Stop thief! The prisoner jumped over the hedge, five or six feet behind me; as soon as he jumped over the hedge, he cried out Stop thief! then he jumped over the hedge into the other field; I pursued him, and cried out Stop thief! he jumped over two hedges; I hallooed out to the patroles to stop him; the prisoner went to the hedge by the road, seeing them all in arms, he saw he could not go that way, but must be taken; he turned on his left hand in the field where I was; I turned immediately, and kept him to my right; I hallooed to the first sentry-box for them to stop him; he jumped over a paling about four feet high, which brought him into a field of plowed ground; he made a push towards the farther part of the field, then he made towards Mr. Shakespear's timber-yard; I was not ten yards behind him when he jumped over that paling; then I said, you are as safe as a bird in a cage; for I knew he could not get from thence. I stopped to see that he should not come out of that place again; I never lost fight of him till he got over that paling. When he was taken, my master, the constable, searched him in my presence; there was nothing as I saw found upon him.
I belong to the timber yard. I heard there was a footpad there; I got a light, and searched, and the prisoner was found under the shed amongst the timber; he was searched, but there was nothing found upon him; I then went and searched the place from whence he was taken, and found a white metal button and an halfpenny.
This button was coming off my coat a few days before that, and I put it into my waistcoat pocket, where the halfpence were taken from.
This man might put the button there himself; he was at the place; I know nothing of it.
To Collins. Was you perfectly sober that night?
Yes, I had not drank any thing strong all that day.
Are you sure the prisoner was one of the three persons?
I am.
