On the 30th of November I went to bed about twelve o'clock. When we were in bed my wife said she thought she heard a noise below, she thought it might be the dogs; I did not give much heed to it.
Where do you live?
At the King's Head in Little Queen-street, Lincoln's-Inn-fields . She desired my daughter to listen, which she did but heard no more noise.
Nobody got up?
No. In the morning I got up a little after five, as I was to go out early; I went into the bar and found the cupboard of the bar broke open.
Did you miss any thing out of it?
Yes, we missed four tea-spoons, a pap-spoon, a pair of tea-tongs, and a quantity of half-pence, which my wife put in over night.
Is she here?
No.
When do you know of their being there yourself?
We make use of them three or four times a day; they are usually kept there. The prisoner has owned to every thing we have lost. I was sent for by Jones the constable; a gentleman had stopped the tea-tongs, which was the means of bringing the other things to light.
I am a gold-beater. On Thursday the 2d of December, a boy, who is in court, brought some silver to me to sell.
Was that the prisoner?
No. He said he had it from the prisoner; I looked at it and found it was a pair of tea-tongs cut into twenty pieces; I stopped him and the silver and took him before Justice Girdler, who committed him that night till the other boy was found.
How old are you?
Twelve years next June.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
No.
Do you know that you have taken an oath just now?
No.
You do not know what you did when you laid your hand upon that book?
Yes:
What did you do?
Took my oath.
What did you swear to do?
To speak the truth.
Do you know the consequence, if you should tell any thing that is not true, after you have taken that oath?
No.
Do you know that any ill-consequence will happen to you, if you speak any thing which is not true, after you have taken that oath?
No.
You do not know what the consequence will be if you take a false oath?
No.
He cannot be examined.
In consequence of this boy bringing some silver, and of something he told you, you went to Justice Girdler's?
Yes, I took him to Justice Girdler; he gave information, and the other boy, the prisoner was taken up the next day and brought before Justice Girdler.
Was you there when the prisoner was brought before the justice?
Yes.
What did he say before the justice?
He denied every thing at first; he said he found it among some ashes.
Did the prisoner in your hearing own that he gave that silver to the other boy?
Yes; he said he found it in some ashes; he said when he found them that he cut them to pieces with a knife and stone, as he thought they would sell the better. He was committed for further examination, and I was ordered to advertise them; I did not advertise them, because Berrow called and saw them, and said he thought they were his, the prisoner was then taken before Justice Girdler, and after we came away: - a witness is here who will tell you that he confessed the whole.
Here are the initials of my name on one of the pieces; two letters of my name and one of my wife's, J. E. B. those letters were on the tongs I lost.
I am a constable. I was present at the prisoner's examination; the first time he was committed for further examination; the second time he was brought up he confessed that he broke into Mr. Berrow's house; that he got on the leads and broke through the sash into the kitchen, when he went through the passage and got into the bar, and that he took out of the cupboard four silver teaspoons, a pap-spoon, and five shillings' worth of half-pence; he said he sent the pap-spoon to pawn by this boy for two shillings.
What is that boy's name?
Samuel Crafts .
Did he tell you where it was pawned?
Yes, at one Mr. Clark's, in Laystall-street, Cold-Bath-fields. He said there were two tea-spoons pawned at Mr. Lowe's, on Clerkenwell-green, for two shillings. I went there and found them also.
I went with the constable to the pawnbroker's with a search warrant, and Mr. Clark readily gave up the spoon and Mr. Lowe the two tea-spoons.
Have you got the spoons here?
Yes; the prisoner said he lost the other two tea-spoons out of his pocket coming down Holbourn, just after he committed the robbery. As for the tea-tongs, he said he broke them to pieces, and sent a boy to sell them in Fullwood's-rents, and he was to give him a few half-pence for his trouble. As to the five shillings' worth of halfpence he said he had spent them.
How old are you?
Not twelve yet.
Have you taken an oath?
Yes.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
No.
Do you know the consequence of speaking falsely after you have taken that oath?
No, I do not.
I cannot examine him.
My husband is a pawnbroker.
Do you know the spoon that is produced?
Yes.
Who was it brought by?
Craft's mother uses our shop.
All the things were pawned by the little boy?
Yes.
They are part of the things which were in the cupboard.
Did you examine to see how the house had been broke, and in what manner the person got into it?
Yes; we found the person had got in through a pane of glass in the window; he had a great way to drop down, I suppose seven feet, and had broke the frame of the sash.
Are there any shutters to the windows?
No; it is a back window on some leads which come to the back of the house.
I am thirteen years old; I have a father but he has broke his thigh and cannot come here.
