On Saturday night, the 14th of September, about twelve, I was going home up Drury-lane, this woman accosted me and asked me to give her a dram, and asked me if I had any objection to go to her lodging; it was late, and I said I had no objection provided it was safe. I went there, and when I went down to the lower room, I gave the woman a shilling for the use of the lodging; they gave us a candle, and she asked me for a present, I gave her 2 s. I told her to lock the door, because I had more money, I had my week's wages in my pocket; I saw the door locked; in about fifteen or twenty minutes, she was unlocking the door, I said you are not going away; I felt in my breeches, I found my money gone, the sixteen shillings was gone, and three-halfpence left.
When had you that sixteen shillings in your pocket?
When I went into the room, because I counted it over; I had nineteen shillings and three halfpence when I went into the house.
How did she get at your breeches pocket?
My breeches was off, and my shoes were off, I did not see her take the money, but there was nobody in the room; I ran down after her without shoes, and I could not follow her without shoes in the street. The next day I heard she was at a public-house; and I told her she must go with me to Bow-street; a man and five or six women said she should not go without a proper officer, and by that means she escaped out of the taproom window; I sent for a constable and secured the man that had assisted her in making her escape, and took him to the watch-house, and I saw the woman there. I am sure of the woman, she was taken up to Mr. Walker's, in Hyde-street, Bloomsbury; she said she had never seen me before: she said she was too quick for me, and would be so again.
I was sitting in the public house, this man, and another woman, and a child came in; he said that is the woman that robbed me; he said, if you will give me 4 s. I will make it up, I said, I have not four farthings. He sent for some man that he calls his brother-in-law, that blacks shoes in Bow-street, the constable took me: I leave myself to the mercy of the court.
