I am a gentleman , I live in John-street near Fitzroy Chapel: on Thursday the 3d of this month I was robbed at half after ten in the evening in Charlotte-street Rathbone-place : I was going home from a Coffee-house in Newman-street, I was on foot and alone; two men came up behind me with a quick pace and hemmed me in between the rails and door of No. 71, in that street, I asked them what they wanted, they said, your watch and your money; I seemed to hesitate, and they swore and threatened if I did not deliver it immediately they would use me very ill; I told them to behave handsome and they should have some money, I put my hand in my pocket, and gave one of them, I do not know which, all the money that was in that pocket; they did not seem satisfied with that, they said I must have more, they put their hands upon my left-hand pockets, and one of them said, yes, here is more and we must have it; they saved me the trouble of giving them that; they put their own hands in and pulled it out, after which they said they must have my watch, I made some little hesitation about giving the watch, but they threatened very hard that they would use me very ill, and so I let them have it; one of them put his hand in my fob and took it out; just as they were in the act of doing this, a man came round the corner of Tottenham-street, on seeing him they immediately run off; and without saying any thing to me, except, all is not right, he pursued them and cried out watch, they run down a street by Pitt-street, I lost sight of them running into Pitt-street very soon, but the man that came past, and the watchman, and others followed them, and I followed them as fast as I could, but I was a little lame: in Goodge-street afterwards I met a crowd, and they told me they had catched one of the men, and I went to the watch-house and immediately recognized the figure, and the cloaths of one of the men, his face I could not swear to, it was too dark for that; the next morning I attended the Rotation office in Litchfield-street, and he was committed: I afterwards found the watch, it is in my possession; I found the watch in the hands of Mr. Fletcher at the magistrate's.
Do you recollect whether the persons that robbed you had any weapons?
They had a case-knife, a common table knife, I did not see any other; I think the prisoner at the bar is the man that had the case-knife, but I am not positive.
You will excuse me asking you Sir, whether you was perfectly sober?
As sober as ever I was in my life.
How much money did you lose?
Two half guineas I think in gold, and about ten or eleven shillings in silver; all that was in both my pockets.
It was so dark you could not take any notice of his figure and face?
No Sir.
I suppose there was a hat flapped?
Yes.
This did not last many minutes?
Not half a minute.
Your observation could not be very accurate as to the dress?
The dress I was very sure of.
Had the prisoner when he was taken any hat on?
I think he had a round hat on, or a slouched one.
I was standing at Mr. Haythorn's, the corner of Goodge-street, the sign of the Talbot, I heard a hallooing out, Stop thief! I pursued him over into these gardens; I went out of the tap-room door as he crossed the road, he run up the gardens; there was no person besides this man, the prisoner at the bar, he was going to run into another gateway, and he overshot his turning, there was no thoroughfare where he run up; there was nobody else before me, that place was Coye's Gardens; I pursued him up to the top of the gardens, he turned about and said he would shoot me, and then I withdrew a little back; I followed him again, and he turned about again and said he would shoot me; I saw his hands drop, and I laid hold of his arms and pinioned him, and secured him, that was the prisoner.
Was he ever out of your sight?
Never.
Where was he when you first saw him?
Crossing the road, running right across from the Talbot.
Was any thing found on him that night?
No, but he went the next day and shewed where he had thrown the watch of the gentleman's, and we found it, I saw him at the office in the morning and I came away after I saw him, when he went in custody with two officers to shew where the watch was meant to be thrown, they found it, he carried them to No. 2 in Coye's Gardens; the watch was found in the house in a gentleman's pocket.
What was that gentleman?
A dancing master I think.
What was his name?
I do not know indeed, the runner took it out.
Do you know how it came into that gentleman's pocket?
No, I do not indeed.
Did that gentleman go back to the justices?
Yes Sir, he went and delivered it to the justice.
Who was the justice?
I cannot say indeed.
So the watch was delivered up to the runners, was it?
Yes Sir.
I am a watchman, I was within fifteen yards of No. 71, Charlotte-street, I came as soon as I could, these two men were coming within a yard of me, they came from the gentleman; they did not pass me, I did not let them; they crossed Charlotte-street into Pitt-street, and one of them blamed the other because he did not cut the gentleman's throat; if he had cut the gentleman's throat he said he could not have called watch; I cannot say what answer the other made, but he grumbled; and as we pursued them up Pitt-street, we heard something drop out of their hands, we thought it was a pistol or a watch; he turned to the right to John-street, and when he came to Goodge-street he turned to the right again into Coye's Gardens; there he was taken.
The two men that you saw, how far had you them in your eye?
One of them when he came to John-street, the prisoner at the bar turned to the right, and the other to the left; we followed the man that turned to the right, we thought he was coming into the body of the watchmen and the other was going into the fields, and we thought we should loose them; I kept my eye on him, but I lost sight of him for three minutes till he came into Coye's Gardens, I am quite sure, I kept him in my eye till he got into Coye's Gardens.
Did you see Hinton that night?
Yes.
Was the man that Hinton was running after, the same man that you was running after?
Yes Sir.
Did you take notice of the men as they came up to you?
Yes Sir, I took very particular notice. I knew very well the appearance of the prisoner; the prisoner is the very man that the gentleman called watch to; we brought him down to the middle of Pitt-street; we delivered him up to the other watchmen; and in the very place that the other witness remarked that we heard something fall, we found a large table-knife.
You did not see any thing fall?
No Sir, only heard it, I cannot tell which of the men it was.
Do you know any thing of the finding the watch?
No.
When you first heard the cry of Stop thief, the gentleman was at some distance from you?
About fifteen yards.
At that time the men were running away?
They were running to me, they came within two yards of me, and kept running on.
What time had you to make any observations on the persons of these men, who were running towards you, and passed as fast as they could?
They did not know, you see, that a watchman was before them.
No, but you told my Lord just now, that you had an opportunity of taking notice of their persons?
Yes.
Was it light that night?
Yes, moonlight.
Did you hear what the gentleman said just now, that it was so dark, he could not observe their faces?
He was frightened.
You did not offer to strike them with your stick?
No, my stick is not a yard long.
You did not see them for a moment?
I lost sight of them for three minutes when they came into Coye's Gardens.
Do you mean to swear that you never lost sight of them before they came into Coye's Gardens?
No Sir.
I thought you was so lame, you could not run fast, just now?
I was not lame; I am not lame, I followed them as fast as I could.
Did you see any pistols?
I saw none.
Is there any evidence of this watch being found; here has been a talk of the finding this watch at a house to which the prisoner carried it; I expect some account of this: who is the committing justice?
My Lord, I had my watch from Mr. Fletcher, at the Rotation Office, in Litchfield-street; he is not here.
How came he by it?
I do not know.
On the 3d of this month I was coming home, I saw the prisoner at the bar and another man, at Mr. Mackintosh's pockets, searching them, I was within three yards of them; I was in Charlotte-street, on the right-hand side coming out of Tottenham-street, about a dozen yards from the corner: I staid about a minute, thinking what they was a-doing; I believe they did not observe me, I was in black. I took particular notice of the prisoner, he was next to me; they turned from me after they had rifled his pockets, and crossed Charlotte-street into Pitt-street: I did not stop to ask Mr. Mackintosh any questions, but I believe he said, I am robbed. A little way down Pitt-street they made a little stop, and I thought they were going to turn on me, but they flung away a knife; I pursued one to the end of Pitt-street, one turned one way, and the other, the other: the prisoner turned to the right, and I was close to him. I called out, Stop thief! and when he got to John-street, as far as Goodge-street, he turned round to the left, and crossed Goodge-street: at Haythorn's corner, this man came up to my assistance, he was before that man; he ran up Coye's Gardens, which is no thoroughfare; there we took him and brought him back, at the end of Coye's Gardens. This man and I, and I believe, a person that lives at the end of the Gardens, came out, we met this watchman and some others; I told them to take him to the watch-house, and I said we will go to Pitt-street; and at the very spot where I saw him fling something away, we found a knife, which I believe is in court, a case knife, what a person dines with; it was the prisoner that flung down the knife, I never had my eyes off him, not a second, till Hinton got before me. The prisoner shewed them where the watch was.
You was nearer this man, than the watchman?
Yes, I was close to the prisoner; I did not see Berreghan till after the prisoner was taken.
How far was the watchman from the man?
I never saw the watchman.
How far was it off where you took the prisoner?
I suppose about one hundred yards.
Did you see Berreghan there at all?
Not till I got into Tottenham-court Road, out of Coye's Gardens, which faces Goodge-street.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
