I am a shoe-maker , No. 30, Little Newport-street, Soho ; I know the prisoner; he worked for me in the house; what we call a clicker; on the 16th, the prisoner was taken into my house, as a servant , and continued as such till May the 4th; on the afternoon of that day, about five, two gentlemen out of Frith-street sent for some shoes; some shoes were taken; the prisoner was looking round the shop for some shoes, and I went to look for a pair that were in the window, and I missed them; I asked the prisoner and another man about the shoes, and they replied, they knew nothing of them; I looked in my cash book and found they were not sold; upon that, I suspected they were gone in another way; the prisoner went with some shoes to the gentlemen, and I suspected the prisoner; nothing else was missing when I examined; a duplicate was given me by my man.
Is that man here?
No, the Justice did not think him necessary; I went over to Mr. Fletcher, at Litchfield-street-office; the duplicate being numbered, Mr. Fletcher sent me to Mr. Peake, in St. Martin's-lane, a pawn-broker; there I found a pair of my shoes, but not the shoes I missed; that strengthened my suspicions of the prisoner; I went home and called him in before my father-in-law, and said, Simpson, can you tell any thing of these shoes I have just missed? he said, no; I said, I strongly suspect you have taken them; and he said, Sir, you use me very ill; I said, I have a duplicate here of a pair of shoes that you have pawned; now tell me where you have pawned them; then he turned round, and said, Sir, I have pawned one pair of shoes; this was May the 4th.
Before he made that acknowledgment, had you given him any reason to hope that you would not prosecute him?
No, for my father-in-law gave me that caution; I asked him where he had pawned them; he directed me to another pawn-broker, in St. Martin's-lane; I then concluded he had pawned more; I think he mentioned two or three other places, but not the place where I had been.
Did he say he had pawned other shoes?
Yes.
How many pair did he say he had pawned?
I cannot say, whether two or three pair.
Did he say where those were pawned?
I believe he hardly mentioned any name; he mentioned the places; one place in particular, in Long-acre, but could not recollect the name; in St. Martin's-lane amongst the pawn-brokers, I found three or four pair of my shoes; at Peake's, I found two pair; at Mr. Hall's, one pair; that was all I believe, I found for that evening; he was sent to the watch-house, and examined before the Justice; on Saturday morning, that was the 5th of May, he had mentioned a place which I had not time to go to; I think it was in Wardour-street; I desired the Justice to defer the examination till Monday Morning; in the interim, I applied to other pawn-brokers, and found shoes at each; at Mr. Heather's, Longacre, one pair; at Mr. Fleming's, Drury-lane, one pair; at Mr. Lane's, Drury-lane, one or two pair, I will not positively say which; at Mr. Priestman's, one pair; at Mr. Purse's, near the New-church, in the Strand, two pair; I went to one of them, by the direction of the prisoner, and to the other, by my own inclination, to see if there was any more; the several pawnbrokers have the shoes.
You say the prisoner confessed having pawned one pair of shoes?
He did.
Now are you quite sure that no promise was made him?
I am.
Was there no conversation previous to his confession?
No, Sir; I told him that I was in possession of a duplicate of one pair of shoes pawned; I did not tell him that I knew where they were, but I said, now Simpson, tell us where they are.
You had a man and a boy in the shop, besides the prisoner?
I had.
They had equal access to the shoes as this man?
They had.
I think you said you missed one pair of shoes that you did not find at the pawnbroker's?
I did.
So that whoever took those shoes, does not appear to be this man?
It does not.
He confessed to have pawned a pair of shoes, but you did not find them?
I did not find the shoes that I first missed.
I am servant to Mr. Peake, No. 32, St. Martin's-lane; I have seen the prisoner before, but I cannot positively swear that he is the man that pledged the shoes; I produce shoes pledged by one John Jackson .
How many pair are there?
Three pair, two that belong to Mr. Walker.
Who pledged them at your master's, and by what name?
Here is one pair pledged in the name of John Jackson , No. 20, Castle-street; we have down his place of abode; the other pair is pledged by one Ann Seborn , who said, she lived at one Simpson's, Orange-court.
Was the prisoner the John Jackson ?
I cannot positively say that it was him.
