Are you the person who went on the 8th of December to the house in Long-acre , where the prisoner lodged?
I was. I was the first person who went in; the door was on the latch; I lifted up the latch and went in; upon my right hand, about two yards in the passage there was a door which led into the kitchen or parlour on the ground floor; there was a little parlour behind that; the door between the two rooms was open; I saw the prisoner in that back room; she stood with her back towards me; there was a candle stood on the table; she stood beside it; she was rubbing something in her hand; I ran in.
What time of the day was this?
About eight o'clock; I laid hold of her, and Mr. Prothero then catched hold of her on the other side. The hand I laid hold of she clasped together; we opened it and a shilling dropped out. Her hand was wet and dirty. This is the shilling (producing it)
Did you find any thing else?
Mr. Prothero did; I only kept hold of her.
The shilling was wet at the time was it?
Yes; I had the shilling in my hand, it dropped through, being wet and dirty.
You are one of Sir John Fielding 's men?
I am.
You found the door open?
The outer door was shut, it was only on the latch.
This was on the ground floor at only eight o'clock at night on the 8th of December?
It was.
This prisoner stood in the room with her back to you?
Yes.
And this which you call a shilling was the only thing you took from her?
Yes.
The first information we had of the prisoner was from her own husband. Carpmeal went in first, I was close to him; he laid hold of the prisoner on one side, and I laid hold of her on the other. I said she had something in her hand; in the scuffle the shilling dropped. I found this pickle (producing it) in the room; I desired Mr. Clarke to take care of it.
You said the information was from her own husband, was that Benfield?
No, her husband is a labouring man, I believe; he was a ragged fellow, he came to the office and said his wife had left him and gone to live with Benfield, and they were coining in Long-acre.
After we took the men, we went to the lodging in Long-acre. When I came into the room I heard a shilling drop, I could not say from whom. There was some aqua fortis in a cup, and this was inside it (producing a pipkin with some pickle in it) by putting the mixed metal into this pickle, which is aqua fortis and water, it purges the silver on the outside. The shillings were perfectly white when they were taken out of the pickle. There was scowering sand upon her hand.
Was the prisoner the only woman you found in the house?
No, there was another woman in the other room.
An old acquaintance?
No.
The street door was on the latch?
Yes.
And the other door open?
Yes.
Is it a lodging-house?
It is supposed to be Benfield's brother's house.
This woman lived with Benfield as his wife?
She might; upon enquiry I heard he lay there one night.
Then she acted under the direction of her husband?
They were pretty far apart.
Would these shillings have continued white if they had been in use?
They would have turned coppery by wearing in people's pockets through the silver wearing off. By lying by, they are turned black.
To Carpmeal. The shilling appeared wet and dirty?
Yes.
What sort of dirt was it upon it?
It was sand.
Look at the pieces of coin, and see if they are or not counterfeits?
They are all bad.
I am very innocent of the charge.
