Between one and two, on the 23d of December, I first saw the prisoner in Soho-square ; he followed me, and came up and seized me by the collar, and demanded my money; it was a frosty morning and I fell down on the pavement; but I do not know whether it was by the violence of his seizing me or not; when I was down, he got astraddle over me, and put his hand into my right hand breeches pocket, and took out half a guinea, five shillings, and a bad shilling; he only felt in that pocket, and left half a guinea in it; he seemed very much confused, and his hand shook; he had his back towards my head then; and he then turned round and demanded my watch; I do not recollect perfectly whether I took it out or he; I was so much confused; but he snatched the watch either from my hand or pocket; he then turned round and ran off; I saw no weapon of any kind, he only used one hand; there was a watch box within fifteen or twenty yards, and the lanthorn hanging out; as soon as I saw him go past the watch box, I then called out watch, it was rather a light night; I was under three lamps; the right hand corner of the square; there are two doors, and three lamps together; from first to last he was about a minute taking this money and watch; the watchman came and turned his rattle, and we ran down Sutton-street; but we did not see him; we lost him in Hog-lane.
Now, from your seeing him a single minute, and in the confusion you was in, can you take upon you to say he is the man?
I have not a doubt but he is the man; I lay on my back all the time, and there were three lamps so near, I could not be mistaken.
But I understood you that some part of this single minute he had his back to your face?
Yes, his face was to me at first, then he turned his back, and then his face again; there was a shilling found upon him, a very bad shilling, a crooked one, which I think is mine, but I do not swear positively to it, because one bad shilling may be like another.
Where do you live?
In Oxford-street.
What business?
I was in the tea trade; I left off business about two months past.
I presume you was sober at the time?
As sober as I am now.
Last Saturday was a week I had information of this man; I went and found him; on searching him I found this shilling upon him; the prisoner told me he sold this watch for a guinea to one Thompson, a buckle maker, that lives in a court in the Hay-market.
Did you say any thing to him, that it would be better for him to confess?
No.
Did you threaten him?
No; he told me after he was examined, at the public house.
Did he say any thing of this before the Magistrate?
No.
Look at that shilling?
It is the same shilling I saw at the Rotation-office, which I think is mine; it is like the shilling I had in my pocket five or six months; I cannot swear positively to it; I went to the Rotation-office in Litchfield-street, and at Bow-street, and at Justice Walker's, and described the man, and took a great deal of pains, because I thought I should know the man again.
I went with Haylock to apprehend this prisoner, and found this shilling upon him; I was at the public house with Haylock and him after the examination, Haylock and the prisoner were in the parlour, and I was in the tap room, but what passed I do not know; there might be something pass between them.
Mr. Haylock asked me the question, and I told him; but nobody else knew any thing of it but Mr. Haylock and the gentleman; I leave it to God and the Court.
Was there another with him as an accomplice?
I was afraid to look up; he did not use me ill at all.
Have you any witnesses?
No, my family is an hundred miles in the country.
