I am porter to Mr. Benjamin Kenton the prosecutor. I had been out with a cart of oil to the other end of the town on the 13th of January; as I came up Ludgate-hill , I left the cart, and went the path-way round St. Paul's church-yard to meet the cart; when I met it I told the carter the cloth was hanging out of the cart; I then went round the cart, and saw that two hampers were lost out of the cart; I ran backwards and forwards; I saw a man and woman sweeping the kennel, I asked them if they had seen any thing of the hampers; they said two men went by with each a hamper; I went after them as far as London-stone, there I heard of them again; at Crooked-lane I over-took the prisoner with a hamper on his shoulder; I asked him where he was going; he said he did not know; I asked where the other man was; he said he was coming behind; I stopped him, and we staid a while; he then said he was gone on before; I said I would secure him. The hamper had the bottles mentioned in the indictment in it; I know them to be Mr. Kenton's property. We had been with wine to Lincoln's-Inn-fields, to the Strand, and to the Adelphi, and brought back three hampers of empty bottles.
You asked the man where he was going?
Yes.
And who he had the hamper from?
I asked him where he had them; he said out of St. Paul's church-yard, that he having boots on a man asked him to help them over the kennel.
Did he not tell you that a man in a brown coat who was coming after him was the man he had them of?
Yes, he said he hired him. There was no man coming after him. I asked him where he was going; he said he would not tell.
Are you sure the bottles are Mr. Kenton's property?
Yes.
I am a constable. A porter came to my house and said he had been robbed of two hampers of bottles, that he had got a man whom he desired me to go and take charge of. I went with him to a publick-house; there I saw the prisoner. I asked him how he came by the hamper. He said a man hired him to take it over the kennel, he having boots on; it was at the breaking up of the frost. I took him to the Compter, and there I left him.
You had intelligence from a woman or man sweeping the kennel, that two persons were gone along with hampers on their backs?
I had.
Where was that?
By the Old Change Cheapside.
I am a carman. I was driving the cart in which the hampers were. When Mr. Kenton's man left me on Ludgate-hill to go round the foot-way the hampers were in the cart; when he came again to the cart there were two hampers gone. He left me immediately, and came again and said he had got one of them.
As I was going by the back of St. Paul's church, a man hired me to carry the hamper to Crooked-lane; the witness came up after me and said it belonged to him; I bid him ask the man behind about it. I went to look for the man, but he was gone.
Did he attempt to run away?
No.
