I was employed by Mr. Elderton, who is an auctioneer , to remove some goods from Mr. Palmer's, a bankrupt, a man's mercer, in St. Martin's-lane to Mr. Elderton's in Bow-church-yard. I was in possession of the house; I employed a cart to take the goods away on the 14th of February.
Who did you employ?
Joseph Woolley . The prisoner was employed in removing1 some other goods which belonged to the bankrupt, which were purchased for him at the sale of the goods. Woolley and the prisoner assisted one another in removing the goods.
Who were you removing the goods for?
Mr. Elderton the auctioneer, who was employed by the assignees, Messrs. Richard Carpenter and Peter Chasley , to sell the goods; they had been sold at the sale, but not delivered to the buyers, and having occasion to quit the premisses, we were removing them to Mr. Elderton's. The garters mentioned in the indictment were made up in a parcel, there were 522 of them, I made them up in a parcel and laid them on the compter to go with other things by Woolley. I thought they were not secure in the paper they were in, and sent Woolley to get some brown paper; I tied them up in the brown paper and laid them on the compter for the purpose of loading in the cart; that was the last I saw of it; I missed it about half an hour after we had unloaded the cart at home.
Who was in the house at the time you put it on the compter?
The prisoner, Woolley, Nathaniel Pass , a maid servant, and one Foster, a shopman. The shop was open; nobody had any business to go in or out but the porters employed about the goods.
Who unloaded the cart?
Joseph Woolley , the carman, and Harper, one of the porters.
Did you make any enquiry after it when you missed it?
Yes, of Woolley. I never heard of its being found till after the prisoner was in custody. I know nothing of the finding of it.
Did you employ me to load the cart?
I did not employ him; he assisted Woolley, because Woolley had helped him to get the things down stairs.
I was employed to load the cart with some goods to be carried from Mr. Palmer's in St. Martin's-lane, to Bow-Church-yard. I assisted the prisoner and Pass. Myers sent me for some brown paper. I saw him make up the parcel, and lay it on the compter; that was the last I saw of it. I did not know but some of the other porters had put it in the cart. When I unloaded the cart, I did not observe whether or no it was in the cart: there were some circumstances that led me to suspect the prisoner. I went after him, and on the Friday evening following I sent for him to a publick-house, the corner of St. Martin's-court, and asked him about the parcel. He gave me some ill language. I got a constable and had him taken up. When we were together I said, it was very hard for me, for my master charged me thirteen pounds for that parcel. He said, Well then, I will tell you where the parcel is; I have got it, and if you will go with me you shall have it. The constable went with him and I followed him to his lodging. When we came to his lodging, I asked his wife for the parcel. She fell a crying, and said she had taken it to a house by the New-Church in the Strand; if you will go with me I will go and fetch it. The constable and one of the justice's runners went with her and returned in about an hour to the publick-house with the parcel.
Did you look at the parcel when they brought it?
Yes; the garters were in a bag, some of them were turned out upon the table before the justice. I believe them to be the same garters, I cannot positively say.
What was said to induce him to confess?
Nothing; only I said it was very hard for me to pay thirteen pounds. His apartment was below stairs, under ground.
He said he must make them good, and if I would deliver them up to him, he would be very friendly to me?
I did not.
I was the bankrupt's servant. I was drinking in the publick-house. I said to Morgan if you know any thing of these things tell me. Presently Joseph Woolley and another man came into the box, and then Morgan said the parcel was at his house in Tower-street, Seven Dials.
Who did he tell it to?
All three of us; we were in the box together. We had a strong suspicion that he had the parcel.
What was said to him before he confessed this?
I asked him whether he knew any thing of the parcel or not, and then he said directly, the parcel I will fetch you in five minutes.
There was nothing said to induce him to confess?
Nothing at all. His wife fell a crying, and said, she had taken the parcel out of the house, and would go and fetch it.
How did you know she was his wife?
They lived together as man and wife. I went with her to one Mr. Sharpe's, a stationer, by the New Church in the Strand. I stopped on the outside. The man who has the things went in with her. In the morning I told him if he knew any thing of the parcel, and would tell us, I would be a friend to him; he said then that he knew nothing about it.
Did you repeat that when he confessed in the publick-house?
No; it was four or five hours after I said I would be a friend to him that he confessed.
I have a parcel of silk knee-garters that were advertised. I think there are forty-eight dozen (producing them.)
I believe these to be the garters that were lost.
Do you know who had bought them at the sale?
One William Brookes , I believe.
Had he paid any thing in part?
No.
Was you present when the parcel was found?
Yes.
Was you present when the prisoner confessed having them?
Yes; I was with Woolley and Pass, sitting by him. He was asked if he knew any thing about them; he hummed and ayed some time, and then he said knew of them, and if I would go along with him, he would show me where they were. I went with him to his lodging in Tower-street; he lodged down in the kitchen, under ground. He asked his wife where the brown paper bag was, she fell a crying directly, and said if I would go along with her she would go and show me. I went with her to a stationer's shop opposite the New Church in the Strand.
Did you go into the house with her?
Yes; she went down into the kitchen; I followed her; when I got down some of the garters were in her apron, some in a bag, and some on a board.
Are these the things you found?
Yes; I carried them back to Morgan; he said he found them in St. Martin's-lane. He said he kept them because he thought they would be advertised, and he should have a reward for them.
You assisted in loading this cart?
Yes.
Do you remember seeing the parcel?
I never saw it after it was tied up.
Was this parcel one of the last things to be put in the cart?
It was very near the last.
Was it a covered cart, or an open cart?
An open cart, a common town cart.
Was it pretty full?
About as high as the sides of the cart. There were some chests of drawers, and a bed on the copse of the cart.
Whether the parcel was put in the cart?
I never saw it taken off the compter to be put into the cart.
You published a hand-bill?
Yes (producing it) I and Pass went to deliver them all round the trade. Myers got them printed; they were brought to our house to be distributed.
Did you read the bills before you distributed them?
Yes.
Did you tell your master or Mr. Myers that the bill was wrong?
No. My master asked me if I followed the cart, I said yes. He said, was I sure it was in the cart; I said I did not see it in the cart at all.
Did you direct the printing of the hand-bill?
Yes.
I found the parcel in St. Martin's-lane. It was very wet. I carried it home and put it out of the paper into the bag. I did not know whose they were.
Did you follow the cart immediately?
No; I overtook it just as it came to Chandos-street.
