Have you lost any thing out of your house?
Yes; after the watchman went past eleven o'clock as I was going up to bed, I went into the dining room to see if the windows were fast, as we usually do before we go to bed; I found the dining room shutters open and the sash up; I went into the back room and missed seven curtains.
Was there any appearance of their having been in that room?
Yes, the maid had swept the dining room, and there was a blanket on the floor with some of the sand upon it, and some wet sand in the middle of the room, and the mark of a foot in the dining room; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment. Three of the dining room window curtains are found. I saw them at Sir John Fielding 's.
There were some pieces of these curtains in the office, this lady came to see the things, and said these were her window curtains; that was two or three days after we apprehended the prisoner; I told her the curtains of Bagnall's bed were of the same pattern, if she would go and see them she might; accordingly she and I and another officer went to Bagnall's; the curtains were on the bed, then she said they were her's, and we took them down.
Were these curtains on the bed when you took him on the 18th?
Yes
You do not know who brought them to Sir John Fielding 's?
Labour did.
I found these things in the bottom drawer among Mrs. Bagnall's things.
This is a piece of the same pattern, I have brought it from home, it was the furniture of the whole room.
Do you know the length of your curtains before they were cut?
I think three yards and a half or three yards and a quarter, I do not know which.
Are any of them now as you lost them?
They are torn to pieces; I believe here is one the full length, three yards and a quarter; here is our silk fringe, they are bound with the same; there are some iron moulds on the binding.
Had you observed these iron moulds before?
I have not seen them now.
You took the prisoner?
Yes.
Do you recollect what furniture was to the bed?
This furniture was to the bed.
I know nothing of the matter; the gentlewoman never saw me till she saw me at Sir John Fielding 's, I believe; at the time of this robbery I was ill in bed; the woman below bought these things; and, I believe, has a receipt for them.
Here are two iron moulds upon them.
Any curtains that are washed with the rings on will have iron moulds?
They may.
