I live at Brentford , I am the wife of John Blackshall ; on the 5th of March, the prisoner came into our shop between eleven and twelve, there was no body in the shop when she came in, I did not see her take the things, but a little boy saw her with them in her apron, and I saw the things lay at the street door upon the step, and she was in the street running away, there were six pair of stays and two gowns, twenty three handkerchiefs altogether, but I cannot remember directly what sort they were, there was one cotton shawl, the prisoner was taken and brought back to the shop, she was charged with taking the things, and asked my pardon, and said she did it for want.
How old are you?
In my thirteenth year.
Do you know what you came here for?
For what?
For this woman to be tried.
What do you come to do?
For an evidence.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
What will be the consequence if you speak what is false?
If I take a false oath, I must go to the Devil.
That is very true, and besides that you will be liable to be punished here for it.
My mistress was gone out of the shop into the kitchen, and left me to rock the child, I was in the parlour fronting the shop, I got up and said to the little girl that was with me, who minds the shop, and then I saw a woman going out of the shop with her lap full, and I opened the door and run after her and jumped down the steps, and before she got to the next door I caught her, and I asked her what she had got there, and she said, nothing, I said, I am sure you have, and you shall come back, she said I shall not you saucy dog, says I, I will make you, then she said, I will come back and shew you what I have got, and when she came to the steps, I saw her throw down the linen and run away again.
Were these the same things that lay on the step when your mistress came up?
I cannot be sure of that, because I left them, and a gentlewoman picked them up.
How far was the woman and the little boy got when you found the things on the step?
About thirty yards, I saw the little boy running after her, and immediately on my coming out, I saw the things laying on the steps.
How do you know them to be yours, have they any particular mark?
By handling them so often, and having them in my shop.
But several of the things I see are common goods, the handkerchiefs for instance, have they any mark?
Several of them have.
Pick out such things as you can be sure to speak to, Mr. Blackhall.
This gown I marked.
What may the value of that gown be?
Ten shillings, this gown I am sure of.
What may that be worth?
This is valued at seven shillings, it is marked to sell at ten shillings; the stays are all marked.
Were they marked before they were lost?
What may the stays be worth?
I valued them at twenty five shillings.
I never was near the shop, I was used very ill indeed by that boy coming from the Justice's; he used me very ill, and as for an apron, I had no such thing on; the boy said coming away, he would have a journey to London, he liked the ride. I have not a creature in the world to speak for me.
Did you ever lose sight of the woman, after she dropped the things?
No, Sir, only when she turned the corner.
Not a minute.
