On Friday the 19th of January I hired the prisoner as a servant ; she came to my house that day. On Monday the 22d, I went out to enquire after her character; I went out about eleven and came home between three and four; the prisoner was gone, and I missed the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) As soon as I came home I missed two table-spoons out of the beauset. Then I went up stairs, and missed all my wearing apparel out of the trunk.
Was the trunk locked?
I believe it was, I could not open it with the key as usual. I believe the lock had been picked. The prisoner did not return again to my house. I ran directly to Bow-street, and told Justice Fielding's men I had been robbed and that I had been to Kensington to enquire her character. They advised me to go to Kensington again to make further enquiry. She had lived I found seven months with them. I enquired if they knew any poor people she was acquainted with? A gentleman went to see after her, and caught her.
On being informed by the prosecutrix that she had been robbed, I went to the publick poor-house in Gore-lane. I found the prisoner in the yard, that was on Monday the 22d of January, between five and six in the evening. She was in conversation with another person, and there was a bundle lying beside her, and a banbox. I seised her with one hand and the bundle with the other, and told her she must go with me, and I brought her and the things to my lodging, where the prosecutrix was. She made an attempt to escape when I laid hold of the bundle, but I told her she should not. She did not say any thing that I recollect.
I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner brought these spoons (producing them) to pawn on the 22d of January, and told me she had bought them from Mrs. Dalton's, in Surrey-street. I said I could not take them in without seeing her mistress, that was about twelve o'clock. I live in Holles-street, Clare-market. I said I would send one of my people with her. She said she was going to the market to take a joint of meat home, and she would call for my man to go with her. She left the spoons, but never returned till I saw Mrs. Dalton at night.
I have no witnesses. I lived with that gentlewoman seven months; I am sure I never took any thing out of the house.
When she was taken she was stripped and a number of my things were found about her.
