On the 28th of February I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) when the prisoner was taken I heard him declare that his accomplice sold the linen for twenty-six shillings, and that he stayed in Petticoat-lane till they brought him the money.
On Monday the 28th of February last, about six in the evening, I delivered to Mr. Henry Hollingworth a box of linen at Westham, containing the things mentioned in the indictment, to go to Mr. Watts' town-house, near Aldgate church.
I drive the Plastow coach. On the 28th of February I received a box from the last witness. I put it into the coach. I had nobody in the coach, but some passengers whom I very well knew; the passengers got out of the coach in Whitechapel; the box was then in the coach. When I had taken the money of the passengers, as I was going to get on the box to take the coach into the rank, I saw my door open on the opposite side; I immediately missed this box. I did not observe any body about. I have seen the prisoner before about Whitechapel .
I work at a butcher's. One night between seven and eight o'clock, as I was coming home from my work, I do not know what night it was, I believe it was a Monday night, about five weeks ago, I stopped to speak to one Mrs. Wood; I saw Moses Fonseka open the door of a Plastow coach and take a paper hat box out. There were two others with him; he handed it over to one of them, and they went down Petticoat-lane. I told Mr. Wood of it; and we went down Petticoat-lane but could not see any thing of them; they were gone as if they were bewitched. I heard they were afterwards taken in Shoreditch.
The coachman came and acquainted me with the affair. I sent for Lyons to go in search of the last witness, who I heard had seen the person take the things out of the coach; when the prisoner was taken he denied taking the box out of the coach; but when he came out from before the alderman, he said he took it, and that the persons concerned with him were Elias Davis and Solomon Levi ; he went back and said the same before the alderman; he said, they sold the things in Petticoat-lane, and he waited till they brought the money.
The prosecutor has bribed David Jonas ; he has given him a new pair of shoes and stockings and some money.
What he declares of my giving the boy shoes or stockings or money is false.
