I am keeper of Tothill-fields Bridewell, I have a warrant under the hand writing of Sir Sampson Wright, for the commitment of William Stewart ; there was no other in that warrant but Stewart.
What, is it on suspicion of burglary? the words of the act of Parliament are,
My Lord, there is another case before you, reserved upon this very point; the case before was not mentioning felony, it was the case of the King and Richard Walker ; and there was a case came before all the Judges, about twelve years ago, where upon an indictment of this nature, under the statute of the 16th of George II . for conveying in several things for an escape, it was not expressed in the warrant that it was for felony, and the Judges were all of opinion that it was not within the act of Parliament, and the prisoner was discharged; I took the objection myself, it was a woman that escaped out of the Poultry Compter.
I was first going to make the objection myself, when your Lordship spoke; I believe the case is very plain, if your Lordship will have the goodness to reverse the case, if the facts are sufficient against the prisoner.
The case that is reserved is, a man was conveying a man to gaol, and they got out a knife, and cut him across the face, and attempted to cut his throat, it was tried at Maidstone, and the man was convicted, but it struck Mr. Justice Gould, as it has your Lordship, and he reserved the case.
My Lord, this rope and iron were found hanging down in the prison, I was within a yard of the person that found it: I saw that found on the side of the wall withinside of the prison, joining my apartment; I hastened by the back of the prison to seek for Stewart, thinking I should find the prisoner Stewart, I went to the field called Dr. Fordyce's field, at the back of the prison, and I found this end of the rope there, the boy that stood before me, said, I saw the man that goes about with bull dogs here about seven, and another said, that must be Gibbons; a handkerchief was found the next morning, the irons were found in the prison, cut off at top, and the other brought back by two people.
Who found that iron in the prison?
My turnkey, he is not here; I saw the prisoner on the Wednesday afternoon, he came down with another man, the escape was on the Tuesday.
You did not find those irons yourself?
No.
Nor you did not see any person make use of that rope and stick?
No.
Is that rope and stick in the same state in which it was found?
Yes, the prisoner was stopped by my turnkey; when we taxed the prisoner, he said, it was very unlikely he should be the person that should assist Stewart out, and then come down there afterwards.
I keep a public house about ten yards from the gaol, I saw the prisoner on Tuesday the 8th of March, about half an hour after two go into the gaol, and come out about five.
Who was in the gaol then?
I cannot tell, I heard about half after seven, Stewart escaped, I happened to be at that time at Dr. Fordyce's gardens with their people, I ran into the garden ground, the north-west part of the goal, and this part was hung down into the gaol, and the other part was hanging into the garden ground, this handkerchief.
Is that a thoroughfare?
No, it is a private garden, this knife was found on the prisoner when he was taken into custody.
I saw the handkerchief picked up, and somebody said it was Stewart's.
When the prisoner was taken up, did he say who he was in company with?
No.
In whose possession has that rope been?
Mine.
I am a turnkey, I saw the prisoner come in the goal on the 8th of March, between two and three, he was walking with Stewart to and fro, I do not know what time he went out, he did not speak to me, he spoke to Harry Wright who is not here, I found the rope hanging down the wall.
I live with Mr. Price, I know the prisoner, I saw him walk out of the gaol about five, and go the outside of the gaol towards Collins's, after that I saw him very near seven o'clock, in Dr. Fordyce's field over the corner upon the bank.
How near did you see him from the wall of the prison?
About a hundred yards from where the prisoner got out, there is no foot way there, I did not know what he was about; I am sure that was the man, I I am positive of it, I knew him two years ago, he goes out with bull-dogs.
What account did you give of this business before Sir Sampson Wright at the first hearing?
Quite the same I do now.
You are sure of that?
Yes.
Did you tell Sir Sampson, that you was not sure as to the person of the prisoner?
I said, I was sure that was the man.
Peatt. You are quite sure you did not express any doubt before Sir Sampson Wright, as to the prisoner's person?
Yes.
Recollect yourself?
Yes, I am sure I said, that is the person I saw in Dr. Fordyce's field.
And during the whole examination you expressed no doubt?
I said that was the man.
Did you say you thought he was the man, or that you believed he was the man?
I said, I believed he was the man.
It is reduced into writing here.
There is no foot-path where he stood?
I have been partly all over it, and there is no foot-path in it.
What was you doing in the field?
I was rummaging straw in the next field.
Are there not pathways among the flower beds?
Not where that man stood.
Where the boy stood, and where the prisoner was, there was neither path nor road.
Have you seen other people there at different times?
No, only them that belong to it.
He had escaped at seven or a quarter past seven?
Yes.
Had you any reason for knowing it was that time?
I think it must be about that time.
I went into this gaol, on Tuesday to see one William Brown , and likewise I had a message to deliver from a publican in Swallow-street, about a man that was quartered there, and hitting a man over the head with a quart pot, and I went there to see if I could get the man out, I went in the gaol, and as soon as I got in the gaol, Wright stopped me for assisting Steward, then he sent for the boy, and he said I was the person, he thought he saw me about there, and in the morning before Justice Gilbert he said, I believe it is, I think it is; says the Justice, you must be sure, no, says he.
On the 8th of March, I went to see the prisoner's brother to drink a dish of tea; about six in the evening, he asked me to take a walk to see the house he was building, and when I came down there, he missed something, and he desired I would take care of his house, I staid there about two hours, the prisoner came there to see for his brother, and they asked him to go to a chair club.
What time did the prisoner come there?
About twilight, I believe, as near as I can guess it was between six and seven; the prisoner staid there three quarters of an hour, as near as I can recollect.
Where was this house?
In Margaret-street, down the back of High-street, Mary-le-bon; I suppose a mile and an half, or near two miles from Tothill-fields.
How came you to recollect?
My brother informed me he was taken in custody, and desired I would speak what I knew.
Did you attend before the Magistrate?
Yes.
Was you examined?
Yes.
Did you tell him the same story?
Yes, before Sir Sampson, and before Mr. Addington.
What makes you recollect the hour?
I cannot tell what makes me recollect the hour, but I am positive of it, it was twilight.
Whether it was near six or seven you cannot tell?
It was half past five when we came to the prisoner's brother, and I suppose it might be three quarters of an hour after that I saw the prisoner.
How long did he stay there?
As near as I can tell three quarters of an hour; I had no watch nor clock, I only recollect the day from the circumstance I am called here upon.
Was it the 5th or the 6th?
It was the 8th, I recollect by the ticket, I read it, as near as I can recollect it was,
I do not remember the sign.
When were they to meet at this club?
The same evening, I believe.
What, do not you know?
I am sure the same evening, I will not be positive to the sign, but it might be the crown.
The prisoner came to enquire whether his brother was at home; did the brother go with you to see the building?
Yes, and he went away directly; he desired I would look at the place, and see how far he had got.
Then you staid very near two hours at the building?
He desired I would stay there till he came back.
What time did the brother come back?
Not above a quarter of an hour after the prisoner went away.
What time did the prisoner go away?
As near as I can recollect it was between seven and eight, he had been with me all that time.
What could induce you to stay two hours there, when one hour of that must be quite dark?
There was a fire to sit by.
There were none of the workmen there?
No, I was never long acquainted with the prisoner, his brother is something in the coach way.
What was he building this house for himself?
Yes, I believe the prisoner is something in the same branch, but I do not know.
I am a coach-maker.
