I live in Mile-end road . There was a fire next door but one to my house, on the 1st of October, between seven and eight at night. I saw the prisoner in my apartment. I thought he was my friend's acquaintance, that came to help me, and my friend thought he was my acquaintance. He was very busy packing and carrying things away. He was quite a stranger to me, though I find since he lived just facing me. The next day I went about among the neighbours, to ask if they had any goods of mine brought to them from the fire. The prisoner came to me, and said he had three arm-chairs in his room, and did not know who they belonged to; I might go up, and look at them. I went up. Two of the chairs were mine; the other I did not know. I said, If you have any thing else of mine, I shall be obliged to you, and I will satisfy you for your trouble in taking care of them. He said, I have nothing more, that I know of, of yours; but you may look over my room, if you choose it. I said, No; you certainly know if you have any thing more belonging to me: I can take your word. I had a friend with me, and we took the two arm-chairs. When I was in bed at night, I thought, as I had lost a great many things, where the chairs were, there might be more of my things. I got a warrant in the morning. I went with the officers of the justice, and called the prisoner by his name, and said, I had a suspicion he had some goods of mine. He said, No. I said, Friend, be honest; you shall not be hurt, if you will deliver my goods which you have got; for I have a search-warrant with me. He said I might go and search the place; for he had nothing at all. I desired him to shew us the way up stairs. He went before us; and I went into his room, and found all the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them)
What did the prisoner say?
He began scolding his wife, and said he would bang her for suffering these things to be brought in.
Here is a part of my floor-cloth I found in the cock-lost, under some wood: I am sure it is mine.
I never was in the prosecutor's apartment in my life. I told him to search my room on the Tuesday, to see if there was any thing of his. I know no more than what I told him of.
To the Prosecutor. Can you be very sure, in the condition of the fire? Did you see the prisoner in your apartment?
I am quite certain of it: I saw him carry things out.
