On the 2d of March last, I was going to Fulham about half past eight, and I met the prisoner.
Was it dark?
Was there a moon?
None that I could see, the prisoner and another man met me on the road, the prisoner collared me with one hand, and with an opened knife held the other to my throat, and desired me to deliver; I told them not to use me ill, with that the other man began to rifle my pockets, he let the hand which was on my collar go, and took my watch out of my inside coat pocket, which I had put there when he first stopped me, and I suppose he saw me, he asked me which way I was going, says I this way towards Fulham; he clapped his hand on my shoulder, and desired me to go along and not say a word, he towards London and run, and I turned and run after him, and I halloo'd a robbery! And he was afraid I suppose the send way, and he jumped over a thorn hedge into a field; I got over the hedge after him directly; he struck at me, I was afraid he had a knife in his hand, and might have ruined me, and I halloo'd out, murder! and after a few strokes I caught him by the breast, and got him down two or three times, and no one came up yet, but the watchmen hearing me halloo murder! and robbery! came to my assistance, and I had him in my custody, and keeping.
Whereabout was it?
What else did you lose?
Nothing else, one of the watchmen took the watch and is present to produce it.
I am a watchman at Brompton-row.
Did you hear any outcry of robbery, and murder?
I heard a great outcry of murder, I had my lanthorn and my stick, and I run as fast as I could, when I jumped over the hedge, this man and that gentleman there, the prisoner, were over the hedge, and he had hold of him by the collar, the prisoner said, there is the watch, watchman, it dropped out of my pocket, I turned round, and saw the watch hanging in the hedge.
Had you searched for the watch before he said there it is?
Yes, I searched his pockets, and he said, there is the watch in the hedge, and I turned, and saw the watch hanging in the hedge.
Is there any particular mark on the outside?
What do you know it by?
I know it by the chain and seals.
What is the name of the watch?
I have nothing to say for myself; I have not a friend in the world to speak for me; I plead for mercy of the court.
