I am a linen-draper in Milk-street. I am in partnership with Mr. James Neale , who occupies the upper part of the premises where we carry on our business; but the counting-house, which was broke open, is in the joint occupation of my partner and myself; is held upon the partnership account: Mr. Neale accounts to the partnership for a rent for that part of the house, and then the whole house is charged to the partnership account. On Sunday the first of April, early in the morning, I was informed the counting-house was broke open; upon examination I found the desks all broke; the key of the iron safe had been got at; the tin box, in which we keep our bills and papers locked up, was taken out; the hinges of the desk were broke off, and I missed a particular bill of exchange described in the indictment, a bank post bill, for 20 l. and upwards of 10 l. in money. The prisoner had been a servant in our house for a year and a quarter.
I am a porter to Messrs. Neale and Wright. The night before the counting-house was robbed, at about half past eight o'clock, as I was returning home, I saw the prisoner leaning against the warehouse shutter, looking in at the window; upon my ringing the warehouse bell, the prisoner went off into a little court, and as he entered the court, he turned back and looked at me. Upon the next day, Sunday, the 1st of April, I got up about a quarter before six o'clock. I sleep in the top of Mr. Neale's house, and am a servant of the partnership. I got a key of the shop-door from Mr. Perkins, another person belonging to the house: as I was going towards the cellar with a light, I saw the door of the lower warehouse open; I told Mr. Perkins of what I had seen; I examined, and found the chain of the fore door was down, but the door was locked and bolted; there were marks of the lock having been wrenched. I found the counting-house door broke open; two desks were broke open; the iron chest was standing open: all this I reported to Mr. Perkins, who immediately dressed, and came down; I then informed Mr. Wright; Mr. Wright, Mr. Perkins, and I, examined, and discovered what was lost.
I am a washerwoman. I live in Upper Thames-street. The prisoner came to me upon the first of April, about seven in the morning; he had promised to breakfast with me. He looked as if he had been up all night; he said he had been moving. I did not examine what that meant particularly; but I observed he went to the ironing-board, and pulled out some counterfeit halfpence: he told me he had been at the other end of the town to receive a bad debt; he proposed to have coffee for his breakfast, and he had coffee; then he cleaned and dressed himself, and promised to come again the next day, which he did, and gave me his linen to wash.
I live in Broad-street. The prisoner called upon me the afternoon of that Sunday; he owed me 2 l. 8 s. he paid me 1 l. 7 s. and promised to pay the rest in a month's time. I gave the money he paid to me to Ramsden.
Amongst the money here is a piece (producing it) which seems to pass for 6 d. but is larger than a 6 d. it is base metal.
I am a bottle merchant. The prisoner came to my house upon the first of April, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning. He had a trunk at my house: he went and staid a minute at his trunk; he then came out, and pulled some money out from his pocket; he paid me a guinea, and said, he was very glad he had it in his power to pay me. He went into the room again; he had some half pence: he said he had been at the other end of the town to receive a bad debt; he asked me to change the half-pence for silver, which I said I would do in a day or two. I saw him again on the Monday morning: he appearing to be doing something, raised my wife's curiosity; she asked me to go in and see what he was about. I saw him with a piece of paper in his hand; I asked him what it was: he said a 20 l. bank post bill, or a 20 l. bank bill; I can't be sure which; I looked at it twice. Upon the same day, in the afternoon, I saw him again; he then had been in the fields, and one of his legs was dirty: he asked for some paper; I brought him a sheet of paper; I tore it, and gave him one half; what he proposed to do with it, I did not know; only he asked for a pen and ink; I said I had not one; he said then, Never mind, I can get one at the post-office.
I am wife of the last witness. I saw the prisoner sold up that half-sheet of writing paper which my husband gave him, and I saw him seal it with a waser: whether he put any thing in it, or no, I cannot tell; it was not directed at my house; he said he would direct it at the Post-office.
The very day after this transaction, I received, under a cover directed to Neale and Wright, the bill of exchange for 276 l. 5 s. which was stolen out of the iron chest: that bill is unsatisfied. Our suspicions originally fell upon the prisoner, in consequence of a report made to us by the porter, that the prisoner, who had been a servant in the house, was seen looking in at the warehouse window on the preceding night, for I had before been convinced that this fact must have been committed by some one that knew the house, and knew where we deposited the key of the iron chest, and knew the way of the house and the counting-house: the porter mentioning that circumstance, that occasioned our suspicion. The prisoner came on the Tuesday night about eight o'clock, with a gentleman's clerk, to our house.
I am a clerk in the Penny-post Office, Coventry-street. This letter came from our office; it has the mark upon it.
I live with Messrs. Neale and Wright. I know the hand-writing of the prisoner at the bar; I have often seen him write: I believe the direction of this letter, which Mr. Neale received, to be the prisoner's handwriting.
I am apprentice to Mr. Price in Postern Row, Tower-Hill. I happened to find the pieces of a bank-note of 20 l. in the Tower Ditch, upon Wednesday the fourth of April.
I sleep with the prisoner. About this time (it was on the Saturday night, to the best of my remembrance) the prisoner did not sleep at home. I remember he was absent one night; I think it was that Saturday night.
The last witness said I laid out on the 31st; I believe that was not the night the robbery was committed. I know nothing of it at all; I paid Kirby money, but can't tell what it was.
