I am a baker . I was going home to Kensington, on Saturday evening the 27th of January, about a quarter after seven o'clock. Four men came up to me, the prisoner Webber, was one; Webber presented a pistol to my breast, and bid me stop! I said I had very little money. Then the other three got round me; one took a silk handkerchief off my neck; another put his hand into my right hand breeches pocket and took out a guinea, two half guineas, and nine shillings and six pence in money. Webber stood with a pistol towards me while the other persons took my money. It was a clear moon-light night, and I saw his face very plain, for he had no disguise but a flapped hat. I am positive to his person. They were about two minutes committing the robbery. When they were going off, one struck me on the bur of the ear, and knocked me down; it was a bludgeon I believe, or the but-end of a pistol with which he struck me. I saw the prisoner in Bow-street, on the 5th of February. I said when I first saw him there, that I believed him to be the man to the best of my knowledge in every respect. I picked him out at the publick-house, the Brown Bear ; I knew him by his surtout coat, round hat, his own hair, and his stature.
He said before the justice he only knew me by my surtout coat and round hat?
No, I knew him by his coat, his hat, his stature, and by his face too. I took his stature to be five feet eight or nine inches.
I had my own brother came to Justice Addington's; the prosecutor hardly knew which of us was the man. I am not the only person who wears a brown coat and a round hat.
What dress was he in when you took him up?
The dress he is in now.
Was that the dress the man was in when you was robbed?
Yes.
I am borther to the prisoner.
Was you in Bow-street?
I went there on Tuesday. I was put by my brother for the man to look at me as well as him. I was kept there a prisoner. The prosecutor said he believed the man who robbed him was about five feet seven or eight inches, but he could not tell. He looked very hard at me as I
stood there, after they were taken away. I was dressed then just as I am now.
Did Gulliver challenge your brother or any of them?
He looked round; he could not fix upon the man; at last he said that is the man; he thought he might be the man. He said he was a man of about twenty-seven or twenty-eight years of age.
Was the Tuesday when you was in Bow-street the first time you challenged the prisoner?
It was.
Had you any doubt whether the prisoner or his brother was the man?
I went down to the bear immediately and clapped my hand upon the prisoner, and said that was the man.
Had you any doubt at that time which was the man?
No; I clapped my hand upon his breast immediately, and said that was the man.
You did not say, of the two you thought the prisoner was the man?
No, no such a word.
Was any person present when this passed before the justice?
There was a person but he is not here.
