I lived at Lord Mansfield's in June last.
What happened at the house on the 7th of June?
It was pulling down between three and four o'clock in the morning. A vast many people were assembled.
Was there any particular cry among the mob before they began to pull down the house?
No. Just as they began to break the windows they made an huzza. I saw the prisoner in the two-pair-of-stairs room. There were about a dozen people with her; she was slinging the things out of the window, the room was destroyed in which she was, with the furniture and the lady's clothes.
Was any part of the room itself destroyed?
Not till about a quarter of an hour after when the wainscoting was pulled down.
Was it pulled down by the same persons who broke into the house first or by the same set of people?
I cannot tell.
How long was she in the house?
About a quarter of an hour.
Was she there during any part of the time the house was demolishing?
Yes, in the two-pair-of-stairs room; the wainscoting was pulling down while she was there. I did not hear the prisoner in particular say any thing; she was only throwing the things out of the window.
You saw her there about a quarter of an hour?
Yes.
Did you see her at all afterwards?
No.
Was the house itself entirely demolished in the inside?
Yes.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
No.
What led you to take particular notice of her?
I took particular notice of her clothes, her face, and her person.
What light had you?
There was plenty of light there.
Was there any other women in the room while you saw the prisoner there?
Yes, there were several more women; there might be about five or six in the whole.
Did you take more particular notice of the prisoner than the other women?
Yes, I knew her perfectly well again when I saw her at Litchfield-street office.
Did you take particular notice of her in the house more than the other women?
Yes.
How came you to do that?
Because she was throwing the things out of the window.
Did not the others throw things out of the window besides her?
Yes, but there was none like her, she had the same cap on she has now, and an old black silk gown.
Should you now know any of the other women?
I do not think I should.
You are very certain that is the woman?
Very certain.
I saw the prisoner go up and down the stairs backwards and forwards several times with wearing apparel which belonged to Miss Murray. I saw her no where but upon the stairs.
What light had you upon the stairs?
There was a great deal of light, but what it was I cannot tell; it was not our putting out, we who belonged to Lord Mansfield's house. I took particular notice of her, for when she had been up and down and dressed herself in the lady's clothes, I received a great many things this young woman (Cradock) brought out of the rooms, and carried them up into our apartments, where she and I used to lay. When she had ransacked all she could get there she ran past me upon the landing place and pushed me down; I told her there was not any more for her there, or any thing that belonged to her because there were many men up and down stairs with them; she made no answer at all but went up stairs into the garrett.
Did you see her do any thing in any part of the house?
No, I was never farther than the landing-place of the stairs; I saw her go down several times with aprons full of things; I cannot tell what she did with them. I was never down stairs till his lordship's house was so much in flames that I could not stay longer. There were a great many women there.
How came you to take such particular notice of the prisoner?
Her pushing me down upon the stairs caused me to take particular notice of her, when she pushed me down; and I took particular notice of her before; that she was so active in carrying the things down.
At the time you saw her in the house was any part of the house demolished, or were the mob demolishing it?
I saw all the furniture on fire in the street, and the apartments were on fire in the butler's pantry.
At the time you saw her?
No, that was after.
Was any part of the house destroyed at the time you saw this woman?
I cannot say it was when I saw her upon the landing place, it was afterwards, when I went to look; it was when the guns were fired.
At the time you saw her upon the landing place was any part of the house destroyed?
All the two-pair-of-stairs floor was demolished, the house was entirely pulled to pieces and burning; there was no front to the house at all on that side when I looked.
Was the wainscoting or bannisters of the stairs, or windows, or any part of the house demolished before you saw her the last time?
That I cannot tell.
Did the same mob continue together or was it a different mob which destroyed the house from that which came first?
I cannot tell.
Was there any time when the mob ceased?
When the soldiers came, some went down and some continued; and others came up afterwards.
Was it before or after the soldiers came that you saw the prisoner?
Before I heard say that they were come; I never saw the soldiers at all till after the house was destroyed.
Was you before the justices in Litchfield-street?
Yes.
What day was that?
I cannot tell.
How long after Lord's Mansfield's house was destroyed?
I cannot tell.
To Cradock. When was it?
After the last Old Bailey session.
Then you had not made charge against the prisoner till since last Old Bailey session?
No. She was taken up because she had bragged that she had been at Lord Mansfield's house several times, and was never molested till the last time, and then she was stripped of the things she had got on, which were a petticoat and apron of Miss Murray's.
You had been before the justices in Litchfield-street before this time had not you?
No never before.
Then you only went to charge this woman?
Yes.
At about four in the morning I was below stairs in the servants' apartments; the prisoner came down; I imagine she had missed her way; just by the servants' hall she asked me the way out. I said if you will go along with me, my dear, I will show you the way out; I took her up the laundry stairs and went out into the stable yard; there is a longish passage there, then I ordered her to strip, seeing through her pocket-hole that she had got something better than became her dress. She said she had nothing but what was her own. I had got the porter's staff in my hand, I knock ed her down; she cried out murder ! I said if you will not be quiet I will give you some more. I struck her again. She begged for mercy. I said there had been none shewn that night, and none I would show for I would have her stripped before I parted with her. She begged me to give her time. I took her by her heels or somewhere thereabouts, and set her upon her shoulders; I then turned her up and found a white petticoat and apron upon her; I tore them off. I struck her several times with a stick I had, and would have put her in the cistern, but the butler told me I had better let her go as the mob was about. I took the petticoat and apron; I have not them here; they belong to Lord Stormont's daughter.
Had any part of the house been demolished at that time?
A great part of it had.
What light had you when she came?
It was quite day-light.
Were you any time with her?
I might be ten minutes with her.
Are you very certain that is the woman?
I am very certain of it. I made no observation of it till she happened to be discovered by her own bragging of what she had done; I was sent for to the office. She was taken up in consequence of what she had boasted herself.
I attend at Litchfield-street office. I had an information of a woman who had been in Lord Mansfield's house. There were some people taken up for examination. I did not take the people till the day the servants were to come to London, as I could not charge them with any thing myself. The day the servants came to London, I went up the street where I saw this woman frequently about; and fetched the prisoner. She staid in the round-house till the servants were sent for. She was taken up on a publican's information.
Have you yourself heard the prisoner say any thing?
No. I was myself at Lord Mansfield's, but I never saw the prisoner there
She came into my house with some things which I suspected to be Lady Mansfield's, the next day after Lord Mansfield's house was destroyed, whether they were or not I cannot tell.
Did you hear her say any thing?
Yes, I believe she said they were Lady Mansfield's, and she thought she had a right to wear them as she had got them.
Did she say so?
She did.
Did she say how she got them?
No, I cannot say she did.
How long was it before you mentioned what she had said?
It might be next day, I cannot say.
Who did you mention it to?
I mentioned it to several of the officers belonging to Litchfield-street office.
When you heard the prisoner say that the things she had on were Lady Mansfield's, and she had a right to wear them, having got them why did not you lay a charge before the magistrates against her?
I believe at that time there was no business done at the office whatever, not that night; no charges were taken or any thing done.
Was it the day after Lord Mansfield's house was destroyed that you heard this woman say this?
I believe it was the day after.
It is all very false what they have sworn against me. There are a great many women in St. Giles's who are like me. I was a-bed and asleep when Lord Mansfield's house was destroyed. Hyde bid me go out of the way several times, I said I knew myself innocent and would not go out of the way at all.
To Hyde. Did you ever advise her to go out of the way?
No; I have taken a great many of the rioters, and have been struck and used very cruel for it.
I had several in the jail yesterday who would have been witnesses that I was in my lodgings, one Mr. Crofts who lives in Tottenham-court road knows I was at home, but he is not here. I did not know my trial would come on to-day.
I had her in custody and told her yesterday morning she would be tried this morning.
