Gentlemen of the Jury, the prisoner is charged with a highway robery from the person of Mrs. Bellingham, she is the wife of a Mr. Bellingham, a gentleman, who lives at Teddington ; on the 15th of June, she was taking a walk, with a neice of hers in her hand, a little girl of ten years old, she was a little way from her own house, when she saw a couple of ill looking men, but going a little further, she saw a person, who she will tell you was the prisoner, and he appearing a decent man, she was released from her fears, and she walked for three quarters of a mile, within sight of this man, whom she will identify to be the prisoner; she had no suspicion of him, but frequently looked at him; the man came up to her, with a pistol to her breast, and demanded her money, she gave him two half crowns, says he, that is not all; he put the pistol near to her, he thrust his hands into her pocket, and took out a guinea, he tore her watch from her side, and snatched a gold pin by violence from her; this took up the space of three or four minutes; Mrs. Bellingham was undoubtedly much alarmed; but whatever alarm she might be in, she had seen this man for three quarters of a mile, and the little girl had the same opportunity of observing the man that her aunt had; it was not till a month after, that this lady saw this man again; Mr. and Mrs. Bellingham, and this little girl were returning from some excursion in a post chaise, it was about half after eight o'clock; Mrs. Bellingham was looking
out of the window, and she immediately exclaimed, God bless my soul, that is the man that robbed me; in which assertion the little girl joined; and upon which Mr. Bellingham immediately jumped out of the chaise, and made some pretence that he had forgot something and must go back; he saw a person he knew, and obtained his assistance, and Mr. Bellingham seized the prisoner by the right arm, and the other person came up and seized him by the left arm; they then searched his pockets, and found a pistol loaded, and a great quantity of picklock keys. Gentlemen, he then addressed Mr. Bellingham, and said, why do you seize me, I have never done you any injury? Mr. Bellingham said, no, Sir, but you are the man who robbed my wife; the prisoner immediately, before Mr. Bellingh am said another word to him, then said, I hope Sir, you will be merciful to me, Mr. Bellingham told him he should have all that the law would allow him, but no more. Gentlemen the prisoner was then committed, and is now brought before you: Mrs. Bellingham will be produced, and you will hear from her whether she is as certain as I am instructed she is, that the prisoner is the man; the little girl will also be produced, and the Court will judge whether she should be examined: and if the witnesses convince you of the identity of the person of the prisoner, joined to the other circumstances; you will from your judgment, and discharge your duty by a verdict of the guilt of the prisoner.
I am wife of Mr. Bellingham; I live at Teddington; I was walking in the high road, from Teddington to Hampton-court; on the 15th of June with Mr. Bellingham's niece; the person that robbed me walked some way on the roads, perhaps half a mile.
What in company with you, talking to you?
No, my Lord, he followed me all the way; he stopped and leaned over the gate; he then presented a pistol to me, demanding my money.
How far had this person walked, who presented a pistol to you and demanded your money?
Near half a mile.
What time might you be walking with this person near you?
I should suppose a quarter of an hour; I was walking slowly with a little girl, between twelve and one.
Had you had frequent opportunities of seeing this person?
I had so much, so that I was pleased there was so creditable good a looking man, walking with me.
Had your little niece the same occasion of observing this person as yourself?
The child saw him all the way.
What did he do when he presented the pistol to you?
He demanded my money; I gave him two half crowns; he then presented his pistol the second time, and said, he must have more; I begged of him for God's sake not to frighten me, and I gave him a guinea; he then searched both my pockets, and asked for my trinkets and rings, I told him I had none; the man took my watch; I think he put his hand to my apron whether he took it, or whether I gave it him I cannot say; both our hands were together; he took a metal buckle out of my handkerchief, I told him I would give it him, but he tore it out, and said he would have it.
What time might this transaction take up?
It is impossible for me to say exactly, I should suppose four or five minutes.
Now during that time had you an opportunity of observing the prisoner's person?
I had.
At this time I apprehend you was under some alarm?
I was.
Was you under any alarm during the time he had been walking near you?
None, till he presented the pistol.
Are you sure you know the prisoner again?
I am sure of it.
Will you look at that person?
That is the person, but not the clothes; I am sure of his person.
How long was it after this before you saw the person again?
The 15th of July.
That is just a month after?
Exactly.
In what situation did you see him?
I was coming through Bushy-park in a post chaise; I saw him, and I knew him directly; my husband was with me, and a gentleman who was in court just now, and Sarah Middleton , my niece; when I saw him I cried out immediately that is the man that robbed me; he was immediately apprehended; I told the post chaise to drive on directly with me, and I left Mr. Bellingham; I saw the prisoner before the Justice.
Have you ever had any reason to doubt him?
Never, never, never.
It is my duty, Madam, to trouble you with a very few questions; you need not be under any more alarm from them than those of my friends, I shall not give you any unnecessary trouble.
Were you going on any visit?
I was not.
Where did you go after you was robbed?
I went home as well as my fright would permit.
You was extremely alarmed?
I have not been perfectly myself since.
I dare say Madam, in all your excursions you have felt frequent apprehensions of robberies?
I have, I never stirred from home but when I could not help it, and never but under great apprensions that I should be robbed.
On the evening of the robbery, did you or any body give directions to make a pursuit after the man that robbed you?
I think Mr. Bellingham was not at home for two days, he was in town.
Did you give any information to any of the public offices?
No, I did not.
Did any body on your part send notice before the man was taken, that such a robbery was committed?
I do not know.
Do you know of any advertisement of your watch, or any hand bills?
I do not know.
How many excursions may you have made in a carriage, between the 15th of June and the 15th of July; perhaps but few?
Two besides that when the person was apprehended.
What time of the day was he apprehended?
It was in the evening.
What time?
It was past eight.
You was not less frightened at that time of the day than at noon day?
I was extremely terrified at seeing him, it was in my fright I instantly cried out that is the man that robbed me, and the child instantly cried out, that is him, that is him; the man met my chaise; he walked some length before he was taken.
What distance might he be from you then?
Not further much than he is now.
How far had you travelled that evening?
I cannot tell how far, it was from Oatlands; he was apprehended in Bushy-park.
I only wish to know within half a mile?
About five miles.
Had you met many persons, Mrs. Bellingham?
I had not to my knowledge, to notice it, met one.
Had you put your watch or your purse in any place of safety that evening?
I have not come out with a watch or any money since.
So that the first man that you met was the prisoner, you was very much alarmed, and you instantly exclaimed, that is the man, in which cry the child joined, and you left Mr. Bellingham to do the best he could?
Yes, he was first produced to me before the Magistrate on Sunday.
You had seen your husband?
Yes.
He had told you that upon the person that was taken there was found a picklock key and a loaded pistol?
He did.
That of course did not lessen your belief that he was the man?
Nor add to it; the person of the man was sufficient.
You had taken no oath on the subject till after you knew the circumstance of the pistol?
I could not.
He had walked behind you about half a mile before he robbed you?
Yes.
Have you had the misfortune to be robbed before?
No.
Was the prisoner in the same clothes when taken, as when he committed the robbery?
He was, excepting a waistcoat, he had a striped waistcoat on when he robbed me, and he had a striped waistcoat on when he was taken, but they were different waistcoats.
How old are you?
Twelve.
What will become of you, if you take a false oath, and swear what is not truth?
Go to hell, my Lord.
I suppose you have been taught your catechism?
Yes.
Who gave you instructions to give that answer to my Lord?
My aunt.
Was it yesterday or before?
Yesterday.
You was told you would be asked that question, and that was the proper answer to give?
Yes.
Did you go to Clerkenwell?
Yes.
They would not swear you there, what did your aunt say to you because you was not sworn?
Because I was not of age.
They thought you did not know the nature of an oath.
Suppose you say the truth now, what will become of you then?
Go to heaven, Sir.
I see upon the back of the indictment she had been proposed as a witness and had been rejected.
Swear her.
Will you be so good when I ask you a question, to speak so loud that those Gentlemen and my Lord may hear you; pray Miss do you remember walking with your aunt?
Yes.
When was it?
I do not remember the day.
Was it the day she was robbed?
Yes.
Did you see any body on that day?
Yes; the person that robbed my aunt walked all along the lane with us, sometimes on one side, and sometimes before; he walked just before my aunt on the other side, then he came up and shewed a pistol to my aunt, and asked her for her money, my aunt gave him some money, and he put the pistol to my aunt again, and said that would not do, he must have some more; he searched both her pockets, and he took a little buckle from her handkerchief, and he said he must have her watch, her trinkets, and rings if she had any; he did not take her ring; he took her watch and little buckle.
What time was he taking those things?
He seemed a good while taking them.
Was you frightened?
Yes, Sir, very much; I saw him before that time; I had seen him for a quarter of an hour.
Did you take any notice of him?
Yes.
Should you know him again if you was to see him?
Yes, Sir.
Look round the court?
That is the man that robbed my aunt.
Are you sure of it?
I am sure of it; he wished my aunt a good morning, and said he hoped she would never miss it.
Did you ever see him again?
Yes, Sir, last Saturday, when he was taken.
How happened you to see him again?
We were coming home and he went by the chaise.
Who was in the chaise?
My uncle and another lady.
Was you in the chaise too?
Yes.
How happened you to see him then?
I was looking out at the window; I did not sit down, I was standing before the window.
Which way was he coming?
He was coming from the gate.
Was he coming towards you or going from you?
Towards us; my uncle asked my aunt if she was sure that was the man, and she said yes, and he jumped out of the chaise.
Did you say any thing at that time?
I said that was the man.
Was the man brought to you at that time?
No, my aunt bid the coachman drive home.
Are you quite sure that is the man?
Yes, I am quite sure that is the man.
Was you at all frightened before the man robbed your aunt?
No, Sir.
Not at all?
No.
What time was it when he robbed your aunt?
It was between twelve and one.
You saw the man again in Bushy Park?
Yes; she said to my uncle, that was the man that robbed her.
You was a good deal frightened?
Yes.
Then you said that is the man.
Yes.
You are quite sure of that?
Yes, he went by the chaise and met us.
How far was he from the chaise when you first saw him?
I did not see him till he came to the chaise almost; I saw him immediately upon my aunt's calling out.
You was a good deal flurried?
Yes.
You thought he would come and rob you again, did not you?
I did not think much about that, because there was my uncle.
At the time he robbed your aunt you was a good deal frightened?
Yes, Sir.
Because you was alone?
Yes, Sir.
What lane was it he walked in?
They call it Fry's-lane.
Was it in the field?
No, in the lane, a common carriage way.
Are there hedges on each side?
Yes.
And gates at several different distances, so that a man might have come upon you out of the field?
Yes.
But he did not?
No he did not; there was a carriage just past us before he robbed us, and he leaned over a gate.
Did he walk more before you than he did behind you?
He walked more on the side, even with us on the other side of the road.
Abreast with you?
Yes.
Did he walk behind you?
Sometimes behind us, but not so much.
Be so good as to tell me how he was dressed?
A snuff coloured coat, a striped waistcoat, white stockings, and I think silver buckles, white buckles.
You understand now I mean the evening you saw him in Bushy-Park?
Yes, Sir, it was past eight.
You saw him just as he come past the chaise?
Yes, Sir.
Now Miss Middleton had you an opportunity of making such observation on his clothes in that short time?
Yes, Sir, I had.
Did you see him at the justice's?
No, Sir.
Was you up when your uncle came home at night?
Yes.
Then he told your aunt that the man was secured, and had a pistol in his pocket?
Yes, Sir, and loaded with two slugs, and twelve picklock-keys.
Then you have no doubt at all but he must be the man, as he was so equipped?
I knew he was the man, because I knew his face.
You have often talked about this?
Very often.
You heard your aunt tell the story to my friend that stands here?
Yes.
That was a few minutes ago?
Yes.
You knew she told it all correctly?
Yes.
I was riding with my wife from Oat-lands in a post chaise; Mrs. Bellingham says, look, my dear, there is the man that robbed me; the little girl turned round, and said, aye, that is the man; I looked, and saw the prisoner at the bar walking very leisurely along; I told the man to drive home with the ladies; I did not choose to attack him myself, but as the gate was about one hundred yards off, I called to a friend; says I, I have forgot something at the gate, and I will go back and leave word, that was for fear the man should be alarmed; in consequence of which, I went to the gate, and saw a man which I knew, and there was another man with him; I asked them to assist me; we went up to him immediately, and the man that I called, as soon as I darted on his right hand, he took hold of his left; he had only this stick; a gentleman came from under the gate, and we searched him, and took out a loaded pistol; Lawrence put his hand in his pocket, and took out twelve picklock keys, they call them master
picklock keys; in the pistol there was some powder, and likewise a ball; it was a screw barrel; he unscrewed it, and there was a ball; he took care of it to give it to the magistrate.
Did the prisoner say any thing at the time you took him?
He said, Sir, what have I done, I never offended you? I said, no, you have offended me in a tenderer part, you have robbed my wife; he then said, if I have, I hope you will be merciful to me; I had made him no promise. Ambrose Lawrence was the man that was with me; he is here.
You was at your country house at the time the lady was robbed?
I was not.
How soon after did you see her?
The second day; I gave information at Bow-street, either on the Tuesday or Wednesday following; the robbery was on the Thursday.
Did you give a description of the watch?
I did.
There was nothing particular in the half-crowns?
That I cannot tell; I gave no description of them.
Do you know whether there was any advertisement or hand bills?
I do not know.
You had no notice of any person being taken into custody till this man was taken?
No, Sir.
It frightened her a good deal?
She was very much frightened, as I suppose every woman who is in a bad state of health would be; she has been in a bad state of health several years; I should suppose it might be about half past eight when we were in the park.
You left Oatlands probably about half past seven?
About seven.
How much further had you to go?
The length of the park; my house is just out of Bushy-park gate.
Do you recollect seeing any body from Oatlands?
I did not take any notice of any person.
What distance was the man from the chaise, at the time your wife cried out that was the man?
I suppose he might be twice the length of this hall; but when I first saw the man, he was near the horses heads.
What gate is it you speak of?
It is called Hampton-Court gate; a woman keeps the gate.
What distance were you from the gate?
I suppose not a hundred and fifty yards.
Within view of it?
Oh dear Sir, not one hundred and fifty yards, Bushy-park is remarkable for being one mile in length, and you may see from one gate to the other as clear as you can see me now.
If there is any other question you would wish to have asked, I will ask it.
The gentleman did not say to me at the time he took me that I robbed his wife?
Upon my oath he repeatedly pressed me to tell him what he had done; he began to be a little boisterous; I told him, my friend, I am very well known in this neighbourhood, and my property is such, that if I have taken you wrong, you may have recompence; and then I said it is my wife you have robbed; then he said this, I hope you will be merciful.
After Mrs. Bellingham had sworn to him, he then said, I am innocent, and for God's sake do not take away my life?
Sir, what I have told you is exactly the fact; that it was at the public house before Mrs. Bellingham saw him; she never saw him after he was taken until the next morning.
I was present at the apprehending of the prisoner; Mr. Bellingham was in a chaise, and I was standing at a public house door, drinking a pint of beer, and he came and asked me to assist him; I was the first man that took hold of the prisoner in the park; Mr. Bellingham said that was the man.
Was the man searched by any body?
Yes.
Was any thing found?
Yes, the pistol was was taken out of one pocket, and twelve keys out of another.
Did you hear the man say any thing to
Mrs. Bellingham?
He asked Mr. Bellingham what he had done to him; he said not to him, but to his wife; the prisoner said he was very sorry if he had offended him or his wife either; that was all he said, but he begged for mercy.
Did not he say that he did not know he had injured any body?
He said he was very sorry if he had injured any body.
I am a constable; I took charge of the prisoner; twelve keys were delivered to me, and a pistol, by Lawrence, (produces them) the pistol had one ball in it; there was powder in under the ball.
I am very innocent of the offence, and I have people here to prove that I was at a different place at the time.
I live in Fore-street, Lambeth; I am a journeyman carpenter; I keep a house there; I know the prisoner.
Do you remember seeing the prisoner at any time in the month of June last?
Yes.
When did you see him?
On the 10th of of June; I invited Mr. Lilly to a christening of a girl of mine, at Lambeth church; it was christened on the 11th of June, and in consequence of that, Mr. Lilly invited me the 15th to keep the birthday of his child; Mr. Lilly lives No. 3, Gardiner's-lane, Westminster; I went there, and was there from eleven in the morning till ten at night.
Who was of the party?
There was Mrs. Lucy Ward , and her son, his name is George Ward , and there was the prisoner, Charles Martin , who lived with Esquire Grayham, South Lambeth; and there was Mr. Lilly and his wife; I dined there and spent the evening; the prisoner was there when I came there; that was about eleven.
How did you amuse yourselves before dinner?
We were in the quality way, and had a little drop of gin.
What time did you dine?
At one o'clock.
Do you recollect what you had for dinner?
A leg of mutton and trimmings, turnips, and greens, and some strong beer; we smoaked our pipes till tea time, and then we had a dish of tea, and then we had four or five mackarel for supper.
How old is the child?
Four years old the 15th of June.
How long have you known this young man?
About two months, he lived with Esquire Grayham at South Lambeth, Mr. Grayham is head clerk at the bank; Mr. Lilley's former wife is dead, and this was a child by the former wife
What business are you?
A carpenter.
At whose house was it you first paid the visit?
Mr. Lilly on the 11th of June paid the visit at my house, which was on Sunday.
What had you for dinner that day?
I had a fillet of veal that weighed about eleven pounds and a half, and a piece of pickled pork and greens; at the next meeting we had a leg of mutton, and what I call trimmings.
What makes you particularly remember that this was on the 15th of June?
It was very remarkable on account of the boy's birth day.
Was it remarkable on any other account?
Not to my knowledge.
Did you know it was the 15th of June before the prisoner was taken up?
I cannot say when he was taken up.
Did not you hear of his being taken up?
I did hear of his being taken up some time ago, but I have not dined with Mr. Lilly above once since.
How long is it since you heard of his being taken up?
About a week ago.
Are you sure it is not more than a week ago?
I work for one Mr. Kenzie in Smith-street, they came and acquainted me that the prisoner was taken up.
Are you sure you had nothing but mackarel
for supper?
Yes, they were boiled. What sauce had you? - Mackarel herbs.
Did the prisoner come at the same time with you to Mr. Lilly's house that day?
He was there when I went there at eleven.
Did you all of you smoke, all the men?
Most of us did.
Was there any other person there besides what you have mentioned?
No.
There were but four of you men?
No.
Did you all of you smoke?
Yes, at different times.
Which of you smoked herb tobacco?
I smoked herb tobacco, some smoked herb and some short cut, I offered them sue of mine, I smoked some herb and short cut mixed, the others might, I did not take such particular notice of it, there was herb tobacco and short cut?
Was not there some pigtail tobacco too?
There might, I cannot say, I never smoke any pigtail tobacco.
Had not you some port-wine at your dinner?
No Sir, we had some porter and gin before dinner.
What did you drink tea?
I had a dish of tea, and the prisoner had some, and we all drank tea.
Did you smoke at your tea?
No, Sir.
What day of the week was it?
Of a Wednesday.
Are you sure it was a week ago you heard the prisoner was taken up?
I cannot justly say whether it was a week or more, I did not take much account of it, I did not think I should come here; as high as I can tell it is a week, I believe I heard of it on the Saturday.
Last Saturday?
Yes, which is not quite a week.
My husband's name is Joseph Lilly ; I live in Petty France, Westminster; I know the prisoner very well, I have known him some time; I know Mr. Franklin the carpenter.
When was it that he was at your house at dinner?
The 15th of June, it was on account of Mr. Lilly having a child by a former wife, it was his birth-day; I was married last December.
Have you got the boy's register here?
No, I cannot tell when he was christened, the child is four years old.
Who was your company?
There was Franklin, Mr. Thomas Divine , and Mr. Lilly, and Geo. Ward , and Lucy Ward .
What time did you begin your day?
It was between ten and eleven when the prisoner came, and the company met, Mr. Franklin came afterwards, then the rest.
What had they before dinner?
I do not recollect, I cooked the dinner, we had a leg of mutton and trimmings, we dined at one.
How long did they continue there after dinner?
They staid there till ten at night, the men were playing cards some part of the time.
Any thing else?
No, Sir, smoking and drinking and playing at cards, they drank tea at five as nigh as I can tell, we supped between nine and ten, we had for supper the remains of what was left, and some mackarel, I dressed it with melted butter and parsley boiled.
Did the prisoner continue there from the time he came in the morning till they went away;
Yes, Sir, he slept at our house all night, I do not suppose he was a quarter of an hour from the company all day; we had porter, no wine.
I suppose on a birth-day you did not take an account how many pots were drank?
No, Sir.
Are you sure of the day?
I am quite sure of the day, it was a very remarkable day, it is my husband's only child, it was of a Thursday.
Who brought the pigtail tobacco?
I did not see any.
Who brought the herb?
I fancy it came in along with the beer.
Then there was no common tobacco?
No.
The last gentleman is fond of herb tobacco
is he?
I do not know, I do not recollect who did smoke and who did not.
Is not Mr. Franklin a famous smoker?
Yes Sir, he smokes a good deal, I saw no other tobacco but the herb tobacco; Franklin came in between eleven and twelve, the prisoner had been there about an hour before Franklin came in.
What game at cards did the others play at?
Different plays.
Was there a party at whist?
Whist and all-fours, no other games to my knowledge; Mr. Franklin, Mr. Lilly, George Ward , and Charles Martin played at whist.
Then I suppose Mr. Divine played at all-fours with Mrs. Lilly?
He did not play to my knowledge.
How do you make up the party at all-fours?
They were sometimes playing at whist, and sometimes at all-fours, Divine did not play at cards to my knowledge, he smoked.
Did Franklin take any notice how many pipes Mr. Divine smoked that evening?
Not to my knowledge.
How much brandy did Mr. Divine drink with the mackarel?
None at all to my knowledge, I do not know that there was a drop of brandy in the house, Mr. Divine drank porter, we had nothing else all day but porter; I heard of the prisoner being taken up last Tuesday.
I am husband to the last witness, I live in No. 8, Three Gardeners-lane, Petty France, Westminster; I know the prisoner.
Do you remember the seeing him any time in the month of June?
I saw him on the 15th of June at my own house in Petty France, he was there on the occasion of its being my little boy's birth-day, he was then four years old, he was a child of a former wife that is now deceased; I fancy the prisoner came to my house that day about eleven, he dined there, had tea, and he continued the afternoon, and staid and supped there with several more; the prisoner slept there.
Who dined there besides the prisoner?
There was the prisoner at the bar, me and my wife, Mrs. Ward and her son George.
Was any body else at dinner?
Mr. Franklin only.
Was Divine there?
He was not there not in the time of dinner, he was there in the morning.
Was he there after dinner at all?
I do not recollect that he was; we dined about one, we had a leg of mutton and turnips, after dinner we continued and had tea, we continued with songs and porter and tea.
How did you amuse yourselves?
Laughing and joking, nothing further, I do not recollect we had any other amusement.
Had you any cards in the course of the day?
No.
I shall call no more witnesses, the prisoner may if he pleases.
If you wish to call the rest of your witnesses, the Court will examine them;
I do not think that I ought.
We did not expect to be called on; we had tea, and mackarel for supper, and continued till ten or eleven.
The gentleman might forget cards so long ago; that gentleman paid a bill on that day.
I paid upwards of four pounds to Mr. George Ward .
I wish Ward to be called.
What day of the week was it?
Thursday.
Do you remember seeing the prisoner in the month of June?
I do remember seeing him very well.
Be cautious?
I saw Charles Martin on the 15th of June, at Mr. Joseph Lilly 's; they invited me to dinner; I dined there; and my mother; there I saw him; I did not come from there till eleven at night; I went there about twelve at noon; he was there, and Franklin was there; I dined with him, and drank tea and supped,
and left him there, and he slept there that night; Mr. Lilly owed me some money; there was Charles Franklin , Lucy Ward , George Ward , Mr. and Mrs. Lilly, that was all.
Do you know Divine?
He did not dine there, he came in the forenoon, but did not dine.
Was he there after dinner at all?
I do not know that he was there after dinner; we played at cards, several games, all fours, and cribbage; and I believe we played at whist.
Who was your party at whist?
Mrs. Lilly was my partner; we played in turns.
I do not wish to have her examined.
