I drive a team for 'Squire Hill, at Hendon. On Saturday the 6th of January as I was coming home from London, I was stopped about a quarter after six o'clock in the evening at Golder's Green , by two footpads.
Was it dark?
The moon shone bright. One stopped me; the other came behind the cart and clapped a pistol to me and told me, to deliver my money. Being hard of hearing, I did not hear what he said the first time. He then said very loud, deliver your money! I gave him fourpence or fourpence-halfpenny, in a canvass bag.
Who was the man you delivered the money to?
The prisoner. I knew him as soon as I saw him again. I had seen him before. He rather endeavoured to hide his face with his hat. As soon as I delivered him the money, they went away. I saw him again on Monday or Tuesday the 8th or 9th of January at Bow-street. I picked. him out and swore positively to him.
He did not swear to me at first; he looked very hard at me, and said he did not know me.
When you saw him in Bow-street did you charge him with the robbery?
Yes. I looked hard at him and knew him. I swore to him about ten minutes after. Being hard of hearing, I did not hear any body ask me any questions about him before. I saw him but once before the justice. That was on the Tuesday.
I keep Kilburn-well.
You remember the story of the man appearing at your window?
Yes.
And your pursuing them and bringing them back, and a man behaving very ill to you?
Yes.
Is this the same man?
Yes. I was at the publick-office in Bow-street, on the 13th. The prosecutor was sitting there. Justice Addington asked if there was any person there who knew the prisoner? The prosecutor said he was deaf and did not know what the justice said. The prosecutor was taken in again and sworn; he immediately swore to the prisoner.
You was there all the time?
Yes.
Did the prosecutor say at any time, he did not know him?
No.
On the 28th of November I was pressed, in Covent-garden, and sent on board the Nightingale. I was drafted on board a ship which was lost on Beachy-head, and came home on the 31st of January.
