I live in Monkwell-street, on the 27th of February, my house was broke open, the house was secured in every part of it, the evening of the 26th; I make a practice of examining it myself; I went to bed about eleven, I am always last up, we have a light to the stair-case, and I saw through that window the next morning, that something was the matter; I then went into the kitchen, and my servant told me I had been robbed; in the kitchen we have a closet, which has a sink and cistern in it, I perceived the lead light of that closet was taken out; I then went to the kitchen window and looked through it, and saw a ladder, like a lamp-lighters ladder, was left standing on the dust bin, which reached up to a window; the kitchen is up one pair of stairs, it was a lamp-lighter's ladder, it had not been there before; in looking further out of the kitchen window, I saw upon a little ledge, under the kitchen window, the iron bar laying which the light had been tied to; I then saw we had been robbed of a great quantity of plate, some of the plate stood upon a shelf in this closet, in the kitchen, it was kept for common use; and out of the dining room, a great many articles were lost, and my servant told me there was a bit of candle and a glove left on the dresser in the kitchen; my maid gave me a glove, which, she said, was found in the kitchen the next morning after the robbery.
Was any of your plate recovered?
None at all.
How did the suspicion fall on the prisoner?
From the circumstance of the robbery, it appeared that it must be done by some person well acquainted with the house; in the manner of getting into my next door neighbour's yard, as the readiest access to my yard; the prisoner was my apprentice, he served seven years with me, he had been gone from me, and last summer I took him into my house to work for me, he left my service about the 18th of December.
State more particularly, but confining yourself to what you know of your own knowledge, what led you to suspect the prisoner, and how the prisoner came to be taken up for the robbery?
I suspected him for several reasons, it appeared it must be done by somebody well acquainted with the house, for I had a very sharp dog, and it must be somebody that knew the dog, upon that suspicion I had him taken up.
Was he searched then?
Yes.
What was found upon him?
There was a right-hand glove found upon him in his pocket, which corresponded with the left hand glove that was found in my house; I saw the left hand glove in the kitchen, my maid servant gave it me.
When did she give it you?
On Sunday.
Was any thing else found upon him that led to a suspicion?
Nothing else.
What did he say for himself on his examination?
He denied all knowledge of the matter.
How long after was he apprehended?
On the Tuesday fortnight following.
In the intermediate space of time, had you caused any body else to be apprehended for this offence?
Not to my knowledge.
Do you know a man of the name of Dean?
Yes, he worked journeyman with me at the same time.
Was Dean never taken up?
Not to my knowledge, I never heard it, nor of his being examined.
Had you a journeyman of the name of Bird?
Yes, he is not with me now.
What is become of Bird?
I really do not know, he is out of employ; I discharged him about that time.
Did not you discharge him from some suspicion of his being concerned in this business?
No.
Had he any hand in procuring the prisoner to be apprehended?
Oh yes! I told him, and another man, that if they would apprehend him, I would give them five guineas.
Was you present when the glove was found?
Yes, I was at the office when it was found.
I believe you caused his mother's lodgings to be searched, his own lodgings, and the lodgings of a person of the name of Davis?
We did not search her lodgings, I wish we had; we were not five minutes in her house, I went there with one of the persons from the Public-office.
Have the gloves which were produced at Bow-street, been inspected by any glover?
I do not know that they have.
Then you do not know that any body skilled in that branch of business, has said, that they are the same leather?
No, I do not.
I am servant to Mr. Wallis, when I first came down in the morning, I found the door open, and the property gone from the shelf over the sink, where the light was taken down, I observed there was a ladder, placed on the dust bin, which would reach that window; on the side board there was more plate, and there laid a glove on the shelf, over the sink, where that property was taken from, and a few matches; I gave the glove to my master, in the course of an hour, or an hour and a half, that was the same glove that I found, I am sure.
How long was it before that, that you saw the prisoner?
I cannot tell.
That glove has been in my possession ever since.
I saw the prisoner taking observation of Mr. Wallis's house, I live at No. 9, in Monkwell-street, it was on Friday the 11th of March.
What did you see him do?
He put his head into the door, and went down to what they call Meeting-house-court, he came from Cripplegate way, and made a full stop at Mr. Wallis's; he looked into the passage, and went up Meeting-house-court; when he was up the court, he got up some steps, and pointed with his hand, over the back part of the vestry part, and smiled to two men that were with him; then when they saw me, they all made believe to make water: in a quarter of an hour he was gone out of sight, I went back immediately, I saw nobody come out, and on the Tuesday following he came in a hackney coach to Mr. Wallis's door, and I went down, and saw that was the same person that I saw; I reckon it to be about five or six o'clock in the evening, he got out of the coach, and went into Mr. Wallis's house, he was then taken up.
Pray what time was it, that you saw him go up Meeting-house-court?
Between five and six.
On the 15th of March last, I was sent for by the prosecutor, to take charge of the prisoner, and I took him up to Bow-street, and I searched him before the Magistrate, and I found in his right hand pocket a leather glove, and a letter which I was ordered to deliver to the Court, there was a pair of gloves, and a single glove, they have been in my possession ever since.
Is this glove the same that the maid delivered to you?
Yes.
I leave it entirely to my council.
Did you communicate your suspicions to Bird, amongst other people?
Yes.
You offered a reward of money, if he apprehended the prisoner?
Yes.
Was it to be paid on p roducing the person of the prisoner?
I paid him the money immediately.
Had there been any disagreement between Bird and the prisoner?
There might, for what I know.
Have you any reason to believe that there was, or that there was not?
I did not believe that there was.
Have you ever heard him speak of the prisoner, in terms of dislike or suspicion, I do not ask what he said, but generally?
I do not recollect.
What sort of a man is Bird, as to his general character?
I looked upon him to be an honest sober man.
What did you part with him for?
I had no suspicion of his dishonesty.
What family has he?
I believe he is a single man.
Can you give me any account of this odd glove, that was found in your pocket?
I found that odd glove.
How could they get to the wall of your yard?
By crossing one yard from the meeting house vestry, which is pretty high, he could get upon the vestry without a ladder.
I was in the closet the night before, there was no glove there the night before, that I am sure of.
