I have a small house near Mr. Willan's, in Mary bone-fields. near the Jews-harp. The prisoner, Mr. Empson, lived in my house; he was put in by another person, who took the house of me; I asked him for the rent a great many times; he set me at defiance: at last he said, I might get it how I could, I might take my own methods: so I was obliged to seize, and put a man in possession. I used to carry the man professions in the evening, because he could not get any in such a private place; he was there from the 16th to the 18th of January; upon that evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I went up to the gate, and asked for admittance; somebody stood at the door, but made no answer; I called Green, (that was the man's name who was in possession;) nobody answered; I called Green again, and nobody answered: then I got over the pales, as I had done the night before, for they never would give me admittance; as soon as I was over, I took up my lanthorn; Mr. Empson came behind me, with a sword; I saw him when I turned round; I was putting my hand through the gate to take up my lanthorn; it was on the other side: he beat me with the sword; he came behind, and said, You scoundrel, I will give it you, for seizing upon me! I turned round to him; I said, Mr. Empson, you ought to suffer for this, or pay for it, I don't know which. At first I did not know whether the sword was drawn, or not; but afterwards he stabbed me; You scoundrel! says he, I will murder you.
Did you say any thing then?
No, I saw the danger I was in; I got round him, and got hold of him, thinking the man in possession would come to my assistance; he did not come; but the Nurse, who was in the house, came, and took him by the arm, and said, Pray, Mr. Empson, do not murder him; I looked at the nurse, and asked her, where Green was; she said, He was gone; Mr. Empson said, I have paid him, you scoundrel, and he is gone. I disentangled myself from him as soon as I could, and got away; in getting away, I did not think proper to go over the place I had got in at; I thought he would follow me; I turned to the right, to go to another place; and it was lucky I did; for he came out with a gun, which he levelled at the place I came in at, and fired it off. I was about three or four yards from him, and from the place where he fired.
Was it a light night?
No, it was a dark night.
How could you see how he levelled the gun then?
There was a light from the door.
Where abouts was the place you had got over at? was it opposite the door?
Yes.
Where did you stand when you saw him do this?
I got on one side, in another part of the yard.
After you had disengaged yourself from him, did he go into the house?
Yes.
How long was he in the house before he came out again?
I do not believe he was a minute; I had not time to get out of the yard; I hurried all I could; I guessed he would be after me.
When he came out, did he say any thing?
He said something, but I cannot tell what it was.
If you was so near him as you say, you might have heard what it was.
Yes, but I forget what it was.
How long was it before he fired off the gun?
He fired as soon as he came out, instantly.
How far is it from the door, where he stood, to the pales?
May be nine foot from the place where he stood when he fired, to the pales. I got my things, and I took up my provisions, and was going away from the place; he came out again, with something in his hand, I do not know what, and said, You scoundrel, are you gone? I was got on the outside of the pales then.
What was it he fetched out then?
My candle was out; I cannot tell what it was.
When he pointed the gun, he did not point it to the place where you was standing?
No, because he did not know where I was; he pointed it at the place where I came in. Going along, I found something run down my hand; I looked at it, as well as I could, and found it was blood. I went to the Jews-harp, and found myself wounded in two places in my arm.
Not with shot, or bullet?
No, I was stabbed. I got a warrant that night to take him up.
When you saw him again, did he say any thing about this business?
I had no discourse with him at all.
Have you no other evidence of the fact?
None.
Gentlemen of the jury, there is no evidence of a shooting at the person of the prosecutor: there must be a shooting at the person, to constitute the offence charged in the indictment.
