I am a surgeon and apothecary . On Saturday night the 20th of January at about half after eleven o'clock, having been at the Grecian Coffee-house in Devereux-court, I was going to my lodging in Bishopsgate-street; I met the prisoner somewhere near Bishopsgate-street; she asked me to go home with her.
Was you sober?
Yes; I went home with her to her lodging in Gravel-lane; she unlocked the door on the ground floor; there was no light in the room, she struck a light and immediately made a fire. When she had lighted the fire she asked me to give her something to drink? I asked her what she would have? She said a little brandy, half a pint would be enough. I told her I must have change for a guinea; she asked me to give her the guinea and she would go and get the brandy and bri ng my change; I would not give her the guinea till she brought the change; she went out and brought the servant of the house with the brandy and change; I took the change and gave her the guinea; then there came another woman into the room. I asked that woman if she lay there? She said if it was agreeable to me she would.
Were there two beds in the room?
No; the prisoner immediately made answer, there was room in the bed for three people to lie very well. Soon after the other woman undressed herself and went into bed. After she was in bed the prisoner and I sat by the fire some time. The women drank the brandy; I believe they gave me a glass; I put a little in my mouth, but it was so hot I could not bear it, and therefore put it out again. The prisoner was partly undressed. I took my watch out, wound it up, and hung it on a nail by the fire-place. The inside and outside cases and the hands were gold. I undressed myself and laid my coat and waistcoat on the bed, and my other clothes at the feet of the bed, and went into bed. When I had been in bed about ten minutes, I heard the door open, I looked and saw the prisoner going out, I immediately missed my watch. I got up and dressed myself and found the twenty shillings had been taken out of my breeches. While I was putting my clothes on the other woman slipped out of the room. I went out and called the watch. I was quite a stranger and did not know where I was when I came out. The watchman said he believed he knew the house. He brought me to the door and asked me if that was the house? I said I believed it was. He said, if I could not swear to the house he would take no further trouble about it. I asked the watchman to shew me the way into Bishopsgate-street. I asked him for a bit of chalk. He gave me a piece, and I marked all the way from that house till I came into Bishopsgate-street, that I might be able to find it by day-light. It was between three and four o'clock when I got into Bishopsgate-street. I went several times the next day in search of the prisoner, but could not find her till about eight at night, when I met with her in a publick-house. I got a constable and took her to the watch-house. She was searched and two guineas and nine shillings and sixpence and some halfpence were found upon her. My watch was never found.
Was there no other person in the room besides the prisoner and you and the woman in bed with you?
No. The watch was hanging by the fire-side. When I was in bed it was gone before the other woman got out of bed.
The prosecutor is a friend of mine out of the country; he lodged at my house while he was in town. On Sunday the 21st of last month he called me down stairs and told me he had been robbed. At about eight o'clock at night, when he had found out where the prisoner was, I went with him; we got a watchman who carried her to the watch-house. As we were going along she owned that she had seen the things, and wanted us to go back, but I did not choose it.
I was constable of the night on Sunday the 21st of January; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I searched her and found two guineas, nine shillings, and sixpence, and
some halfpence, upon her, and the key of her room.
I am very innocent of it.
