I am a live in Norton Falgate ; on day of April last, I went to bed at ten at night, my doors were all safe, my was late, and every thing about the house; the morning when I came down about six, I saw my back door open, and several bored in one pannel, and a piece had been cut out of the of the door; as I was going across say there was a shew glass white metal in it that had been turned heavy; but nothing taken out of it.
Was that in the place you left it the over night?
I went backwards in the yard, twelve holes bored with a spike in the pannel of the kitchen door; the back door that goes into the yard; and underneath that door was a hole cut, and four holes of each side, to break the piece out, and from the top of the place where the bolt was, is 2 feet 8 inches high; and from the bottom of the hole to the fill of the door, is eight inches.
Was the hole large enough to admit a person to get in?
It was but four inches one way and five in the height.
How was the door got open?
That I cannot tell, it was unbolted.
Could hand be introduced through that hole, and force the bolt?
Yes, from thence I went backwards into the shop; going into my shop I found my till burst open.
Tell me the situation of your shop?
It is towards the street.
And what room does it communicate with backwards?
The kitchen.
Is there a door from the kitchen to the shop?
What state did you find that door in?
That door was not locked or shut; I did not shut it, as we leave it open that we may hear readily; the key of my till was taken out of my glass-case, there was five pound in silver in it; and twenty-four or twenty-five shillings worth of halfpence, it was all gone every halfpenny? the next thing he saw, was the glass-case in the window had been pushed backwards, and there I found dark with the grease all round it.
So I went to my next door neighbour and told him I was ruined.
Did you miss any thing besides your money?
Oh Yes! all the plate almost out of the shew glass; out of the window a quantity; I have the inventory of them all.
You know nothing of your own knowledge how the fact was committed?
This is all therefore, that you know respecting it?
There was a hole made in your door?
For the purpose as you suppose of drawing back the bolt?
Was not the hole at a very great distance from the ground?
Eight inches.
You had the misfortune of being robbed some time before Mr. Delaforce?
Yes, two or three times.
Do you recollect saying, before the magistrate or at any other time, that it must have been a person perfectly acquainted with your shop to have committed this robbery?
No, I never said any such thing, some of the other people may have said it.
I believe it is a person nearly connected with yourself that robbed you before?
That is neither here nor there.
What does your consist of?
My wife and three children.
Any servant?
Who was up first that morning;
I was.
Who was up last the night before?
I went to bed last.
I am the watchman in Bishopsgate-street, and a shoe-maker by trade; about three
quarters after three on the 7th of April, on Monday morning this prisoner came by my beat, he passed me the corner of Artillery-lane, my Partner went up to him, to examine what he had in his handkerchief, which he had in his hand; with that he ran up Artillery-lane.
Do you mean a bundle or simply a handkerchief?
A handkerchief tied up, it was thrown away in Artillery-lane, he ran away, he also dropped an iron crow that is here.
How far had he ran before he dropped the handkerchief and the iron crow?
About twenty-four yards, I picked up the handkerchief, and gave it to the constable of the night, I also picked up the crow?
Did you deliver the handkerchief immediately to the constable of the night?
Without opening it?
Was the man taken, or did he get away?
My partner took him.
How soon after you first saw him, was it that he was taken?
I believe it might be about five or six minutes.
Can you tell of your own knowledge whether this man was the same man, that you first saw run?
To the best of my knowledge it was, but my partner was before me, and I could not see.
This was the man, that was brought in by your partner?
What distance was he from you when you saw him?
About two or three yards.
You did not see him pick up that bundle?
What time of the morning was this?
Within a quarter of four.
The street was extremely clear, I suppose he might have avoided you if he chose it?
I cannot say, whether he might or might not, he ran away directly when he was challenged.
I am one of the watchmen belonging to Bishopsgate parish, I was standing at the corner of Artillery-lane, and the prisoner happened to come by me on Monday morning about half before four, as near as I can guess; and he had a handkerchief with things in it, he was carrying it rather under his arm under his coat; I stepped up to him, Sir, says I, what have you got there? He muttered something, but I could not tell what he said; says I, I insist on knowing what you have got there, and will know; will you says he; yes says I, I will; I went to catch him, and he drew from me, and took to his heels, and ran up Artillery-lane; and I cried out Stop thief! and he directly threw the handkerchief away with the things in it; and an iron spike at the time he threw away, I desired the other watchman to pick up the things while I pursued the man; I pursued him, and never lost sight of him till he was taken; which was in Petticoat-lane near Widegate alley, there was two men more came to my assistance, and they laid hold of him before I got up; but I never lost sight of him.
Are you sure he is the same man that you saw firs t?
I am sure he is the same man, for my eyes were never off him, we took him to the watch-house; there is\\ some\\ things that I took out of his great coat pocket, a loaded pistol, a picklock key in his waistcoat pocket, and a knife; that pistol and that great gimblet was in his great coat pocket; this small one was picked up in the street where he threw the parcel; one of the watchmen picked up the small gimblet; I took seven watches out of his body coat pocket, and many buckles and buttons, and many things, I do not know what they were, out of every pocket belonging to him; we saw him pull out whole strings of gold rings, out of his breeches pockets, and fling them in the ashes or any where.
What kind of light had you when you pursued him?
It was not moonlight, it was a brightish sort of a morning, but I was so nigh him that my eyes was never off him.
You was extremely flurried?
Was the bundle you picked up the same bundle you saw under his coat?
I am sure of it.
How are you sure?
Because I saw him throw it away.
You saw him throw away a bundle, but how do you know it was that bundle?
I saw it afterwards.
Did you take notice of it after it was picked up?
Then how can you positively venture to say it was the bundle that you saw with that man before, was there any other man in the street at the time he was taken?
I do not think there was any but watchmen.
What did you do with the things that you found in his pockets?
I delivered them all to the constable of the night.
I am a watchman, I assisted in the taking the prisoner, I saw him first about half before four; hearing the alarm of Stop thief! I observed the prisoner come running towards me, I crossed over, and catched hold of him till assistance came; then Charles Smith came up, I afterwards saw him searched, I was busy observing him by the fire-place, throwing several rings and small spoons into the ashes; they were taken up afterwards and put in the bundle, along with the rest of the plate.
I am a watchman in Widegate-alley, about four I heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran, and Bateman said, I have got him, three men had hold of him, his coat was on the ground, I took it and threw it over my shoulder; the watches were taken out of the coat that I had; and a pistol loaded, a large gimblet, and several watches, and other property taken out of his pockets that I saw.
Was it the great coat, or the under coat that you threw on your shoulder?
I had them both over my shoulder.
Had he no coat on?
No, he was in his waistcoat.
Which coat do you say the watches were found in?
I do not recollect, John Green took them out.
I am a watchman, I helped to take this man, I came out of Bishopsgate-street; I saw him stopped by Joseph Bateman, and I came to assist.
You know no more of it I suppose?
Yes, I staid with him in the watch-house; and I saw him put his hand into his pocket, and pull out a handful of silver buckles and spoons, and a second time a bunch of gold rings, and some loose ones, and a third time some more, and another bunch, and threw them down upon the cinders; and I picked some of them up, and threw them into the bundle along with the rest: They were all put into the bundle.
I have not the bundle; by order of the Lord Mayor, the things were delivered to Mr. Delaforce; they were first delivered to me in the watch-house.
You received all the goods at the watch-house?
I carried them to my Lord Mayor.
And there you delivered them to Mr. Delaforce, and an inventory was taken?
He insisted on his money; he said it was his property, he turned out into my hand four pounds ten shillings in silver, I observed he had three rings on his fingers, I insisted on having them, at last he pulled them off.
Have you brought any of the rings?
This was the handkerchief they were tied up in; I delivered four pounds ten shillings to Mr. Delaforce by order of my Lord Mayor.
Repeat to me what things you have?
Here are three bunches of gold rings, two punch ladles, and three rings that were on his fingers, one set with stone, and two plain.
Do you know these three articles came out of that bundle?
Can you swear to any one of these articles?
I swear to them all, there is a poesy on each of the single rings, that I can swear to them by.
How do you know the bunches?
swear to them by putting them off and on some times.
Can you swear to plain gold rings by putting on and off?
By the maker's name in them, the maker that I employed.
Are they all of your own make?
No. Sir.
Is there any of the rings of the bunch that you can swear to?
This stone ring, this morning ring set with stones, that is in the bunch.
As to the punch ladles?
I can swear to them, by a sixpence and a shilling of Queen Anne, and King George, that is in them.
Is not that a common thing for punch ladles?
I had them made myself.
Is it a part of your business to sell new plate?
New, as well as old.
Was there any other part of the bundle of goods that were delivered to you, that you knew to be your property?
Yes, there are the watches, because I had all the maker's names put down in a book.
What else could you swear to, take the inventory in your hand and look over it?
I should not do any injustice, to swear to the whole, but I would be very careful what I did in such a thing as this, the goods have been in my possession so long that I could swear to them all.
Tell me of the articles that you are sure of?
The watches, the rings, the punch ladles, and the candlesticks.
Can you swear that you lost out of your shop, as many articles as correspond with those that you found afterwards in the bundle?
Yes, my Lord, and more, I lost seven table spoons and many other things.
Were all the articles that you have enumerateed in your possession the preceeding day?
They were at night when I went to bed.
Were they all contained in the bundle that was found?
They were all in the bundle that was found by the watchman, except two plain rings, and one stone one that were on his fingers, all that was in the indictment.
Ask the man who can tell you, I do not want to stop the question.
My Lord, here is evidence to prove that this man was seen to pick the bundle up, which amounts to nothing, if any of the things that were in the bundle were found on his person.
While you was at the watch-house, was the things that you found on that person, any of them put in the bundle?
The rings in particular, were kept separate in the bundle.
Yes, but some things that Mr. Delaforce has sworn to?
I was at Kingsland-road to see a gentleman, a master taylor; I was at dinner with him, we had something to drink, which got into my head, I slept at his house, as I had some money about me; I desired him to call me at three in the morning, which he did, and in coming along in my way home, I picked up a bag with a handkerchief tied to it, and I carried it in my hand; for the distance of twelve or fourteen yards; upon which, finding it too heavy to carry in my hand, I took and swung it over my shoulder; then the handkerchief being undone, the things came out, and I laid down the bag, and put what came out of the handkerchief into my pockets; and so tied the handkerchief up; one of the watchmen came up to me, and asked what I had, I told him I had found something, but did not know what it contained, he run after me again, I was very willing to shun him, for fear he should strike me, and so I dropped the bag; I have seen the gentleman that saw me pick up the bag, he heard that I was in the Poultry Compter, so he came and asked me my name, and how I came by the bag; I asked him his name, and I gave it to my friends: If the laws of England will find a man guilty for picking up a thing in the street, I am guilty, otherwise I am as innocent as the child that is unborn.
A victualler.
Where do you live?
In Kingsland-road.
Where was you on the 6th of April last?
Down at my own house.
What is the sign?
There is no sign to it, only the meat in the window.
Whereabout is it?
The middle of the right hand.
Near any sign?
The Black Lyon is the next sign to it.
Who lives at the next door?
I am not acquainted with my neighbours, I am but lately come there.
Do you not know who lives at the next door?
How many doors off the Black Lyon?
Four or five.
Do you know who keeps the Black Lyon?
No, upon my word I cannot tell his name.
Who was in your house on the 6th of April?
An old acquaintance of mine.
Was the prisoner at the bar at your house on the 6th of April?
Yes, he dined with me on that day, he got in liquor, he was to have come home that night, but he staid till three o'clock, and left me on Monday morning past three..
Have you a clock in your house?
You have been at this place six weeks, where did you come from last?
From the water-side, Shadwell.
Whereabout?
Spring-street.
How long had you lived there?
Ten or eleven years.
What business did you carry on there?
The same as I do now.
You call yourself a victualler?
Do you sell meat only or beer?
Small beer, meat, and bread.
How long have you been acquainted with the prisoner?
A great many years.
What way was this man coming?
He was coming up Bishopsgate-street, towards Shoreditch.
Which way does Norton Falgate lay?
Towards Shoreditch.
My Lord, there is a person that saw me pick the bundle up, who has not been called.
You may call him if you please, I shall not, and I would advise you not to call him.
Do you desire to have that person called?
Yes, my Lord, his name is Levi Moses .
Where do you live?
I live in Houndsditch, I know the prisoner no further only when I saw him pick up the bundle, and when I saw him in the Compter.
When did you see him pick up the bundle?
On the 7th of April, on Monday morning.
Where?
It was just close towards the turning down Cock-lane; I was going to turn down Cock-lane.
From where?
From Hounsditch.
What time of the day?
To the best of my knowledge half after three in the morning, I saw a bundle before me, and I thought to go to it, and before I could get to it, the prisoner got it, I saw it first, about ten or twelve yards from me, almost close to the curb stone; and before I could get it, the prisoner at the bar had the advantage of me.
What do you mean by that?
He was coming to meet me, and he laid hold of the bundle; says I to him my friend you have got the start of me, he said, I suppose somebody or other will own this bundle, and if they do not says he, I shall advertise it: I said, to him where do live, says he, I can tell you, my name is Lewis, I lodge at one Mrs. Sheen's in Shakespear's-walk, Shadwell; and if you should hear any body enquire after it, I should be glad; I went about my business towards Cock-lane to call my men up to work; I parted with him, he went towards Bishopsgate-street as far as I could observe, and I went down Cock-lane to call the people, I had several men to call up to do my business.
What business?
In our Passover cakes.
Do they work for you?
Yes, I employ many men at that time, eight or ten to
make biscuits for my own people, we are obliged to make them early and late, I was telling some of my work folks, says I, if I had been a little sooner I should have found a bundle in the street, but what it was I could not tell, the next day I heard there was a man committed to the Compter; I went there to enquire after him, I told him if I can be of any service I will, for I am the man that saw you pick up the bundle, he sent his friends to me to be so good as to serve a man in his situation, which I would be glad to do, be he Jew or Gentile.
What kind of a bundle was it you saw him pick up?
I cannot tell whether it was a bag or not, it was a sort of a darkish bundle.
What size might it be?
I cannot tell, I did not take so much observation, as I was going about my own business, it was a good sizeable bundle; I think it was this length, ( about half a yard,) in a sort of dark thing, a cloath or such like.
Had you no curiosity to know what was in his bundle?
No, my Lord, I was very late in my business, I could not stay, I had business more material.
Did not you think you had some little claim?
I thought it might have dropt out of some country cart, something, I could not tell what.
Is not there a notion among you, that if any thing is found, that all those that are present are to divide it among them?
I know nothing at all about that.
Did not you tell this man that you was to have half?
You are a very disinterested man to let this man carry off the bundle?
I was too belated in my own business.
How long had you known him before?
I never saw the man before he picked up the bundle, and once in the Compter, I never made any enquiry about it, I gave him my directions.
You have a good memory?
I must, my business require a good memory; it does indeed.
How was the prisoner dressed that morning?
Not as he is now to be sure, I do not know how he was dressed, he had a sort of a great coat on, that I am pretty positive of.
Did you see any thing of any gimblets or iron crows.
Do you deal in silver as well as biscuits?
No, never, no man can ever say, I ever bought any silver.
And did you really never see this man before?
No, my Lord, never.
