I met the prisoner on Sunday morning, the 28th of April, by the Brown Bear, in Bow-street, Covent-Garden, about five o'clock in the morning; he was attempting to go into the house, but the landlord pushed him out. He said to me, I know of another public-house; if you will go with me, you shall be well entertained, and have what liquor you chuse to drink. I went with him to a public-house, I cannot recollect where, but, to the best of my knowledge, it was the Feathers, Great Wild-street ; we had two pints and two pennyworths there. During the time we staid, he put his hand into my pocket, and took out three half crowns: I was almost asleep when he put his hand first into my pocket, but that awaked me; I missed my money, and called to him just as he was going out. I perceived his hand in my pocket; I am sure it was he, because there was nobody else in the tap-room. I called to him, that I wanted to speak to him, but he shut the door: I went and opened the door as nimbly as I could; by that time he was crossing the street. I called out that he had got my money; upon that he ran, I pursued him. It was then near seven o'clock. I followed him through several turnings for about five minutes, crying Stop thief. He was stopped by William Lee , a brewer's servant: he asked what I had to alledge against him; I said he had taken my money. I went and called a constable; the constable asked me what he had robbed me of; I said three half crowns; he asked me if I could swear to it; I said I could, and I described them. The constable searched him, and found three half-crowns in his coat poc ket, that answered the description I gave of them: there is one very remarkable, it is marked G H on the woman side; there is another, a bad one; the third I had no particular marks on; but I am sure the other two are mine.
I was drinking with him all night; we were at a house in Long-acre; he came with me from thence to Red-lion street, Holborn, before he charged me with any thing; he would drink at almost every house that he could find open; he said the next morning, if I would give him a guinea, he would make it up. I said I was but a poor man, I believed I could raise half a guinea; he said we must go before the justice to have a proper discharge. When we came there, he swore point blank that I took the money out of his pocket.
Was the prosecutor sober when he came to you?
He appeared to have been drinking, but neither he nor the prisoner was drunk.
Did you carry the prisoner to the house of Mr. Davis, and want money of him?
He begged of me to go, and wanted me to take half a guinea; I said I dare not, it was compounding felony. After that I went with him to Mr. Davis's.
