I am a gardener . On the 6th of March, I had been working in the neighbourhood of Whitechapel. As I was returning from my work, at about a quarter after seven o'clock, I was stopped by the prisoner and three other men in Stepney-fields . They demanded my money; I said I had no money: upon which the prisoner kicked me on my right side with his foot, and I fell down upon the ground: then the prisoner put his hand into my right-hand breeches pocket, and took out a guinea and a half.
How came you to have so much money in your pocket?
I took it with me to buy some clothes, but it was too dark when I had done work.
Was there sufficient light to see the prisoner's countenance, so as to be certain he is the man?
Yes; it was dusk, neither light nor dark; but I could see his face very well, as he had nothing over it; he had his hat flapped, but it was not over his face. I could not swear to any of the other persons.
Was not you very much frightened?
I was very little frightened; God kept me. When they left me, I went home, and went to bed, and in the morning I went to the Rotation-office, and gave information of the robbery. On the 18th of March, I was sent for to the Rotation-office; I saw the prisoner there in a room, in company with two other prisoners. As I passed them, the prisoner said to me, You sulky negro, what do you look at? upon which I fixed upon the prisoner; I knew him to be the man, though I said nothing till I went into the office. I am sure he is the person that took the money out of my pocket.
What description did you give of the prisoner when you laid the information?
That he was a red-faced man, and I should know him again, if I saw him.
Was that all the description you gave of him?
Yes.
I am a constable. I went, by direction of Justice Staples, to endeavour to take the men who committed this robbery. On the 12th of March, we took the prisoner, and two persons who were tried here last sessions and convicted; the other two had cutlasses; the prisoner had a large stick; we took them before the magistrate.
I know no more of it than the child in my mother's womb.
I belong to the Rotation-office, Whitechapel. I asked Commins by whom he was robbed: he said four men. I asked him if he should know them: he said he should know one, he was a tall man with a red face.
I live at Erith, in Kent. I was at the Rotation-office, on account of my son being there on a charge of felony. I heard Commins say, he was very sorry he had sworn that the prisoner was the man, for he could not be certain to him. I know nothing of the prisoner; I never saw him before I was at the justice's. I am a brick-maker, and employ a great many men.
I am servant to Mr. King, a butcher, in Bluecross-street. I saw the prisoner about a quarter before five o'clock, on the sixth of March; I particularly recollect the day, because I hurt my arm on the preceding day, the fifth of March: I met him in Warwick-lane; we went into a public-house, and had two pots of beer, and staid about two hours together. I then said I could not stay any longer; I must go home to my master's: he went home with me to my master's, and then we went to the Feathers tavern, and had two or three pots of beer, and parted about ten o'clock.
Before the justice, I asked the prosecutor what dress I was in at the time he supposed that I robbed him: he said, the same dress I had on then. I have a person to prove I bought the coat I had on, four days after the robbery.
Did the prisoner ask you what dress he was in when he robbed you?
I do not remember that he did.
Did you say he was in the same dress then, that he robbed you in?
I can swear I never said such a word.
The prisoner asked Justice Sherwood, whether he would ask that question about the clothes, or he should ask it himself; the justice told him he might ask it himself, and he did ask it.
I know the prisoner.
Do you know what clothes he was possessed of on the sixth of March?
Yes; he had only a brown close-bodied coat; he had no great coat: he bought the great coat he has on of a young man I keep company with: on the 10th of March, he came home without his coat, and said he had sold it to the prisoner.
