On the 15th of April, I was up the last person in the house; I am certain my street-door was fast when I went to bed, which was at twelve o'clock. Between two and three o'clock in the morning, my wife told me she thought there were thieves in the house, as she had heard a noise; I jumped out of bed; I heard a noise at the door in the street; I threw up the sash, and asked who was there: the watchman said, he believed the servant had robbed the house; I put on some clothes, and went down with a light; when I came down into the passage, I found the prisoner there, and three or four watchmen with her; she had got a bundle with her; upon examining it, I found it contained several of the things mentioned in the indictment. When the constable came, he said she must be searched; she said, if we would not search her. She would deliver up what she had got; then she pulled out a French-plate half pint mug, and then a guinea; she said, Here is your guinea; and she pulled out two or three caps, and some other little things; but the greater part of the things were in the parcel. She said a person who recommended her as a servant to my wife, advised her to steal what she could the first opportunity, and make her escape. She lived with me a month within two days.
Where does the person live that recommended her?
By Whitechapel.
Was it day-light when you came down at three o'clock?
No; not till an hour after.
I am a watchman. On the 16th of April, at a little after three o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner with a large bundle in Mansfield-street, Goodman's-fields.
Where does the prosecutor live?
In Swan-street, near the Minories . I stopped her, and asked her where she was going, and what she had got in her bundle: she said her master had come home in liquor, and had had some words, and her mistress had discharged her; that she was going into the country, and her mistress had put some bread and cheese into the handkerchief to keep her on the road. There was some bread and cheese in a handkerchief by itself. She told me her master lived in the Minories; I asked if her mistress was up; she said she was: I told her she must go with me to her mistress. As we were going up Swan-court, I saw Mr. Parker's door a-jar; the watchman shoved it open: I took the prisoner into the passage; she wanted to leave the bundle with me, and to be off; I told her she must see her mistress: we called Mr. Parker up; the officer of the night was sent for, and charged with the prisoner.
Had any of your own family been out that night?
No.
Do you know whether the prisoner had been to bed that night?
I saw her in the passage about twelve o'clock; but I don't know whether she was in bed before I fastened the doors.
I have nothing to say particular in my defence.
