I am servant to Mr. Smith in Lombard-street. On the 11th of December my mistress sent to me to pack up her things; I packed up the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) to go from the town house to the country house. She was in the country at this time. I packed them up in a packing cloth, and put them in the errand cart to go to my mistress's at Tottenham.
Whose cart did you put them into?
One Richardson's; he comes from Tottenham. The cart was in Nicolas-lane. I put them into the cart myself.
Whose care did you deliver them to?
Into the care of James Richardson ; I saw him go off with them.
You do not know what became of them?
No.
What time of day was it?
Four o'clock.
I took these things (producing them) out of the prisoner's left hand, in Houndsditch. I saw the errand cart coming towards Bishopsgate-street.
Do you know whose cart it was?
I do not; I saw the prisoner behind the cart undoing the tilt. There were four or five of them, I cannot say which.
Are you sure the prisoner was one?
Yes; after he had undone the tilt, he went out of the highway into the pathway. After the cart had gone about twenty yards he went to the cart again; he put his hand upon the tail of the cart, and with his left hand pulled out this bundle; he turned his back to the cart, and was coming from it; I said to my brother get on the left hand side of the pathway, for that man has robbed the cart; the prisoner ran from behind the cart with that bundle before him.
Did you or your brother stop him?
Yes, I did.
Is that the bundle you saw him take out of the cart?
This is the bundle, I delivered it to Ponsonby the constable. When I took hold of him, he asked me what I wanted with him? I said he had robbed the cart; he attempted to drop it, and it fell between him and me. I took hold of him by the collar, he began to be outrageous; having him in one hand and the bundle in the other, he was almost too much for me, till my brother came up and I got assistance. I delivered the bundle to Mr. Perke.
What time of night was this?
Between six and seven o'clock on the 11th of December, on a Saturday.
It must be very dark at that time?
It was dark.
How far was you from the cart when the bundle was taken out?
About ten yards off; it was almost opposite Mr. Perke's shop.
Could you see distinctly what was doing at the cart?
Yes.
Why did not you tell the carter of it?
The prisoner ran from the cart, and the cart kept going on. He desired me to let him go but I would not.
Did you charge him with taking the bundle?
Yes; he said he found it in the street. It was a sloppy night, but the parcel was not dirty.
At the time of the bustle did that young man deliver that bundle to you?
Yes, he brought it into my shop. Wilcox crying out, I went out to their assistance, and we brought in the bundle and the prisoner. I opened the bundle and looked at it and sent Wilcox after the cart; it was not to be found. I looked over the things and said they would bear advertising. I sent for a constable and delivered it to him; it was only left in my custody while he took the prisoner to the Compter.
You cannot say that this is the bundle which was left in your shop?
It is the same bundle; I examined it before the constable took the prisoner to the Compter and after he came back.
I am a constable. I was sent for, and found the prisoner in custody; this bundle was produced to me by Mr. Perke; it has been in my custody ever since.
How in your custody, has it been under lock and key?
Yes, I took the things out and put them in one of my own drawers and kept the key.
The stockings and shoes are marked with my master's name.
As I was coming up Hounsditch I saw these things lie in the street. This man came up to me and asked me what I was going to do with them, and where I got them? I said I picked them up; I told him I would go with him into a house, and if any body owned them they should have them.
I am a dealer abroad. The prisoner has been a servant of mine; he has been with me to France; he always behaved very honestly; I have trusted him to receive drafts for me.
I am a draper and mercer. I have known the prisoner two years I never heard any good character of him.
I have known the prisoner between twelve and fourteen years. I have known him to be trusted with pounds worth of my master's and his father's property. I never knew any thing but honesty of him.
