A man came to our shop and asked me to shave him, with a coach harness on his shoulder, he asked me if I knew any body that would buy them, then I went and fetched a man and they could not agree. I said I would take them to a coachman; I met Lealter in Whitechapel, he bid me come home; he said he could not look at them in the street; says I, you are nearer my master's house, and you can speak to the man; says he, bring them to my house;
when I came there, he said his brother was not home, he came home soon; he bid me 11 s. I asked him a guinea; I went back to let the man know; I came back and asked him 16 s. He would not give any more than 13 s. I went back again, and the man said I might take 14 s. one shilling for myself, and 13 s. for the harness. The man said, my master gave me two guineas, and I have lost the money. Lealter said, he thought he was imposed on, and had given too much.
Does Lealter usually buy pieces of harness that you went to him?
No, only I had known him these three or four years, I thought him a proper man.
I hope the officers of justice will keep an eye upon Mr. Lealter, if he is not more careful he will be brought here himself.
I know the prisoner, he is my journeyman ; I have seen Harris (the witnesses to the facts were examined apart) this here said Harry Levi is a journeyman of mine, he was working in the shop between twelve and two there came in one John Harris to be shaved, he brought in some harness or bridles, they were some leather belonging to harness. This Henry Levi shaved him, he whispered to him, and he told me this Harris has got something to sell belonging to horses. I said, did this fellow come honestly by them, as I had only seen Harris two or three times. Harris told him his master had given them to him, he had a new carriage and the old harness and things belonged to the servants, he said he had pawned his new buckskin breeches and gamed the money away in the Lottery-office, and now he must wear his new breeches, and must take them out of pawn, therefore he wanted to sell this harness. The prisoner then said, let me fetch one that lives in our neighbourhood to look at them. I told him to go and not stay; he went and fetched one Simons to look at them; he asked 16 s. for them. Harris shewed them to Simons, he said they were not worth so much, so he would have nothing to do with them. Harris said to the prisoner I will leave them with you till tomorrow morning, he said if you get above 14 s. keep it yourself, and if only 14 s. I will give you 6 d. In the afternoon he carried them to Lealter, and shewed them him. I know no further. Harris said he was a coachman belonging to the same stable next the Saracen's Inn, I did not ask him to whom.
Did not you enquire who this gentleman was?
No, my Lord, his stables was next the Saracen's Inn, his master kept his carriage there; I enquired after the lad was brought into trouble; I went to look after him and he was in prison. I have shaved the prosecutor, I asked him where Harris was; he told me that he came once or twice to clean horses, they said they knew nothing of him, they knew nothing of the lad Harris, but now he knows nothing of him; one is the prosecutor himself. I learned his name was Harris at the Saracen's Head.
Do you know this Harris?
No, my Lord.
Was any body present when Harris came to your shop?
Yes, Moses Levi , my journeyman.
On Wednesday Joseph Harris came into our house to be shaved, between twelve and two, with some collars and bridles across his shoulder, he laid them down and the prisoner shaved him, after he was shaved he asked the prisoner if he knew any body to buy the harness, he spoke loud, I heard him, and our little 'prentice heard it.
He did not speak it in a whisper, but spoke out loud?
There was no whispering at all; and Harris told him he should have something for his trouble. Then the prisoner fetched one Simons, he came with him, and they could not agree; I do not know what he asked; Harris asked the prisoner to shew them to any body else; after his business was done he went with the harnesses; Harris left them with the
prisoner to sell for him; he brought them home again; Thursday morning the prisoner took them out again. Whilst the prisoner was out, Harris came for the money, the prisoner came home and gave it him.
What was Harris?
An hostler; he said he worked for the George Inn, in Fenchurch-street; he said his master had got a new coach and the harness was his.
What master, the master of the George Inn?
I don't know; he said he would not have sold them, but he lost his money in the lottery time; he said he wanted to buy him a pair of boots and a pair of breeches; he said his master gave him money to buy them, but he had lost it in the lottery. The prisoner is no relation; I am journeyman to my brother; he was by, we were all shaving the customers; he spoke loud, he did not whisper; my brother could hear well enough himself; he told me in the hearing of my brother that he belonged to the George Inn.
The prisoner came to me about seven or eight weeks ago, and asked me to come to his house to buy a pair of harness, there was a man had a pair to sell.
What are you?
I am a jew by profession, and a chapman and dealer; I deal with master hackneymen for hammer-cloths and harness, and any thing in their way; I buy at sales; I deal in old cloaths besides. There was a man had them to sell, the harness was not there; I went to Henry Levi 's house; I do not know whether he keeps the shop, it is his mother's house, and a barber's shop; one Levi is the master, I saw no other men, there was a strange man who had them to sell. I believe the mother of the prisoner was there; he asked me half a guinea, I told him they would not do for me; I did not see the harness; I offered him nothing.
Who was in the shop?
If it costs my life I cannot tell, I think his mother was there; my business was to look on the things; the prisoner is a neighbour, I know the shop, the mother has kept it some years; there are two brothers besides the prisoner, which are the masters of the shop I do not know; if there was one there, it was the youngest, but I cannot tell.
This is your journeyman?
Yes, he has behaved exceeding well, he was apprentice to me, I never found him dishonest, he was industious; his mother lives with me, and I can prove myself to be the master of the shop, she is a widow, I take care of her.
