On the evening of the 7th of March, between nine and ten at night, my house was robbed, as I was informed; I went out about eight; I left my wife and two others at home; I returned between nine and ten at night; my man came for me; I came home, and found my house robbed of the things mentioned in the indictment; I know the prisoner from an infant; he was a shoe-maker, and a neighbour; I did not see the things found.
I lost a waistcoat, a pair of breeches, and a pair of stockings; I live at Mr. Play-fair's; I am his servant; I was not at home at the time of the robbery; I came home about twenty minutes before ten; I found the same things were missing.
I received information of the robbery, and a description of the person who was suspected, I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and apprehended him, and in his room I found these things; the prisoner was there in bed; it was two days after the robbery, in the morning about eight; I had a description of the things; seeing these breeches laying by the side of the bed, I asked him whose they were, and he said mine; I saw a pair of stockings, and asked him if they were his; he said yes, they were what he worked in, and a waistcoat that was there, he likewise said was his; nothing but these things were found upon him; but the evening before, I found a basket standing at the end of the court where he lodged.
I am sure they are mine.
What do you know them by from others?
I know them very well, by the mending and appearance of them.
Have you any doubt that they are yours?
No.
Is your wife here?
No.
There is no evidence of the house being broke open.
The prisoner has informed us himself how he got into the house; he wanted to be an evidence, but there being no other person, the Justice thought it was not proper.
What led him to confess?
Nothing, that I know of, because the woman was proved to be in the front shop, and he could not go out any other way with the basket, so he told us how he got out.
What questions were asked him?
None at all; I went and examined the premises, according to his own directions, and I found it according as he said.
What did you say to him when he told you of this?
There was a girl in bed when we took him, and he said he was guilty himself, because we should not hurt the girl.
Guilty of what?
Of breaking into Mr. Playfair's house, and he said it at the office; nothing had passed before; the room was proved to be the girl's room; she paid rent for it; when he was asked what he had to say in his defence, before Justice Walker, he said he had nothing more to say, but that he was guilty, and hoped the Justice would not hurt the girl; and when we came up, there was a lamppost in Mr. Playfair's passage, that leads to Mr. Playfair's house, and he said he got up that lamp-post, got into the yard, and then went into the entry over the back house, where the man lay, where these things were; he brought them down in the yard, and there was the basket; the lock being old, he forced open the door, and got away; he said after he got over the wall, the yard door was open; it was upon the latch; that is the latch of the door of the yard; that was the back house door; it is all adjoining; it is one wall; it is the yard door that goes into the road; but he had got into the yard; the other door was open.
There is no burglary proved now.
I have nothing to say; I have witnesses.
