I am a seafaring man . I was taking a walk in Stepney-fields on the 30th of July, at about four o'clock in the afternoon; I was a little in liquor, I met the prisoner; she asked me what countryman I was; I said north; she said she was the same; I said you may as well go with me for company; we went together, and had two or three pints of beer; then she took me to an house in Elbow-lane ; I do not know whose house it is, I never enquired, I was never there before; I got there about seven o'clock; there was only one woman within; she brought up a pot of beer; she went away after that; the prisoner and I went to bed together.
Had you your money when you went in there?
Yes, for I paid for a pot of beer, and a shilling for a bed after I got into the house; the money was in my pocket when I put my clothes off; I lay there till between eleven and twelve at night; she was gone away; the people waked me, and said I had lost my money, and called in the street five or six times, Sailor, you have lost your money! I looked at my pockets, and missed my money; I told them I had lost my money; I was locked in; the people of the house opened the door, and let me out; I found the prisoner in custody in a neighbour's house; they asked me if I should know the woman? I said I believed I should; they shewed me the prisoner, and asked me if that was her? I said yes; so they took us both to the watch-house; I did not get any of my money again.
You say you was in liquor that afternoon, was you so much in liquor as to make it doubtful whether that might be the same person or not?
I am certain she is the same person.
He declared before the justice of peace and this man, that he knew nothing of the purse; he does not know the nature of an oath; he does not know good from evil; he came to me in the prison to make it up with me; I would not make it up with him, as we were all before the presence of the Lord, as he is omnipresent in every place, as I was not guilty of the crime. I have not had time to send to my landlady in Virginia-street; if he was to advertise me for a whole year in the news-paper, nobody could prove any thing against me.
I keep a green-stall, and go about with greens with an horse and cart; I live in Gravel-lane; my cart-house is in Elbow-lane. Between eleven and twelve o'clock I was alarmed by a woman, who said somebody had broke into my back-yard; I ran there to see, the dog was barking much; the prisoner had run into the necessary, and locked herself in; when she heard me speaking to the dog to be quiet, she came out and begged to be let out. I asked her how she came there? She said she had got into a bawdy-house and was obliged to make her escape; she must have come over two pallisades. I took her to the watch-house; I found a purse in my back yard the next morning.
I was present when she was searched; we found two guineas upon her head behind her bonnet; Thomas Cole searched her and found sixteen shillings and sixpence upon her.
I am innocent of it.
