I am a gardener . I lodge at Mr. Davis's, in Gray's buildings, Marybone. On the 6th of April I had drawn ten guineas out of Mr. Davis's hands, to put them into the hands of a gentleman. I went to the gentleman's house, but I could not see him; so I brought the money back, and put it into a cupboard in my bed-room, about ten o'clock at night, just before I went to bed. The prisoner slept in the same room; but he did not come into the room that night, till after I had locked up the money, and had got into bed. When I got up the next morning, about nine o'clock, I looked into the cupboard, and saw the paper lying there, in which the money was wrapped up, just to appearance as I had left it over night; but I did not open the paper. The prisoner was in bed at that time; but he was awake, and saw me look into the cupboard. I went out to fetch some bread for my breakfast; when I came back, which was in about ten minutes, both the prisoner and the money were gone: he got up before I went out. He was taken on the Monday after, in a public house; he was very drunk: he had bought himself some new clothes, which he had on; and he had two guineas and some shillings in his pocket.
John Boardman lodges at my house; the prisoner lodged there too. The prisoner absconded on the Saturday; he had not paid me for his lodging: he was taken on the Monday following. I was at home when Boardman went out to get some bread: he left the prisoner in his bed-room: after he was gone, I heard the prisoner walking about the room, and then I heard him go down stairs; Boardman came in just after he went out. As soon as Boardman had been up in his room, he came down, and told me he had lost his money. On the day before, the Friday, the prisoner came down to me, and said, When I have got money and victuals enough, I cannot eat; but now I have got neither money nor victuals, I am d - d hungry.
What was the prisoner?
He draws draughts for gentlemen, and throws water up out of a coal-pit. His father does that; but I believe the prisoner only grinds colours, and does such things. The prisoner had lodged with me about two months.
I was at home when Boardman went out; while Boardman was gone out, the prisoner ran down stairs to me, and asked for some water to wash his hands; I gave him a dish of tea; I observed his hands trembled very much, and his face was very white; he went off, and in less than five minutes Mr. Boardman came in, and missed his money. I lent the prisoner a penny, and after that three halfpence, the day before, because he said he had not a farthing. He owed me for a fortnight's lodging, when he went off.
I was sent for to the Red-lion, to take the prisoner into custody; upon searching him, I found two half-guineas, a guinea, and 4 s. 6 d.: he was much in liquor.
The money I bought the clothes with, and what I had about me, I received for the plans I have in my hand. The day I went from my lodging, I was obliged to go to Rickmansworth in Hertfordshire. I sent a letter to my landlord, that I should be back in a few days. I had before left my lodging, and had sent a similar letter to my landlord, and returned at the time stated in the letter. I often borrowed halfpence and silver; not because I had not money, but because I did not like to break my gold. My witnesses are not here, because I did not expect my trial to come on so soon. Will your Lordship indulge me so far as to ask Mr. Davis how I behaved whilst I was in his house?
What do you say as to that?
I cannot give him any good character. He kept very bad hours; and often came home drunk: sometimes he paid me, and sometimes not.
Do you know any thing of his going to Rickmansworth?
No.
He says he has left his lodging, and returned again?
He left his lodgings, and robbed me at the same time.
