I am clerk to Messrs. Rashleigh and Co. the prisoner came to our house on Tuesday the 11th of January last, about three in the afternoon, he came into the compting-house, and on seeing me he was coming up, I called out to him if he was coming for prize-money, he was too late that day, I was particularly busy in counting dollars, and I did not wish him to come near me, he said he had an order, or a power, I cannot say which, to receive prize-money, and he seemed to be going out, when Mr. Turner, one of the partners called to see his authority, upon which he gave him the order; Mr. Turner said he believed it was a forgery, and desired me to call Mr. Rashleigh, who immediately came out of the other compting-house.
I received this paper from the prisoner, I examined the prize list, there was no money due to this man of the name of Place, it appeared that the fourth payment was made, and the mark of William Place put as a receipt at the time of payment.
I paid Place two pounds six shillings the last payment, he made his mark.
I called Mr. Rashleigh, and said I suspected it was a forgery.
Did you pay Place any money before?
He had been paid two or three times.
Then you cannot say that he cannot write, all that you know is, that he made his mark?
Yes.
I was called into the compting-house and informed that a person was present to receive prize-money; and they supposed there was a forgery; I went into the compting-house to see, and saw the prisoner, and shewed him this paper, and asked him how he came by it, as it was dated Plymouth; he told me he received it in a letter from Plymouth; I asked him where the letter was; he told me at his lodgings; I asked where his lodgings were; he told me at the White Lyon in St. Catherine's, I think that was the answer he gave; I then left him in the compting-House, and went for a constable, the constable came, and I charged him with the prisoner, on a suspicion of forgery, in uttering this note: I desired the constable to go with him to his lodgings; and if they found the letter there and the matter clear, I had no objection to the prisoner's being released, because I thought it would be a proof that he had come by it honestly; on the same day, and nearly at the same time I referred to some letters I had received from Mr. Nicholls, the Mayor of Plymouth, to compare it with the will.
Was the prisoner present?
I think he was.
He did not know what you did.
Did he know you was comparing the hands?
I cannot say; here is the power of attorney, William Place has here put his mark, Mr. Thompson paid him.
I believe you asked the prisoner how he came by this after that?
Yes.
Did he come back again after he had been to search?
He was carried to the Compter immediately.
Had you any conversation with the prisoner after?
Yes, I had.
I believe in that conversation you required him to tell the truth, how he came by this order to receive the money?
I did, and his account of it was that he received it from one Joseph Eagan , at a public-house, a little above that house; Eagan was sent for upon that, and taken into custody, but he was afterwards discharged for want of sufficient proof; the prisoner said there was another man that would prove it; he said, he had been a taylor, he said Eagan had drawn it; the prisoner had before received money on powers of attorney; and I asked him where these powers were; he said they were altogether at his lodgings; the prisoner is a taylor or shopman, he had often been at our house before, and had always signed his mark.
Did he say Eagan owed him any money?
No, the prisoner made this kind of declaration, with the view of turning King's evidence.
I was on board the Termagant till she was paid off, from the time she was put in commission; I know William Place, to my knowledge he could not write, I always saw him make his mark, I have wrote letters for him, the ship has been paid off two years, but whether he has learned to write since, I do not know.
How long before this had you paid Place?
The 27th of September.
I knew Mr. Nicholls, the Mayor of Plymouth, for fifteen years, I have seen him write constantly.
Is that his hand writing?
It differs very much from his usual mode of writing.
Do you believe it is, or it is not his hand writing?
I believe it is not.
It is clearly ms. here, for his Majesty's ship Termagant, wisch, (for which) this shall be your discharge, William Place.
It is a fair simile.
I think it is hardly so much, my Lord; there is to be sure a tolerable imitation.
The Jury will judge of that.
I desire to have my witnesses called; I have nothing particular to say.
