On the 1st of November I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them.) Mary Smith and I, and another woman, all lodged in one room. There were two beds in the room. Mary Smith lay in one bed by herself. In the morning Mary Smith complained of her bowels being very bad; she got up and went down stairs two or three times; we were in bed at the time. She brought a young girl up stairs with her; the young woman who was in bed with me said to the girl she brought up with her, Susannah, will you light the fire? She said Yes, I will. The young woman who was in bed with me then turned round to me and we fell asleep and slept about ten minutes. When we waked we missed the things off the table; we laid them on the table when we undressed ourselves.
How came three of your gowns on the table at once - you had not them all on?
I am not sure that they were all lying on the table, they were on the table or chairs. When we waked, the prisoner and the other young woman were gone. We found two gowns in the morning at one Mrs. Richardson's, a pawnbroker, in Lewkner's-lane, Drury-lane; they were found by Ann King , the other young woman.
Is she here?
No. I went to the pawnbroker's and saw them lying there.
You never found any of the other things at all?
No. The prisoner went off for ten weeks I believe. I never saw her again till I saw her at Sir John Fielding 's. They came and told me she was taken up. The pawnbroker had stopped her; before the justice she denied taking the things.
I am servant to Mrs. Richardson, a pawnbroker, in Lewkner's-lane, Drury-lane. On the 1st of November, about nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner and Mary Fletcher came and pawned two gowns, one a stuff, and the other a linen one, in the name of Mary Fletcher . Frances Robinson and Ann King came and saw the things behind the compter. They went to Sir John Fielding 's and he ordered the things to be taken up there. When I came there Sir John finding the woman in distress, having no clothes to put on, ordered me to deliver them up, and told me if the prisoner came again, to charge an officer with her, and take her up. She came again about a month ago, and ordered the gowns to be brought down in the name of Mary Fletcher . I pretended to go up stairs, but went to the door and sent for an officer and stopped her.
Did you ask her any questions about them?
No.
Should you know the gowns again?
No; I have seen one of the gowns on the young woman's back.
Is that the gown she has on now?
I cannot say; it was a black gown.
Is that gown you have on one of the gowns you had from the pawnbroker?
Yes.
That is one of the gowns that were lost?
Yes.
Have you the other here?
No. I was obliged to make money of it to get me a pair of shoes.
Was the name of the young woman that came in with her Fletcher?
Yes, Susannah Fletcher .
They were pawned in the name of Fletcher, but there is written at the bottom Ann Smith , Crown-court, the place where she lodged.
When I went out in the morning, I left Susannah Fletcher in the room, I know nothing of the things being stolen. I saw Susannah Fletcher afterwards, and she said she had two gowns in pawn, that if I would fetch them out, I should have them for two shillings more than they were pawned for. If I had known that they had been stolen, I would not have gone to have fetched stolen goods out.
How came you to go to Richardson's to look for the things?
The other young woman went to fetch a gown of her's out of pawn, and saw them there behind the compter.
