I am a taylor . On the 12th of June, about a quarter before ten o'clock, as I was coming through a field, near the New road, from my brother-in-law's, where I had been to measure him, I saw two men standing at a stile before me; they walked leisurely on, I walked on. When I came up to them, they each stopped on one side; I passed between them; I looked at each of them, and went on; they followed me over the next field; I thought they walked faster than they should do, upon which I mended my pace: then one of them ran, and overtook me; he seized me by my throat; threw me down, and then held me by my throat; the other put his knee upon my belly, and risled my pockets of what is mentioned in the indictment. Then one said to the other, Damn your eyes! come along; and pointed to shew me where my hat lay: they ran away. The prisoner held his hand to my throat, and his face was over me all the time they were rifling me. I had a better view of him than the other, but I should know the other if I saw him. I saw the prisoner next morning in a street in Ratcliffe-Highway . I went back that night, after I was robbed, to my brother-in-law's; we went to the field I was robbed in; we saw a man walking there; we asked him who he was: he said he was a friend; there was he and some more of Justice Sherwood's men. The next day we searched about, and saw a great many, but none answered the description; at last we saw three men walking on the other side of the street; they were all taken up; one I had no knowledge of, he was discharged immediately; the two others were carried before a magistrate; one of them was discharged, because I said I did not know the man. It was a light night; it lightened much: I could see distinctly the face of the person who stood over me; the prisoner I am positive is the man.
I live at No. 3, Stepney-causeway. My husband is a rope-maker. The prisoner is a rope-maker, and was in my house, in the same room with me, on the 12th of June, from a little before nine in the evening till the watchman went eleven. I have known him upwards of six months, and never heard any thing against his character.
Is your house near the New road, where this robbery was committed?
I cannot tell.
It is about half a mile.
Are you sure as to the time he came to your house?
It was at nine o'clock.
What makes you able to fix the time?
Nothing in particular.
What did he come to your house for?
To ask how my husband did; my husband being sick a long time, and upon the sick book of the rope-makers: he was a-bed up stairs, and we were down stairs.
How long was he at your house?
From nine till the watch went eleven.
Was any body with the prisoner?
Yes; Mary Street, a gentlewoman who lives next door to me, at No. 2, but nobody else: she is an acquaintance of mine: her husband and mine worked together in the same ground. The prisoner spent the evening, and had a pot of beer; he eat some cold leg of mutton; then we had another pot of beer, which my little girl ordered at the King's-Arms; and we passed the evening: by that time the clock went eleven, then he said he must go.
Who came in first, Mary Street, or the prisoner?
West came first, and went out first; and Mary Street went home to bed immediately; she was up till eleven o'clock with us.
What were you talking about all this time?
Nothing but concerning work; they were talking whether my husband would be able to get up at six next morning to go to work.
I keep the King's-Arms, in Ratcliffe-square . The prisoner was at my house on the 12th of June, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, to receive his pay. When he went away, he said he would go home. He turned on the left-hand, towards Mrs. Charlton's.
How was the prisoner dressed?
In a white waistcoat.
Had he no coat at all?
None.
How was the man dressed that lay upon you, and held your neck?
In a blue or brown jacket over some other apparel, and the other man in the same apparel, and both had round hats.
He has borne an exceeding good character in the neighbourhood.
How was the prisoner dressed when he was at your house?
In a white waistcoat.
Any thing else?
No; I believe not.
