I live in Vauxhall-place. Ann Martin was tried and convicted here last session, for stealing from me, among other things, the articles mentioned in the indictment. Ann Martin was taken up the 20th of December, or the 21st. I went with Ann Martin to Mr. Shelley's, in consequence of some information she had given of Mr. Shelley, on the 23d of December; Mrs. Eltoff and two officers belonging to the publick office, likewise went with me. A Mrs. Simpson was likewise with us, but she is not well. The two officers were Carpmeal and M'Manus. When I went in, Mr. Shelley was in the parlour, behind the shop. I said,
\"I am sorry I am come upon this disagreeable occasion; here is a woman who has robbed me, and she says she sold the property to you.\" The hand-bill, giving a list of the pieces of plate was produced. Mr. Shelley said,
\"he was going to dinner and could not be spoken with,\" and he behaved very abruptly to me.
Was the hand-bill shewn to him?
Yes; and the day was mentioned to him when the plate was bought, the 5th of October, and that he gave ten pounds fifteen shillings for it. He said
\"he had bought no such plate.\" I mentioned every article to him. I desired him
\"to look over his books as I thought it was customary to make minutes of what they bought.\" He replied,
\"Yes, you who buy things but once a year might make minutes of it.\" He was so angry at my coming he was almost ready to push me out at the door. I went back to Justice Fielding's and begged, if it was not too late, they would grant a search warrant,
but it being Saturday night, it was past the time. The day after Christmas day, the Tuesday, a search warrant was granted. My brother and I, with the officers Carpmeal and M'Manus, who\\ executed\\ the\\ search-warrant, went to Mr. Shelley's, they said
Did Mr. Shelley say any thing in particular?
Nothing particular that I recollect; indeed I was so hurried that I could not be very particular in what he did say. My brother looked round the shop and said,
\"Madam, I believe that is your strainer.\" It hung at the end of the counter, on the right-hand at the corner.
Was it among the other articles of plate that were there exposed to sale?
I could not see that. I did not see any other strainer or any thing but that. In that place there were candlesticks; it was at the very top of the show-glass. One of Mr. Shelley's shop-men got upon the counter and reached it down,
You looked at it?
I did.
Did you know it?
Yes, I know it to be my husband's or mine.
Was there any crest, arms, or cypher?
There was no name or arms upon it, but I knew it by a remarkable bruise on one side of the strainer on the bottom.
Had you observed that bruise particularly before you lost the strainer?
Many years.
From that mark were you able to be certain it was your strainer?
I was.
Are you now certain that the strainer which was found there was your property?
I know it to be so; it was one of the pieces of plate which was stolen from me by Ann Martin .
Were there any other of those things found in the prisoner's shop?
There was not.
What did Shelley say after that?
He refused to let the officers take it away at first, but they said they must have it, then he suffered it to be taken away to the office. Mr. Shelley said, \"It did not belong to me, and he would bring people, or could bring somebody to prove it, and he did me be careful of what I said.\" Then we went to Sir John Fielding 's. In the evening of the same Tuesday Mr. Shelley came to Justice Fielding's office. The justices told Mr. Shelley he did not do right in not owning to the purchase of the plate, and he said he would have granted a search-warrant on the Saturday had it not been too late. Ann Martin and Mr. Shelley were both at the bar, and the girl said
Was that in the presence of Mr. Shelley?
Yes.
Whatever Ann Martin said in the presence of Mr. Shelley, you may relate?
She told Mr. Shelley,
\"he was himself the person she sold the plate to; that he came down in the morning rather before nine o'clock, on the 5th of October, in a morning gown, and weighed the plate, and paid her ten pounds fifteen shillings for it; that it was the first shop that was opened.\" She said she told him,
\"that she did not understand the value of plate, but begged he would give her the value of it; that as she was going out she said, Sir, you gave me nothing for the glasses. She said he replied to her, he could not give her any thing for the glasses, for when they sold the salts they must give away the glasses.\"	"a
When Mr. Shelley heard Ann Martin say what you have now related, did he make any answer to that?
He said,
\"His shop-man bought the plate.\" He brought a narrow book under his arm, and said, \"his man had made minutes of it but he did not know it before.\" He looked in the book and said, \"there were minutes of ten pounds fifteen given for this plate.\"	"a
This was the sum you mentioned to him before at his shop?
Yes.
Did he then pretend to look at this book?
No; he would not look at the book, although I asked him to do so.
There was some mark on your plate?
Some of it was marked with a cypher I S.
What value would you yourself have set upon the plate you have lost?
I cannot pretend to tell the value; I did not buy any of it.
You have never seen any of the plate since but the strainer?
No.
When you described this strainer at the justice's, I suppose he asked you what marks there were upon it?
It was particularly described in the hand-bills which were printed the day the things were stolen. I told him,
\"There was a very singular mark on it, by which I should know it from any others;\" it had had a violent bruise which had raised the reverse side. There are some holes made with something sharp pointed.
Did you mention that mark particularly to Mr. Shelley?
I did not; I told him
\"there was a mark I should know it by.\"	"a
I presume there was no great politeness or civility passed between you and the prisoner at the bar, when you went to his shop on the Saturday, and apprised him that he was suspected of being the person to whom stolen goods had been sold?
I did not tell him any such thing.
The gentleman at the bar being apprised of your suspicions on the Saturday, you come to his shop on the Tuesday and there you found this strainer in a show-glass in the shop?
Yes; he was apprised of it before Saturday, for I had sent before, but he was not in the way.
You say that the justice himself seemed angry?
So he was; he thought it not just I suppose.
And that minutes were taken in a book of it by that shopman, and the book was produced?
He had the book in his own hand.
Was he asked by the magistrates or any person to shew the book?
I do not recollect that he was.
You have no reason to suppose that he would not have shewn the book if he was asked?
I should suppose not.
Whether I did not say I had got the books there and wished Justice Addington to look at them?
I do not recollect that.
Do you recollect where you bought the strainer?
My husband bought it.
The girl said she knew the strainer; she came to you on the 4th, and left you on the morning of the 5th and then she sold these goods?
Yes.
\"No, sir, you are the person that bought it,\" - I do not recollect that he made any answer to that.
After she said, sir, it was you that bought it, the justice said it was odd he should buy the plate so early?
Mr. Shelley replied,
\"sir, if you was at such a rent as I am would not you do the same,\" or to that effect.
What time did you find the strainer in the shop?
About three o'clock; we went immediately to the office, but the justices were off the bench.
When this strainer was found in the shop, did he or the shopman look at it?
I do not recollect whether he did or not; the man took the strainer down; the prisoner said
\"it was not mine.\"	"a
When he said that, did he himself look at the strainer?
To the best of my knowledge and recollection he did not.
Repeat what it was Shelley said to the justice about standing at a high rent?
When Justice Addington said \"was it proper to buy such plate at that time in the morning and of a servant maid,\" the girl (Harris) said to Mr. Shelley,
\"your's was the first shop that was open; you came down in your morning gown and purchased the plate;\" Mr. Shelley made answer
Your husband bought this and he is not in England?
No; he is an officer in America.
Harris was a decent looking servant?
A very decent looking servant; she came in a check apron and stuff gown.
Did Ann Martin in the presence of Mr. Shelley say what plate she had sold to him? -
\"She said all the plate she robbed me of.\"	"a
Did she say so?
She did indeed.
Can you form a judgement of the value of the plate?
I cannot; I beg to be excused doing that.
Do you know the first cost of any of the articles?
I had a bill of parcels of some of it, which was bought in the Strand.
You said there was a mark upon it which you took to be the maker's name?
Yes; it is either W. P. or W. D.
I am brother to Mrs. Steward's husband. I went with my sister and the officers with the search warrant to Mr. Shelley's house on the Tuesday. We looked round, and on the right hand side of the shop I observed a strainer hanging; I believe it was not in a show glass, it was hanging up with some other things. It was at the farther end of the right hand counter.
Does the show glass go all the length of that side of the shop or not?
I do not recollect; I do not believe there was any glass at that part of the shop. I said, sister, there is a strainer something like your's; I desired one of Mr. Shelley's men to reach it down, which he did and my sister looked at it. I had often made use of it at my brother's, and had observed that particular mark upon it; as soon as I had looked at it I was certain it was that which my brother had lost.
Look at it now?
I am certain to it. As soon as the strainer was given to one of the officers we returned to Bow-street. When my sister claimed the strainer as her's, he said
\"he could bring proof he had had it in his shop many months.\" The justices were gone from the office, so we met there at six in the evening; then the strainer was produced; Ann Harris said
Did she say who she had sold it to at Mr. Shelley's shop?
Not at that time.
Did she describe to Mr. Shelley the dress he was in when she sold it to him?
Not at that time; that was, as I understood, when I was not there. When they were brought in gether the justice asked Ann Martin if she did not sell the strainer to Mr. Shelley with the rest of the plate? She said she did.
Did she say any thing more particular?
No!
Did Shelley make any reply?
I did not hear Mr. Shelley say any thing about it.
Should you have heard it if he had said any thing about it?
I do not know whether I should or not, there was such a noise in the court.
Which was nearest to Shelley and the other prisoner, you or Mrs. Steward?
We were both at some distance; we were upon the bench and they were below.
Steward and you were together?
Yes.
Did you see any book produced?
None at that time. On the Tuesday noon when the woman came up at twelve o'clock he brought a book with him to the office; that was before the search warrant was granted. The justice asked Mr. Shelley if he bought such plate on such a day? he said he had brought a book where in he had minuted that he bought some plate; but he did not recollect it at the time. Ann Martin said
Did she say say any thing about his dress?
Not that I heard.
Did she say for what sum?
She mentioned the sum to him on the Saturday night, I do not recollect that she mentioned it again on the Tuesday.
What did Shelley say at that time?
He said that
Was that the first answer he made that you heard, when she said she had sold the plate to him?
That was the first answer of Shelley that I heard.
Did he at any time in your hearing say any thing about his shopman?
No.
You was I believe likewise robbed by this
Harris?
I was; I went with Mrs. Steward to Mr. Shelley's house on the Saturday, on the same errand; but it did not prove to be the same shop where my plate was sold.
You did not I believe know Mrs. Steward before?
No; I never had the pleasure of seeing her.
Who was with you?
Mr. Steward, Mrs. Simpson, Mrs. Steward, and myself, and two of the officers of Bow-street; Mrs. Steward went into the shop with Harris and desired to look for the plate that belonged to her; the officer and Mrs. Stewart described the plate, Mr. Shelley looked at Harris and said
\"he knew nothing of any such plate.\" The officers read the hand bill to him afresh and said they had been there before; Mrs. Steward told him \"she was come afresh along with the officers of Bow-street to look for that plate, and begged if he had it that he would own it; for the person present insisted she had sold it at his shop.\" She then insisted on that very confidently; the prisoner Harris said \"he was the gentleman that bought the plate of her; that she sold it there in the morning as soon as she could get to his shop; his shop being the first she saw open.\" Mr. Shelley said \"he knew nothing of it,\" and he behaved very impertinently to Mrs. Steward. Harris then said \"when she came to the shop there was only one of his servants in it; she offered the plate for sale; he bid her stop and he would call his master up; that she stopped, Mr. Shelley got up and came down in his morning gown; that Mr. Shelley took the plate of her and weighed it, and paid her ten pounds fifteen shillings for it.\" Mr. Shelley said \"he did not recollect any thing of it and he did not choose to be disturbed at that time.\" Martin or Harris afterwards said
\"Sir, if you will recollect when I was going out of the shop I turned back again and said I am a stranger to the value of plate; I hope you have paid me the full price.\" Mr. Shelley said
\"he knew nothing at all of it, he could not recollect one circumstance of it; and he could not be kept from his dinner.\" He told Mrs. Steward again
\"it was a very improper time to come.\" Harris said I told you
\"I had received nothing for the glass? and you said I shall not get a penny by the glass when I sell the salts, and therefore I cannot give any thing for them.\"	"a
Did he say any thing in answer to that?
No; there were some words between Mr. Shelley and Mrs. Steward about her coming; it was an improper time. I thought at first he would have pushed her out of the shop; then we went to Justice Addington.
Now give an account of what passed when you went before the justice with Mrs. Steward, and Mr. Shelley was present?
He came to Bow-street on the Tuesday afternoon; a warrant was granted to search Mr. Shelley's house. I did not go to Mr. Shelley's then; I was attending the office on my own affair; when I saw Mrs. Steward again they brought a punch strainer which was produced at the office. Mrs. Steward and Mr. Steward both swore the strainer was Mrs. Steward's. Mr. Shelley desired Mrs. Steward
\"not to take a false oath, nor to say too much for he could bring a person who had lived with him who would prove he had had it in his possession eight months.\" The justices desired Ann Martin to give an account how she sold that plate to Mr. Shelley, which Ann Martin did. After she had told the justice that Mr. Shelley was the person that bought the plate of her; she said, \"the reason why she was so particular to Mr. Shelley's person was, he had something of a cast in his eye that she particularized at the time he bought the plate, which she said she could have sworn to.\"	"a
Has he a cast in his eye?
Mr. Shelley has a cast with his eye.
Is it such a one as you should know him again?
I should know Mr. Shelley. Mr. Shelley then said,
\"Pray what did I give you for the plate; did I give you ten pounds thirteen?\" She said
\"No, you gave me ten pounds fifteen; and I sold all the plate to you.\" Justice Addington said, you have it posted I dare say, your have your books;
\"yes,\" he said,
\"it was under his arm; but he thought it was ten pounds thirteen when he spoke to the prisoner in that manner.\" He opened his book but I am not clear whether the book was searched or not; he himself I think looked into it; he said \"he bought
goods at a very fair price.\" A very warm altercation ensued between the justice and Mr. Shelley.
Do you recollect any particular expressions Mr. Shelley made use of?
Mr. Shelley told the Justice that
\"I do not think you do right when you buy silver of people of this cast; for buying such a quantity of plate so early in the morning of a person so dressed, you should have had some suspicions, and enquired who you bought it of; and that when he bought silver to melt, he should not buy plate which was modern and not fit to be melted down.\" Mr. Shelley said
\"if you was to follow my trade, and live as I do, you would act just in the same manner.\" Mrs. Steward was bound over by the justice, and Mr. Shelley fetched bail.
The altercation between Mr. Shelley and the Justice was pretty warm?
I thought pretty warm, but warmer on Mr. Shelley's side than on the Justice's; rather bordering, I thought, upon rudeness to a Justice of Peace.
Therefore it was the Justice soon after this bound Mrs. Steward over to prosecute?
I did not think it was from any resentment, but I think he acted right.
You was at the Justice's when Mr. Shelley was brought there?
I was there on the Tuesday; he came pursuant to an order the Justice had sent to him.
That was before the search warrant was issued?
Before; and I was there too in the afternoon, after the execution of the search warrant. The first time I saw him there he was examined in the presence of Ann Martin , in regard to the plate, he said
\"you did buy it of me and you gave me ten pounds fifteen shillings.\" Mr. Shelley said
\"he had no such plate.\" Mr. Addington asked him very particularly about it; he said
\"examine your books;\" Mr. Shelley or his man I cannot tell which it was, had a book in their hands; they opened it, but did not shew it to any person. When he persisted in it that he had not bought the plate, Mr. Addington said,
\"well we will search his house.\"	"a
Did Mr. Shelley after he opened and looked in that book, persist in it that he had no such plate?
He did; then the search warrant was granted; I think it must be between two and three o'clock.
Do you know how it happened when the book was produced, and Mr. Shelley still denied knowing any thing of the plate, that the Justice did not have the book inspected?
I thought it odd, but he did not. I was there when Mr. Shelley came in in the evening, which was I bel ieve about seven o'clock. The officer produced a silver strainer which Mrs. Steward identified. Mr. Shelley said
\"it was not Mrs. Steward's.\" He was then asked \"if he had no such plate as was described in his book?\" He then changed his note and said to Martin,
\"aye, but you told me it was ten pounds thirteen and not ten pounds fifteen.\" She replied \" no I never did say so; I told you and every body else that I told it to, that I sold it for ten pounds fifteen shillings, and ten pounds fifteen shillings you paid me for it.\" Mr. Shelley said
\"how can you say that is the strainer?\" She replied,
\"I sold you the strainer with the rest, or with all the plate;\" or to that effect.
Did she say she had sold him a strainer with the rest of the plate, or that strainer?
I am sure she said that strainer; then Mr. Addington called upon Mrs. Steward to identify it upon oath; then Mr. Shelley broke out rather into a passion and said
\"take care, madam, what you say and what you swear;\" he repeated it twice over;
\"for I have a man who has lived with me and has cleaned this piece of plate, and knows I have had it in my possession for eight or nine months;\" he said
You was the person who produced this strainer?
I did; it has been in my custody ever since it came from Mr. Shelley's shop.
You attended at Mr. Shelley's when this strainer was taken?
Yes; but I took Ann Martin there before the search warrant was granted; I shewed the hand-bill to Mr. Shelley, and he read it. That was on the day Ann Martin was taken up.
Do you know of hand-bills being sent round to the silversmiths?
I went with them. (The hand-bill which described the several pieces of plate particularly was read) . I took Ann Martin to the shop; Mr. Shelley was in the shop as we entered the shop. She looked round and said
Was Mr. Shelley within hearing of this?
He was not a yard from her when she said it. I asked him
\"whether he had ever seen that woman before?\" He said \"no not to his knowledge.\"	"a
Had Ann Martin then on the same dress that is described in the hand-bill?
She had on the cloak and every thing as described in the bill.
Was the description of the hand-bill a true description of the dress in which Ann Martin left your house?
I believe so; it was a description given by me.
When I asked Mr. Shelley
\"if he remembered buying any plate of her?\" He said
\"no, he never remembered seeing her before.\" I then took out the handbill and gave it to him; he read it and said
\"he had never bought any thing of that sort.\" We then came out of the shop; I said to Ann Martin , you must certainly be mistaken; from what she said I went in again; I said
\"Mr. Shelley be particular, she says she is sure that this is the shop where she sold it.\" He replied,
\"he was sure he had never bought any of her.\" I asked him,
\"if he did not generally book things he bought of that kind?
\"He said
\"yes always; and for further satisfaction he would look.\" He took the book and looked; I told him
\"it was the same day the 5th which was described in the bill?
\"He looked in two books; one was a longish book the other a broad one; he said
\"there was no such thing in his books, and he had never bought any thing of the kind.\" I asked the girl what she received for the plate? She said \"ten pounds fifteen shillings; and that gentleman (Mr. Shelley) paid her; that when he bought it he had his morning gown on, and she knew him by the cast in his eye.\" We then went out of the shop; I served a summons for Mr. Shelley's appearance on the Tuesday noon; he came to the office and brought his book with him, and his man came along with him; the girl again repeated what she had said before. He then looked at his book and said
\"He found he had bought such things, but the girl did not tell him ten pounds fifteen shillings, but ten pounds thirteen shillings.\" The Justice blamed him and said
\"he ought not to hide such a thing as that; and if it had not been so late on the Saturday night, he would have granted a search warrant then.\" The Justice immediately granted a search warrant, and Mr. Shelley was not permitted to go out till we went. At the farther end on the right hand side of those show glasses hung this strainer; When Mrs. Steward claimed the strainer, Mr. Shelley said,
\"take care madam, take care, what you say; this strainer I can prove to be my property; I have got a man that can prove it to have been my property these eight or nine months.\" I was before the Justice in the evening at six o'clock; the strainer was then produced; Mr. Shelley and Ann Martin were present. Ann Martin said
\"that was the strainer she sold Mr. Shelley.\" When Mrs. Steward swore to the strainer, Mr. Shelley said several times,
\"take care, madam what you say; take care what you swear;\" which intimidated Mrs. Steward much.
The hand-bills are dated the 5th of October; do you know when they were delivered out?
I am not certain whether they were delivered out that night or the next morning; they are delivered to silversmiths and pawnbrokers.
Who delivered them?
There are three men belonging to the office that always deliver them; one is Morant, another is Laber, the other Halliburton.
Did Ann Martin tell you in the shop when
you was there the first time, that Shelley was the man to whom she had sold the plate?
Yes.
What made you go out of the shop then?
Because he denied it.
Then the first time you went to this shop you gave Shelley the hand-bill?
I did.
And he read it?
He did.
This was on the Saturday?
No; Thursday the 21st I think it was.
How long was it till the search warrant was executed?
On the Tuesday.
So\\ not\\ withstanding this hand-bill described a strainer, and Mr. Shelley was informed of it; yet this strainer remained in his shop till the Tuesday?
Yes.
Did you continue at the justice's during all the examination?
I do not know that I did.
Was you witness to any of the subsequent behaviour between Mr. Shelley and Mr. Addington?
No further than Mr. Addington,
I was servant to Mrs. Steward. I have lived with her two years; I used to clean the plate.
Should you be able to know the strainer that was there?
Yes I should. There is a particular mark I should know it by.
Describe it before you see it?
There are three particular marks. There is a dent between three holes; if you hold it in your right-hand it is rather to the right side of the strainer.
Look at this strainer?
This is it.
Are you sure that is the strainer you used to clean at your mistress's?
I am very certain it is the strainer.
Do you live now with Mrs. Steward?
No, I left her because I married; I live now in New George-street, near Blackfriars. It is about three years since I lived with Mrs. Steward.
Have you visited Mrs. Steward since that time?
I have been there several times.
Did you ever tell Mrs. Steward in the course of your abode with her, that you had observed this bruise?
No, but I know it by the mark.
How came it you appeared here this day?
Mrs. Steward and her brother came to me; she told me what she had lost, and asked me if I should know the strainer? I told her
\"I should if I saw it, by a particular mark.\" The mark I have now mentioned.
Had you seen the strainer before you came into court to-day?
No, I had not seen it for about three years before. I saw it now in court.
You was a servant likewise to Mrs. Steward?
Yes, I lived with her about a year and a half. I have left the place about a twelvemonth. I had the care of the plate when I was her servant.
Do you recollect the strainer which was lost?
I should know the strainer by three marks like dots of ink. for I have particularly tried to get those spots out. I have generally cleaned it with wet whiting and then put it by the fire, but I never could get these spots out.
Have you the least doubt about this being the identical strainer?
Not the least.
Where do you live?
At Vauxhall.
A married woman or single?
Single.
Are you in service?
No.
When did you see Mrs. Steward last before you saw her here?
I did not see Mrs. Steward till the fast-day.
It is a twelve month since you have had any possibility of seeing the punch strainer in her house?
Or rather better, Mr. Steward came and said he should be glad to speak to me; he told me of the circumstance of Mrs. Steward having been robbed. I said I knew the strainer and the punch-ladle. I said if I came I should speak what I knew, and that was in regard to these spots; I told him I knew it by three spots, because I have taken pains to endeavour to get them out.
Were you frequently at your brother's house?
Yes.
Have you often had an opportunity of seeing and knowing all or any of the other articles
which are mentioned in this indictment?
Yes.
Are you any judge of the matter so as to form any opinion with respect to the value of these articles to be sold as second-hand plate?
I think they could not be of less value than fourteen or fifteen pounds.
What do you think was the value of the silver mug, if sold as old plate?
Three guineas.
What do you conceive the four silver salt-cellars to be worth?
Three guineas.
What might the soup-ladle be worth?
A guinea.
What the punch-ladle?
Half a guinea?
What sort of table-spoons were they?
They might be worth about half a guinea a piece.
The tea-spoons what might they be worth?
About five shillings.
The four ladles for the salts?
Five shillings.
What the strainer?
One guinea.
You certainly have not over valued them in your evidence.
I have nothing particular to say, I only want my witnesses to be examined.
You live with Mr. Shelley in the Srand?
Yes.
Do you keep a book in which you minute down occurrences of the day, as far as relates to your trade?
I keep one in which I insert the goods which are sold; in another the goods which are bought.
Have you in your book an entry of any things bought on the 5th of October?
I have an entry of ten pounds fifteen shillings paid for old plate.
This entry was made at the time?
I always make an entry of that sort when I pay the money to the persons who sell the goods.
You made it?
There is no other person but me who keeps the books in that house.
What is the other book you are looking at?
It is sort of waste book we use in casting up. We set down the questions we ask, and the people's names and directions.
Is there any entry in that book as a reference to the entry in the other of the 5th of October?
Yes, here it is:
Does this entry lead you to a recollection of the person who came with this plate to you?
I remember a person came that day to sell the plate which is recorded there; I weighed it and cast it up.
Look at that entry and tell me whether it is your hand-writing?
I wrote this myself the morning I bought the plate. I asked a question, and that is the answer, and memorandum of the weight, &c. which I received of the person I bought it of.
Do you recollect what articles this plate consisted of?
I have not the least idea of the particulars.
There are but two articles entered that day, and this is the first?
Then I should rather suppose it was bought in the fore part of the day. I do not immediately recollect the time.
Did you ask her any questions about this plate?
I did, and do almost to every person I by any thing of. I weighed it; it weighed forty-three ounces. Mr. Shelley was, I believe, at that time in the parlour. In transactions where it amounts to eight or nine guineas, or so, if Mr. Shelley is in the way, I always wish to have his opinion. I recollect Mr. Shelley came into the shop, whether I sent for him or no I cannot tell. He asked this person a great number of questions. I remember he asked her
\"how she came by that plate?\" She said, \"It was willed to her by an uncle who was lately deceased.\" Mr. Shelley took up an article and held it away from her and said,
\"pray, madam, what might your uncle's name be?\" She told him a name. I do not particularly remember the name. He said,
\"The letters upon the article do not immediately concur to the name you mention.\" She said,
\"My uncle frequently purchased articles of plate at sales.\" She then said,
\"I am a servant to Mr. Carrington Bowles, in St. Paul's
Church-yard, and if you have any doubt about the plate, you may let it be here and send a servant to enquire.\" I thought Mr. Shelley was too severe upon her, because she appeared a very genteel young woman. Mr. Shelley said,
\"Pray, madam, why do you part with this plate?\" She said, \"The money it will fetch will be of much more service to me than the plate.\" She was a very decent well-looking woman. From the description in the hand bill I had no reason to think she was the woman. From the recollection I have of the person who sold the plate, it was a middle sized, round faced woman, and inclinable to be pretty. She behaved very politely in the shop. She gave Mr. Shelley several answers which seemed to satisfy him. He said, What does it come to? I said, ten pounds fifteen shillings. I unlocked the till and believe I paid her for it, as I usually do in those cases.
When she came with this plate you weighed it, and there were so many ounces?
Yes. I suppose Mr. Shelley does not pay once in a hundred times; where we buy once we turn away five or six times, for if people do not give a circumstantial account of themselves we tell them\" it is not convenient,\" and they go out of the shop.
Was the money given for it a fair price?
Upon my oath I verily believe, that if Mr. Shelley's life lay at stake he could not make a single halfpenny an ounce profit upon that plate. As I stood in the body of the court I observed Mrs. Steward to misrepresent this matter. To my knowledge I can contradict the major part of Mrs. Steward's evidence at the justice's and in the shop. In the first place she tells the court, she found this strainer in the very extremity of the shop; that I deny. If the jury please to send, they will find it was in the very first show-glass upon the right hand side of the shop. And I wish further to add, to the best of my knowledge, I believe it has hung there upwards of two years.
That strainer?
It is out of my power to particularise it, but from an observation I drew it was a very old-fashion thing, and was laid aside on account of that. I believe, if I was going out of the world this instant, that that strainer has hung upon the hook for two years exclusive of the time it was taken down to be cleaned.
Look at it?
It is out of my power to particularise it; we have not such another strainer in the shop, though I suppose the man that made this made twenty thousand. It is an exceeding old fashioned affair.
Was there any other strainer of that fashion in the shop that could be mistaken for that?
I do not believe there has ever been a strainer of this pattern in our shop since I have been with Mr. Shelley.
At the time of the search warrant was there then two strainers of this fashion in your shop because one was found there?
There was not, I made a very particular observation upon this strainer which I wish to inform you of. At the time Mrs. Steward challenged this strainer in Mr. Shelley's shop. I handed it down to her; she looked at it longer than any person need to look at a thing they know; and after she had carefully surveyed it round, she said
\"she knew this strainer.\" I said,
\"Why do you particularise it?\" She said,
\"There is a small bruise upon it that was done with a fork.\" I looked at it and saw a dinge; I said,
\"It appears odd to me; I know the nature of silver, if a for had been jobbed into the strainer there would have been a fracture upon the silver as well as a dinge.\" Now I observed at the time I took this strainer from her, that there was no fracture in it, now I observe there is one. There was no fracture at the time I looked at it upon my oath.
When the person, whose name you took down as being Ann Harris , came to the shop the transaction began with you?
It did.
And ended with you?
I believe it did. I think I weighed it before Mr. Shelley came into the shop.
When you went to Bow-street with Mr. Shelley did you carry the books with you?
Yes, Mr. Shelley ordered me to take the books with me; I took the books and went; Justice Addington was waiting on the bench. Somebody informed him Mr. Shelley was waiting upon him; he immediately rose out of his seat, and went round to Mrs. Steward
and said in a low voice
\"I have heard Mr. Shelley say he had never during twenty-five years been before a magistrate in his life.\" He said to Mrs. Steward
\"that Mr. Shelley had been before him before.\" I said to Mr. Shelley,
\"Sir, he says you have been before him before?\" Mr. Shelley said
\"I deny it.\" Justice Addington seemed in a situation that most people do when detected in telling a falsehood; he rose up and said
\"Madam I will do you all the justice that lies in my power.\"	"a
Were these books inspected?
They were not; I had them under my arm. Justice Addington fell into a passion and immediately granted a warrant to search Mr. Shelley's shop.
After that warrant was executed were yo u before Mr. Addington again?
I was not.
There was no question asked you whether there was or not an entry in the book?
No; I said to Mr. Shelley
\"I believe there is no necessity for me to stay longer;\" he said
\"you may as well stay, these men are going to search my house; it will be as well if they go and search my house before I go home;\" and we walked slowly on the opposite side of the way and saw them enter the house before us.
You put it down Ann Harris, servant to Mr. Bowles, in St. Paul's Church-yard; did not you think it odd to buy it of a servant?
Not at all; it did not appear impossible that that servant might be possessed of that plate after the story she told me.
Did it not strike you as extraordinary her coming from St. Paul's Church-yard to the farther end of the Strand?
I suppose people would carry things where they think they can get the most for them.
Do you advertise to give the most for plate?
No.
Do you not think there are other shops as reputable as Mr. Shelley's between St. Paul's Church-yard and your shop?
Yes; but she might have carried it to other shops before for what I know.
What coloured gown was she dressed in?
I did not take particular notice of her dress.
You took month notice of her face?
I do not know but I might.
When you was before the magistrate did you recollect it then?
Just the same as I do now.
Shelley told the same story then as he does now?
I was only there once, and instead of Mr. Addington's enquiring into the matter he flew into a violent passion and boasted of his justice.
Did he not hear the charge against him?
There was no charge against him in my hearing.
When the strainer was seised did not you go before the justice to prove your property?
No.
How came you not to go in the afternoon again to clear your master?
I had some business in the city then. In the evening Mr. Shelley went to Bow-street. The porter took the books to him and I minded the shop.
Did you attend that hearing?
I did not. I believe Mr. Shelley looked upon it that there was no occasion; he rested satisfied that the uprightness of his conduct and his character would satisfy Justice Addington of his uprightness in the transaction.
When they were first charged in this matter did Mr. Shelley tell the story as you do now?
I do not particularly recollect.
When the woman came into the house and charged him with buying the goods and giving ten pounds fifteen shillings for them, did he then say he had bought the plate?
I was not at home at that time which I am very sorry for; for I dare say it would have prevented all this disagreeable business.
Was you present at any time when this woman that sold the plate to your master accused him of having bought it, and described his person?
At the time I saw Mrs. Steward, one of Sir John's men, and the person I supposed to be the thief, she did not accuse Mr. Shelley of any such thing. Mrs. Steward came in and appeared exceedingly warm.
Do you mean to swear that Harris did not come into the shop at the time when the officers and Mrs. Steward came?
I cannot particularly recollect; I cannot say she did
not; she might come into the shop, but I can swear she never challenged Mr. Shelley with buying the plate. She said to Mr. Steward, \"I believe this is the shop.\"	"a
What day was that?
On the Tuesday morning.
Do you remember Mrs. Eltoff there too?
I remember seeing her at the office, and I believe in the shop; but I cannot be certain whether she was in the shop or not. I was only present the day the search warrant was granted how many times the lady might have applied before I cannot say.
At that time Harris was not there?
I saw a person near the door, I cannot particularly say whether she was in the shop or not; but a person said to Mrs. Steward \"this is the house?\" Mrs. Steward said, \"Is not this a burning shame that you should buy plate to the value of thirty pounds for ten pounds fifteen shillings.\" Mr. Shelley said he had all the reason in the world to believe that she was wrong, and begged not to be troubled at dinner time; and he went into the parlour.
Then you don't recollect Harris's saying
\"this is the person I sold it to; and I am sure it is you?\" - Upon my oath she never challenged Mr. Shelley in any such manner; I never heard any such accusation; I do not believe she ever did.
Not at the time when the search warrant was there?
She did not come when the search warrant was granted; it was before it was granted. I remember seeing a person outside of the door, who told Mrs. Steward she believed that was the house.
Will you swear she was not in the shop?
I will not undertake to swear it.
Why, to see a vulgar maid servant with two ladies is very remarkable?
My chief attention was to be informed of this matter by Mrs. Steward; I begged information of her.
Did you hear the hand-bill from the office read to him?
I will be upon my oath there was no paper produced nor read at that time.
When did you see the paper first?
In the court just now.
You do not remember it before?
I never saw it before; I was there all the time and no such thing was produced or read on the Tuesday.
Do you know the man you bought that strainer of?
I believe it was in Mr. Shelley's house before I entered his service.
What became of all this plate that you bought?
It might be given to the workmen in lieu of new silver; that is the way we generally dispose of old plate.
You see there were silver spoons and silver salt-sellars; they were not perhaps very old fashioned?
I do not recollect the fashion of them.
Table-spoons I believe are sold second hand at most silversmiths' shops?
The sooner old fashioned table-spoons are in the melting pot the better for the purchaser; it is like locking up money and throwing the key away. When our workmen apply to us for metal, we give it them if we have it; if not we give them cash. I look upon it more a transaction of mine than Mr. Shelley's.
Is five shillings an ounce the usual price for old silver?
Upon my honour -
You are upon your oath?
If Mr. Shelley's life lay at stake I do not believe he could make a half penny an ounce profit.
My question is, is it the common and usual price for old silver?
In some respects it is, in some not; the market for silver rises and falls the same as corn and other trades; sometimes we can afford to give five shillings and a penny; sometimes five shillings and two-pence, sometimes five shillings and four-pence; and sometimes five shillings and ten-pence. Five shillings an ounce is a fair price for old silver.
Is it not very common in your business to buy articles of plate and sell them in the form in which they are as second-hand plate without melting them down?
It is very common where they are serviceable.
Then you do not of course melt down all that you buy of old plate?
No.
When you sell it as second-hand plate do you sell it at 5 s. an ounce?
Very seldom; we sell it for more, if we can get it.
Do you ever?
I do not remember an instance immediately.
Do you not if it is tolerable fashionable sell it at six shillings, and up as high as seven shillings an ounce?
Very seldom; that depends entirely upon what articles they are, there are a great number of articles though old fashioned, are very expensive in the making.
Do you never sell old plate as high as seven shillings or higher?
It is very uncommon.
As high as six shillings and six-pence?
Yes; very commonly.
Did you take particular notice of the articles that were contained in the plate that was sold you by the girl?
I did not.
Can you take upon yourself to say that none of these articles were fit to be sold as second-hand plate?
I cannot; I can swear they were all fit to be sold as second-hand plate.
You never sell any second-hand plate so low as five shillings?
I never did.
Did you ever know any other person?
I have heard of such things; but old candlesticks weighing forty or fifty ounces are only fit to melt.
But did you ever know it in such articles as these?
No.
Then how came you to say that if Mr. Shelley's life was at stake he could not make an halfpenny an ounce profit upon this plate?
It makes a particular difference where a man has it in his power and don't mind laying out of his money to keep the plate in his shop, and wait the chance of a customer.
What could induce you or Mr. Shelley to buy the plate if you could get nothing by it?
Sometimes silver gets as high as five shillings and four-pence, five shillings and sixpence, and even five shillings and ten-pence an ounce; then a man who has old silver has an opportunity to give his workman old silver, and pay him for the making.
Then at the general price even of old silver he could make a great deal of profit more than an halfpenny an ounce?
I think five shillings an ounce as much as any trader ought to allow for old silver.
But is it as much as he could make of it?
No.
Then how came you to say just now, that if his life was at stake he could not make an halfpenny an ounce profit upon this plate; you now say that old plate is frequently up to five shillings and fourpence, sometimes five shillings and tenpence; that second hand plate is never sold so low as five shillings, and that all these articles were fit to be sold as second-hand plate?
Where a man sells a single article to a customer, he deserves twopence or threepence an ounce profit for his trouble.
You say you was present when the person who was in custody for robbing Mrs. Steward came to Mr. Shelley's shop?
Yes, that was on Tuesday.
You say you was not at home when they came before on the Saturday?
I was not.
You said you remembered your master telling her, that she was mistaken when she charged him about the plate and not to disturb him at dinner-time; do you recollect any thing of that?
I do.
Then you were at home when that passed?
I was.
You saw the prisoner then who was in custody?
I saw a woman, a mean looking creature, outside the door.
And saw her again at the office?
I did.
Was that the same person who sold you the plate?
Upon my word I do believe it was not, from the knowledge I have of the person's face who sold the plate.
Then you do not believe that the Ann Harris who was convicted of robbing Mr. Steward, was the same Ann Harris who sold you the plate?
I do not; she appeared in a very different light.
But you were at home when the conversation passed about not disturbing your master at dinner?
Yes, that was I think on Tuesday.
Recollect yourself, four if not five witnesses have sworn that conversation passed on Saturday; you was at home at that time?
I was. I think it was Tuesday. If I am not much mistaken it was the day the search warrant was granted. Mr. Shelley said, \"I verily believe the plate you enquire for was never in my shop; I am going to dinner, I beg your pardon, I hope you will excuse me, my
dinner is waiting for me;\" or to that purpose.
The books had been carried before the search-warrant was granted, and you had found an entry which you supposed corresponded with the plate enquired after?
I had told Mr. Shelley of it.
What, is this a kind of waste-book?
Yes, and to take down directions of person's place of abode.
Can you shew any entry like this in the whole book?
No.
Tell me how this leaf upon which this is written happens to be sewn in with green thread, whereas all the rest of the book is sewed in with white thread?
There are five or six leaves sewed with green thread.
That book was not originally sewed with that green thread?
I do not know.
The book is to enter the occurrences of the day in?
We do every thing which happens, put a rough sketch of it into that book.
And from thence I suppose you transcribe whatever is worth preserving into your books?
Yes, into the journals.
Such a book as this must be regular as to dates because you go on from day to day; the memorandums of the 5th must naturally follow those made the 4th, and so on?
Yes.
Is this book now as written at first, or has there been any addition to it?
I believe not.
How came it to be altered?
It was not large enough, I wrote it through and then put some more paper into it. There are about eight, ten, or twelve pages of it sewed in afresh.
In that which I suppose to be part of the old book there is an article the 29th of August, 1780, Lent Cooper, of Knightbridge, four table spoons; at the distance of four pages after this comes the 11th July, cash 11 l. 19 s. - Yes.
How happens that?
That was probably the cash I had in the till.
Four leaves back you were making memorandums in the month of August, how came you when you got four leaves farther to make a memorandum dated the 11th of July?
I cannot account for that; I recollect the fact of lending the spoons.
Who entered this article of Ann Harris ?
Myself.
Did you enter any thing else that day?
I cannot recollect.
Do you make these memorandums as things happen in the shop?
Every thing that is recorded there is business done in the shop.
There is no day I suppose in which there is only one transaction in your shop?
No, there is not.
There was but one entry of any transaction in this shop on Tuesday?
I do not see there is.
And but one for Wednesday, and one for Thursday, and yet just now you said you made a minute of all the transactions which happened in your shop, and at the time that they happened?
Not particularly in that book.
What other book have you?
A day book where we set down what we sell every day.
What book have you which corresponds with this?
A journal.
That you make up afterwards?
Yes.
What do you make entries in at the time but this book?
None.
Then how happens it there should be but one transaction entered each day for these three days?
Things might happen that were not worth recording.
To several articles previous to this time you have stated regularly the day not only of the week but sometimes of the month. Saturday the 30th, but one article there; the next article begins Monday, there are three articles. Then comes Tuesday; but for the second article, which you say is Wednesday, there is neither day of the week nor month.
You began the transaction in your entries with stating the day of the week Monday or Tuesday, and in this case there is no stating that at first. If it is a book regularly kept, the first thing you do in the morning is, you write down the day, because the transactions of that day are to follow; in this instance it is omitted?
We never keep any regular mercantile account in that book. We have another book which we call a day-book. We enter in a regular
manner what we receive and pay in that book. There is another book we keep of what we sell; and enter in our books what credit we give.
I find every thing regular except in that part which is sewn in with green thread. There are some leaves afterwards with part torn out?
Sometimes we set down a memorandum of what a gentleman would have engraved upon his plate or seal. We had a porter who lived with us who did not stand to write it off, but would tear out the place where the direction was. I cautioned him against it. If I had the book here I now keep you would find no such irregularities in it.
How happened it you insert no name in any other place?
We generally received old plate of customers. I have received of Mr. Baron Hotham several times old silver when he purchased new, and had no necessity to set his name down in the book, I just set down the weight of it and cast it up.
I see there are a vast number of entries; do you know of any one instance where you have put down a name besides this?
I do not remember, while I have been with Mr. Shelley, a person of her denomination, a servant, selling plate. I do not believe he would then have bought it, only upon her giving such a circumstantial account of it.
Did she excite any particular curiosity at the time?
Mr. Shelley asked her a number of questions, and I do not know but Mr. Shelley might order me to make a memorandum of it. It is so long ago I do not recollect; the hand-writing is all my own.
How happens this to be written in so fine, clean, masterly a hand, all the rest is written down like a man of business?
I take a good deal of pleasure to imitate good writing.
Why not do it then on other days as well as that?
That is a memorandum.
So are the others. I see but one article in the book of plate bought, that was on the 28th of June?
All the writing in the book is not mine, much of it is gentlemen's hand-writing; this is an account of goods sent to the refiner's.
I want to understand the reason of making that addition which is sewed in with green thread?
The additions which are made in that book all succeed one another. The book originally was not of half the thickness it is now.
I have been porter to Mr. Shelley nine months. My business is to clean the articles and go of errands.
Were you in your master's shop at the time when those people came from Bow-street?
I was there the first time they came, but I went out of the shop immediately. I was in the shop when a punch-strainer was taken down.
You knew that strainer?
I did.
Had you cleaned it any times?
Several times in the course of the nine months I lived there.
For how long back do you recollect the strainer in your master's house?
I cannot tell particularly. I had cleaned it a great many times during these nine months.
Do you recollect whether it was in your master's house three or four months before December?
It certainly was.
Did you ever particularly remark the strainer?
Not particularly; there was no other second hand strainer in the shop but this.
Did you observe the marks of it?
No.
Is that the strainer as far as you know?
I believe that to be the strainer, but I never noticed the marks particularly. There is a great quantity of plate.
Can you take spots out of Plate?
If we can we do; that is according to what spots they are.
Do not you suppose that you could get spots out of plate?
Yes.
How came you not to take those spots out?
We do not take the pains with second-hand plate we do with new; when any body comes to purchase a second-hand article we endeavour to make it look as well as we can.
How came you not to take the spots out of this strainer?
I do not suppose I did.
You do not know it by any particular mark?
No; if I was to notice every mark upon the goods I should never get through my business.
This strainer has been out of your custody
some time, how do you know it to be the same?
By the pattern.
Did you recollect it when it was produced to the lady?
Not particularly.
Did you hear her describe the mark?
She said it was her's after she had had it in her hand some time; she said there was something like the prick of a fork that she knew it by.
Was the shopman there?
He was; I believe he reached it down.
Did you swear before the justice any thing about this?
I was never asked a question there. I went with the books. I did not stop there two minutes. My master sent me out upon another message.
I lived as porter with Mr. Shelley twelve months. I came away from him on the 5th of last May. It was my business when I was there to clean the plate.
Do you recollect cleaning a punch strainer there?
Very well.
Should you know the pattern of it?
Very well.
Did it ever strike you as containing any particular mark?
No; only a bit of a blemish in the bottom of it.
Was there more than one punch strainer of that pattern in the house?
There was not.
Of what kind was the blemish?
I cannot recollect.
Have you been in court to-day?
A little while, not long.
Did you hear any person say any thing about a blemish in the bottom of this?
Yes, I have; but I have no business to say after them.
Do you think you should know the strainer if you was to see it again?
I believe I should know it if I was to see it, but I never have seen it since I left Mr. Shelley. (Looks at it) I believe I have cleaned this strainer times and times, but I would not swear to it without I was positive of it.
Then that must have been in Mr. Shelley's house near two years?
I lived with Mr. Shelley a twelvemonth; it was in the house when I went and when I came away.
There is no particular mark you say upon this strainer?
I cannot swear to any particular mark.
You have seen this strainer produced to all the witnesses?
Yes.
Then you know the question is whether this strainer belonged to your master or not?
I believe, I am almost positive I have cleaned it several times.
And there were not two of the kind in the house?
No.
The first application made to me was the Thursday or Friday before Christmas day; Harris then had her doubts whether it was the shop, and did not remember me at all. They went out of the shop, and came in again. I then produced the books and laid them on the counter. She led me into an error, by saying it was ten pounds thirteen shillings. I only looked down the margin, and did not see ten pounds thirteen shillings. I had not a bed-gown in the world. I never came down in a bed-gown in my life.
