On the 25th of January I lost a handkerchief and 3 s. 6 d. in monies out of a drawer in the room where I sleep.
At what time?
Between eleven and twelve at night. I was called down by my landlady, when I went up again they were gone. I took my cloak out of the drawer just before I went down; and then I saw the handkerchief and money. I left no one but the prisoner in the room.
What is the prisoner?
A hair-dresser , at Acton, I believe; he was an acquaintance of mine a great while ago, when I was a servant.
How long did you stay down stairs?
About a quarter of an hour; when I came up he was gone.
Is your room up one pair of stairs or two?
Two pair of stairs forward.
What room was you in below stairs?
In the fore room of the next house; when I returned I went to the closet to see if he was there, I thought he might be there out of fun. When I found he was not there, I immediately looked in the drawer and missed the handkerchief and money.
How came you to go and look immediately in the drawer?
Because he had served me so before, this is not the first time of his serving me so.
Were these other things in the same drawer?
Some caps; there was nothing but what was trifling. I went after him, and found him at a night house in Covent Garden, and the property was found upon him, in his great coat pocket.
Are you sure it was your own handkerchief?
Yes; there was George Stubbs upon the corner of it at full length, in Indian characters; it was my cousin's, who is gone to sea. I did not want to hurt the prisoner, he was willing to give it me back again, and make it up.
Did he acknowledge the handkerchief was your's?
Yes, he did.
The money was like other money, you could not swear to that?
I could not say any thing to the money.
Bridgeman was an acquaintance of yours?
Yes.
He frequently used to spend his time at your house?
Not frequently.
What are you?
A servant, out of place.
You lodge in Drury-lane, when you are out of place, always?
Yes.
In Shorts-Gardens?
Yes.
How long have you lived there?
Between five and six months.
Where did he pick you up?
In James-street.
Did not you meet him in the night house?
I met him at the night-house door.
He went home with you at that time of the night?
Yes.
You left him in the room though you knew he had robbed you before?
I locked the street door when I went out.
You expected to have him there all night?
He might have stayed all night if he would.
Did not you tell this gentleman you was going to meet some of your friends, the constables of St. Giles's?
No.
When you came back from the next door he was gone, and you found him at the night-house, where you had met with him before?
Yes.
And though you charged him with the robbery, he would not give up this handkerchief, he would keep it for your sake?
He would not give it up.
It was past eleven o'clock when you met with him?
Yes.
When he came up stairs you desired him, I suppose, to pull his hat and great coat off, and sit down, did not you, and bid him go to bed, when you went out?
I said there was a bed, he might go to bed if he would.
Did not he tell you he went away to the night house, because you mentioned going to the constables of St. Giles's to drink with them?
He said he thought I was gone for some constables.
He thought you was gone to get the constables to press him, do not you do such things?
No.
You never heard of any such thing in your way?
I do not.
You know there is money to be got that way?
I do not know.
You get your money then in the fair trade? How did he get out if you locked the door after you?
He said somebody let him out; I did not leave any body in the house but him, that I know of.
Do you know whether there was any one else in the house at that time?
I do not know whether there was or not.
When you came to this house, and said he had a handkerchief, and he said he had not, I believe you pointed to the great coat, and bid the constable look there?
No, I did not.
I am a constable; on the 25th of January while I was at the watch-house a watchman told me there was a man in the night-house in James-Street, who had robbed a woman of a handkerchief. I went to the night-house; I saw the prisoner there; I brought him to the watch-house; I desired him to turn his pockets inside out, to see if a handkerchief was concealed in his pockets; he pulled out two handkerchiefs which were in his under coat pocket, and said he had no other. I observed a bulk in the right-hand side of his great coat pocket, I insisted on searching it, and he then pulled out this handkerchief (producing it) which answered to the descrlption the prosecutrix had given of it; he said he did not know how that handkerchief came into his pocket.
Did he seem surprised when he found that handkerchief?
I think he was surprised; the handkerchief is very remarkable, for there is the name Stubbs stamped on the handkerchief; he said he did not know there were pockets in the great coat, that he had borrowed it of a gentleman that night.
Did the young woman claim the handkerchief when she saw it?
Yes, immediately; he still persisted in being innocent of taking it, or knowing that it was in his pocket; she also accused him of taking 3 s. 6 d. in monies. I desired him to turn the money out of his pocket, which he readily did, there was about 9 s. 2 d. he accounted for that by saying he had changed half a guinea to pay for some purl that he and his serjeant had drank together, and that was the remainder of the change.
Who first told you the man was at the night-house and had stolen the handkerchief?
One Gibson, a watchman, in James-Street; the girl had given him the information.
Did you see the girl before you went into the night-house?
I saw the girl in the passage of the night-house; she said there was a man who had robbed her of a handkerchief.
Did she give you any directions where to search for this handkerchief?
Not the least in the world upon my oath.
Had you any intimation from any one where to search for this handkerchief?
not the least in the world.
How long have you known the prosecutrix?
About nine or ten months.
What business does she follow?
I looked upon her to be a girl of the town.
She is a notorious street-walker?
Most certainly she is.
You have known her follow the business ten months?
Yes.
You know she has lived in Short's Gardens these ten months?
I hardly knew where she lived; they said she lived in St. Giles's.
When you came to the night-house she was waiting at the door for you?
Yes.
What time was this?
About one o'clock.
Who first gave you an intimation where the handkerchief was?
Nobody, I first observed the bulk; she said perhaps he had thrown the handkerchief away; he seemed quite surprised when he found the handkerchief; he seemed to have a deal of innocency about him, for that reason I locked up the girl.
Did he know before you came to the night-house that any body was coming for him?
I believe not by his behaviour.
Was he ever out of your sight before he got to the watch-house?
No, never, I told him at the watch-house it might become a serious matter, and if he had played any trick with the girl's handkerchief, he had better give it her again; as we went to the watch-house I held him by the left arm.
Might not he have put his right hand into his pocket and thrown the handkerchief away as he went to the watch-house?
He might; he had all the appearance of innocence as much as I ever saw in a man in my life, except the handkerchief being found upon him.
The constable asked me what handkerchiefs I had about me? I told him two and no more. I pulled one out of one pocket, and the other out of the other, and then sat down again; He said had I no other pockets? I said I had no waistcoat pockets, and I never put a handkerchief in my breeches pocket. She said you have forgot to search your great coat pockets, I said I did not know that I had any great coat pockets; that I had borrowed the coat of a gentleman. I felt in the pocket and found this handkerchief there; I said it was not mine, I did not know whose it was.
I am a watchmaker in Little Britain; I have known the prisoner from a child, I know him to be as honest a man as ever lived. As soon as I heard he was in trouble, I bailed him; I would have trusted him with any sum of money; he is a hair-dresser, he waits upon gentlemen at Ealing, Acton. and round about the country; I believe he is as honest as any man I ever knew.
