On the second of December I missed some scarlet woollen cloth cuttings.
How much did you miss?
I reckon a hundred weight at the least. The prisoner's son lived with me as a servant from the 8th of October till the 4th of December, and on the 22d I had a person came to enquire for some cuttings; I had deposited them all in one compter, for they are an article which are seldom called for, when I came to look into the compter, which should have been full, I found it half empty. The next day I went to the piecebroker's in Cloth Fair, to see if I could find any of these goods sold there; I enquired at several places, at last I came to Mr. Samuel Goodman 's shop; I asked him if he had bought any scarlet cloth cuttings within these two or three months; he hesitated a little, at last he said he had. I asked him if he could describe the person he bought them of; he said he could; he gave me a description, by which I knew the prisoner to be the person. I then desired to look at the goods he had bought; he shewed me a part of them. He said he bought them of the prisoner.
Did he mention the person by name?
He did not know the prisoner's name; he said he bought them of a person, whom he so described that I knew him to be the prisoner. He said he was a tall man, in a lightish-coloured coat, and had black hair. I asked him if he should know the man again in case he saw him; he said he should. I then got a warrant to apprehend both the prisoner and his son who then lived with me. Mr. Goodman went along with me and the officer to serve the warrant. We first took the boy, afterwards we went and took the prisoner. As soon as the officer had got the prisoner into custody, I asked Mr. Goodman if that was the person; he said he was. We then took him to Wood-street Compter; being there informed that there was an alderman sitting at Guildhall, we took him directly to Guildhall; when we came there the boy was examined, and denyed stealing them; the father was then asked how he came by them; he said he bought them of one Tucker, who lived a servant in Cateaton-street. Tucker was sent for and when he came he denied having any dealings of that kind with the prisoner, except about two years ago he employed the prisoner to make him a waistcoat, that there was a part left sufficient to make the fore part of a waistcoat for a child and that he sold to the prisoner for one shilling. The prisoner and his son were both sent back to the Compter, for him to find the person he bought them of. The next day they went under another examination; the prisoner was asked if he had found the person he bought them of; his answer was that he had not, but that the people he had them of brought them to his house, and when he had sold them they called for their money, but that he did not know their names nor where they lived then. The boy was examined again.
You must not mention what he said upon his examination to affect the father.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes.
Did you ever buy any cuttings of scarlet woollen cloth of him?
Several times.
Did you ever buy any cuttings of him that you afterwards shewed to Mr. Brooks?
Yes, they are in court.
Do you know any thing more?
Nothing more than Mr. Brooks has related of what passed before the alderman.
I sold the goods to Mr. Goodman; he did not know me when I sold them to him, nor did I know the person I bought them of.
I asked him how he came by these goods; he said he had bought them from the foreman of a warehouse, that they were his perquisites; I paid him the full price for them, and did not know but that he came honestly by them. When Mr. Brooks enquired after them, I told him that I had bought such things; he asked me if I should know the person I bought them of; I said if I could see him I should know him.
I was a constable. These goods were delivered to me at Guildhall on the 24th of December.
These are my goods; I know them by the manner in which they are done up; nobody else puts them up in that manner. They are my own cuttings.
I live with Mr. Brooks; I know that these are Mr. Brooks's property.
I bought them of a man whom I know not; I thought to get a shilling by them by selling them to Mr. Goodman.
What relation are you to the prisoner?
I am the prisoner's nephew. Ever since I have known the prisoner he has been an honest man.
How long have you known him?
Thirty years.
I have known the prisoner fourteen years; he worked two years constantly with me; I trusted him with a great deal of property; I never found him other than an honest man.
What trade is he?
A tailor.
I have known the prisoner eight years; I have always found him to be a very just and honest man.
I have known the prisoner about seven years; I never knew him behave otherwise than as an honest hard working man.
What is the value of them?
The whole that were at Mr. Goodman's were worth eight pounds.
I have known the prisoner thirty years; I never heard any thing before this affair to the prejudice of his character.
I have known the prisoner about thirteen years; I never heard but that he was an honest working man, with a large family.
I bought them at several times of the man I had them of.
Did you loose them at several times or all at once?
At several times.
You said you missed them all at once?
But Mr. Goodman said he bought some almost every week.
