I never saw the prisoner before the 25th of October, I know her now; on the 24th of October I went up stairs, about three o'clock, I found the club-room door open; my master keeps a public house; I saw an old gown of mine thrown down on the bed, I went to my box, and found one cotton linen gown gone, one white apron and two coloured aprons gone; they were in the box before, and the key in it, I had seen them in the morning; my master detected the prisoner on the 25th of October in the house; he said, you are the little girl I have been looking for all day, but had no suspicion she had done it.
Was you present at this time?
No; she took us to the pawnbroker's, I went with her; she confessed she had pawned them to my master and all of us.
What pawnbroker was it?
Mr. Cates; I went there, and we found the things there, the gown and the three aprons.
A girl bigger than myself ordered me to do it.
I keep the King's Arms, Rolls Buildings, Fetter-lane ; on the 24th of October last, my servant informed me somebody got into her room, she lay in the club-room; the next day a neighbour asked me if I saw a little girl go through the passage, I said no; I went up stairs, and saw the prisoner there, up three pair of stairs; I asked her what she wanted, she said one Davis a bricklayer, they were at work on the outside of the house; I enquired amongst the bricklayers if there was a person of the name of Davis, they said no; I said to her, I have a suspicion you have robbed us, I threatened her a considerable time, she denied it; at last she owned she went up stairs with another girl, and took out the gown and three aprons, she confessed it; she said she and another girl; I made some enquiry about the other girl, she had been at service, and the people said she had not been out of the house that day; this girl confessed she had pawned them; I went to the pawnbroker's with my servant, and there they were found.
What is the prisoner's age?
I am going on thirteen; my mother spins shoemaker's hemp, she lives in Church-yard Alley, Fetter-lane, and she has three children besides me.
What does she employ you about?
To wind the hemp.
It was through the other girl that wanted the money.
