I keep a silversmith and jeweller's shop in the Strand . On the 18th of this month, about five in the evening, I found the show-glass of my shop broke, and missed two stone knee-buckles set in silver.
I was in my father's (the prosecutor's) shop. The prisoner and another man came up to the show-glasses, between five and six o'clock on the 18th of this month. They stood there a good while; then they went away. I went to the little parlour; when I came back I saw the same two men at the glass again; and I saw the shorter one, which is not the prisoner, have his hand in the glass. I went up to the window (the prisoner saw me) while the other was taking the buckle out of the glass. The prisoner made a kind of an halloo; he ran a little way not quite the length of the window, and then stopped till the other man got the buckle out of the glass. I saw the buckle in his hand. Then they both ran off together. I ran out to the door, and Mr. Scotcher, who is a neighbour, pursued them; the other man ran off; the prisoner was secured. He was searched but nothing found upon him. He said he did not do it. This was between five and six in the afternoon.
Was it not dusk then?
Not so dark but I could plainly discern their faces.
I was standing at my door, which is opposite Mr. Salmon's. Miss Salmon advanced towards the window seemingly in great confusion. At that time I observed the prisoner and another man standing close to the window; they seemed to stagger. I did not see them do any thing. When Miss Salmon came to the door she turned about, as I supposed to call her father or some of the family. Her father advanced towards the door and I observed the prisoner and the other man to run away very precipitately. I ran after them. The prisoner was the hindermost; I took him, and brought him back to the shop.
What did he say?
He made no resistance. I asked him where his accomplice was? He said he did not know.
Did not I say I had nobody with me?
No. I asked him where his accomplice was? He said he did not know.
He asked me where my accomplice was gone? I said I had nobody with me.
His accomplice was within eight doors of me when I laid hold of him, but I had not the presence of mind to call out stop thief!
I was in the compacity of a postillion in my last place; I was going on an errand by Mr. Salmon's house; I stopped at the end of Mr. Salmon's shop to tye up my garter; the prisoner looked me hard in the face, he was within reach of the glass of the shop window, he moved a little on one side; I saw the other man take his hand out of the glass, I was buttoning my breeches knee; the prisoner hallooed to the other, upon which they both went off down Buckingham-street.
Did they turn down Buckingham-street?
They might make a feint to turn down Buckingham-street; I never lost sight of them; I am sure they did not go down Buckingham-street.
I was going along the street, and saw these people standing at their doors; I stopped to buckle up my shoe; I went to cross the street out of the way of a coach; this gentleman came and laid hold of me; he said I had robbed the shop; I said I would go back with him to any place he required.
