I live at Colnbrooke . On the 17th of July, about one o'clock at noon I lost the things mentioned in the indictment ( repeating them) I had seen them all in the bar, except the tankard, about ten minutes before I missed them. This gentleman (the prisoner) came and had a dinner at my house.
In company or alone?
By himself; the waiter came out of the room, and when he returned the gentleman was gone. The waiter came and asked me if I had seen him, or he had paid his reckoning? I told him I had not seen him. He said the tops of the castors were gone; he went back and then missed the spoons. I have a letter (producing it) which came from the prisoner on Sunday last.
How do you know it came from him?
I suppose so, it has his name to it.
When you sent your servant after me I had not left your house for good, I had not paid for what I had had.
You had got two or three hundred yards, almost to the turnpike.
I had not paid you?
No, and I suppose you never intended it.
I live with Mr. Cox. The prisoner came to dine at my master's house; I attended upon him; my master carried in part of the dinner, and I followed him; there was on the table a silver table spoon, a silver salt and salt spoon, and two crewets with silver tops. I brought him a pint of beer in a china pint mug; I set it down on the table by him, and went out of the room; I staid out some time, and then went back to see if he had done dinner; when I went into the room he was gone, and I missed the things off the table; I am sure they were there when I went out. I went into the next room and missed a silver tankard off the side-board. I saw it in that room when I shewed the prisoner into the room where he dined. He went through the room where the tankard was. I went and told my master, and five or six of us went in pursuit of him; my fellow servant overtook him, and I saw him brought back.
When the plate was missed I took a horse and went after the prisoner immediately; I overtook him in the London road, about three hundred yards from our house; I rode up to him and asked him what he had got in his pocket? He asked me what business it was of mine? and said what he had got was his own. I told him I did not know whether it was or not, and insisted upon seeing. He said I should not, I might take it out of his pocket if I dared. I brought him back and we sent for a constable. The prisoner was searched in my presence; I saw the silver tankard taken out of his side pocket, and a silver spoon. I did not stand to see all the things particularly taken out. He said they were his own.
Was he perfectly sober then?
He was very sober as far as I saw.
It was not the conduct of a sober man before you and your master to say the tankard was his own?
He insisted upon it that it was his own.
Was he out of his mind?
Not that I know of.
I am a constable. The plate we took from the prisoner has been in my possession ever since the 17th of July. It was all taken out of his pockets (producing the several articles)
To Lloyd. What did he say for himself when the things were found upon him?
Nothing at all.
Counsel for the prisoner to the prosecutor. W C are the initials of your name?
Yes.
You did not put them on yourself?
No.
You know his name is Cox?
Thomas Cox .
But his father's name was William Cox .
I submit to your lordship that this indictment cannot be maintained against me; I have heard it read, I find I am described as a labourer. I am an attorney of the King's Bench, and should have been described as a gentleman. I submit to your lordship this indictment cannot be supported against me. I have not my admission about me, I can send for it.
You pleaded to the indictment as a labourer.
I was under a necessity of doing that.
No, you was not; you might have pleaded in abatement.
I presume I am not too late before judgement.
To the prosecutor. You have known this man a long time?
I believe he was at my house the night before, and ran away without paying me.
What is the value of that tankard?
Six pounds; it cost me seven.
I keep a publick-house in New Palace-yard, Westminster . On Sunday morning the 16th of July I missed four silver tablespoons out of the cupboard of the bar. I had had them in my hand on Saturday at about four in the afternoon; the prisoner was lurking about the house three or four times on the Saturday. He asked me to dine with him the next day on a goose. I have known him some years.
What is he?
I do not know; he calls himself an attorney; on missing the spoons, I went round to the pawnbrokers in the neighbourhood and found them at Mr. Joseph Wassels , a pawnbroker in the Broad Sanctuary; the prisoner was taken up, and I was sent for to the justice's.
These spoons (producing them) were pawned with me between nine and ten o'clock on Saturday night by the prisoner.
Did you know his person before?
Yes, perfectly well. He said they were left him by some relation; I think he said his father. He asked me two guineas on them; I lent him twenty-six shillings; they have been in my possession ever since.
What is the value of them?
About forty-five or forty-six shillings.
What are they worth as old silver?
About five or six and forty shillings; they weigh nine ounces at least.
They are my property; my name is upon them.
My lord I have the same objection to this indictment that I am not rightly described. I have no witnesses.
