I am the wife of Marvel Hawkins. I lodge at Mr. Rathbourne's, No. 145, Oxford-Road ; upon the 13th of April the prisoner and another man came to buy a jole of salmon; they wanted change for a guinea; I went into my bed room to get change out of my husband's pocket; my husband was lying on the bed; they came into the room after me; the prisoner hurried me, and wanted a half guinea first, to give to the other man; and then I gave the man four shillings and two half crowns, in change; he put the silver back into my hand, and bid me give him a guinea's-worth of silver; I told him I could not; he desired me then to change the two half crowns for five shillings; when I had the silver in my hand, I looked at the guinea; I thought it was light; I was going up to my landlord to weigh it, and the prisoner snatched it out of my hand, and ran away with it; they left the salmon behind them. I went from public-house to public-house in pursuit, and I found the prisoner at the Lamb and Flag, the corner of James-street, Oxford-road; when we charged him with stealing the half guinea. A friend of mine, who was there, went to take him, and he beat him in a violent manner, and knocked him down; another person came up, and he was secured.
The woman told me in what manner she had been robbed; I went with her to see after the person; when I went into the public-house, we saw the prisoner; she said, That was the man; I helped to take him; he was riotous, and used me ill.
I assisted to take the prisoner.
I never saw the house; I never was near the place. I am a joiner and carpenter.
I keep the Lamb and Flag; the prisoner came into my house between three and four o'clock; in about an hour and half after, the woman came into the house, and asked the girl, if that was the person; she said, I think it is; she said, That will not do; then she said, I am sure he is the man, I have known him about a twelvemonth. He bore a very good character.
The prisoner lodges with me; he dined with his wife about twelve o'clock; it was past three in the afternoon when he came down into my shop, and had half an ounce of tobacco of me, and I saw him go out. My house is in Margaret-street, Oxford-market, about a quarter of a mile from the Lamb and Flag. He lodged with me above a twelve month. I know him to be a very honest sober young man.
What time did these people come into your shop?
Between two and three o'clock. The landlord said, before the justice. The man came in about half after twelve, dined with his wife on a shoulder of mutton, and went out about two.
Are you sure he is the man?
Yes, I am.
Do you know about what time the people came in?
Yes, it was between two and three.
What did you say when you was carried to the public-house?
I looked at him, and said, You are the gentleman that came to my mistress for a jole of salmon. I saw he was the man, else I would not have said it.
