I remember the morning of the 5th of February; I know a pond in Mr. Davis's yard; a little after eight o'clock I found the body, there. It is a coach yard, Davis is a coach master; at the bottom of his yard is a pond not so large as this room, but the inside square of the court about four feet deep, I believe.
Was it four feet deep towards the edge?
It was deepest at the farther end; as I was watering my horses I saw a bit of checque swimming upon the water, as I stood on the side of the pond, I put in a stick and pulled it to me; as I was pulling the checque towards me I saw the woman's hand rise out of the water; I saw a ring upon her finger; I went to the stable and called Thomas Page , he came with me, and he and I went back to the pond; we drew the body to the shore; the body was about four feet from the edge of the pond; I first saw the checque; she lay sideways towards the shore.
When did you discover it was the prisoner's wife ?
We went and called Joseph Davis when we saw it was Mrs. Brown; we both knew it to be the wife of Mr. Brown; I seen the wife of the prisoner at the bar; I knew him before, but Page knew her before, I did not, Page said it was the prisoner's wife; we returned in five minutes from the pond, there were more people present; I was there when the body was taken out.
I Know the prisoner at the bar, and I knew his wife very well; on the 5th of February I was called upon to go to the pond side; our stable is near the pond where I was, the first thing I saw was a checque apron lye on the top of the water; I took my fork and twisted it round the apron, and drew the body to the edge of the pond; it lay about a yard and a half in the pond when I put the fork in to pull it to the edge; as soon as I saw the face, I said God Almighty forgive me, it is Mrs. Brown! I immediately sent for the prisoner; he came down the yard directly afterwards; I did not go for him; I was there when he came down into the yard amongst the rest of the people; I said Oh, Mr. Brown, it is a shocking affair; oh, says he, it is indeed; the next thing he said is, oh, Thomas Davis , you turned my wife out of doors last night (he Davis was present) and she ran down the yard at that time, and he (the prisoner) ran after; I said the next words, Mr. Brown she has no cap on her head, nor handkerchief, nor no shoes or buckles; upon this Mr. Brown made answer, and said, her shoes and buckles were in the pond. I was by the pond side when it was took out; the body lay sideways in the pond, we catched hold of her arms, and seeing her hand I put the fork under and lifted her up; brought the body out of the pond, and put it upon some straw; I did not examine the body; I took notice of no marks on it; Mr. Davis came down by his orders; she was taken to Mr. Brown's house; he said it was more proper than to let the body lye there.
The body was taken out before Brown came?
Just as he was coming down the yard.
You had a pitchfork in your hand?
Yes.
You put it under her body?
Yes; her legs were quite straight as though laid out. I put the handle of the fork under her cloaths, and there was a step at the pond; we put it in particular under her cloaths.
Do you know whether the shoes were found in the pond?
There was only one shoe and buckle found, the water was taken all out, and no other found; the shoe and buckle was found soon after, as the pond was emptied as soon as possible we could; we got our engine and pumped the water out as soon as we could get men to work; there was no cap on her head, it was found tucked hard under her roll, in her neck; she used to wear a roll; she had neither shoe nor buckle; I said it is a shocking affair, he said so it is.
Are there any necessary down your yard?
There are two necessaries down that yard.
I work for the master of the yard; I am a farrier and smith, I was in company when
Mr. Brown came down to the water; I was at the pond; Brown came down as we were lifting her out of the water.
Was you the person that Brown accused of having sent his wife out of doors?
I am; he did not speak to me concerning of it; I did not observe Brown to say, oh, Thomas Davis you turned my wife out of door last night. Mrs. Brown had spent the evening at my house; she went away about a quarter after ten, she came about nine, it was a cross a narrow street, about twenty yards to Mr. Brown's house; I believe it is two hundred and fifty yards down from my house to this pond; Mrs. Brown was as merry and as cheerful as ever I saw her when she went from my house; I lit her down to the door, with the key of her own house in her hand; I did not observe her two yards from the door, I turned back directly and went up to bed. I cannot recollect that I saw the prisoner at the bar at that time; I cannot tell how the prisoner and the deceased lived together.
Your two wives were intimate?
Yes.
She brought a duck?
There was a duck, I did not see it brought.
There are two necessaries down the yard made use of by your people, and other people in your neighbourhood?
Yes.
Those necessaries were used by him too?
They were frequent for every one; I have known Mrs. Brown for ten or eleven years; she was a tall thin woman.
Given to drinking?
Never in my company, nor as I knew of; it was a dark night; I saw no more of her till the next morning.
The prisoner was not fond of his wife keeping company with your wife?
I cannot say.
Was there a good deal of mud in the pond?
No, Sir, no great quantity in the horse pond.
The deceased was at our house on the Monday night, till some minutes before ten; she came about a quarter after nine; she had been married to the prisoner about nine months; I never saw him use her ill but the night she cried out murder, she came to my house and brought a bundle of things, I did not know her voice, but I heard the cry at Brown's house; I cannot say what time after the cry of murder, it was some time after, she came to me with a bundle of apparel, five pair of stays, and other things.
It was three weeks before she was found in the pond, it was on a Saturday, I had no opportunity of knowing how they lived together, farther than she told me; we lived opposite as could be to Mr. Brown's house, when I heard the cry, she brought some curtains.
The last night she supped with you, she brought a duck?
Yes.
He is a poulterer ?
Yes; I bought the duck of her, not of him.
Did you know he did not like she should come there?
No; I never heard him forbid her, I never heard him say he was angry with her for coming to my house; the duck. I purchased of her; the furniture she brought are at my house; she never brought any thing but those curtains, five pair of stays, and some linen; the stays were her's, I don't think he knew any thing of it; she brought them the night she cried murder.
I live at Hampstead, not far from Mr. Davis's yard, I cannot say how far; I heard three screams a little after twelve at night.
How long ago?
A fortnight last Monday; it was the night before the body was found, I was coming that way, when I heard two screams, one by Mrs. Forster's, and another at the top of the Church-yard.
What distance is it from Mrs. Davis's house to Forster's?
A good way; the second noise was from the Church-yard stile, when I got to the top of Cock-alley, I heard a most bitter scream, that was in the town, not a great way from Davis's yard.
You cannot tell the distance, but Forster's is a good way from Davis's?
No.
How far is the Church-yard stile, is it
between Forster's and Davis's yard?
Yes; between Forster's and Davis's yard, I cannot tell how far the Church-yard is from Davis's yard, it is a good distance, but higher than Forster's; I heard a third scream at the top of Cock-alley.
Is Cock-alley, or the Church-yard stile, nearest to Davis's?
Cock-alley; and that was a louder screak than I had heard before; the third was the last I heard; I then went home and told my father, he said it was a screich owl, I said it could not be a screich owl.
From this house, which was your way home?
By the Church-yard stile, and by Bradley's, when we came by Forster's, we came nearer Davis's yard, I cannot say how near I was to the yard, my way home was higher up in the town; I live in the middle of Hampstead, I did not come nearer Davis's yard, I saw nobody but the watchman, I asked the hour, he told me it was past twelve.
There are watchmen in Church-row, there are many houses; I did not tell the watchman I heard the screams, he was crying the hour, I never was nearer Davis's, there are houses between, I did not mention it to the watchman, I went home directly.
