I am fourteen years of age, and am a native of the East-Indies. On the Tuesday before last I was sent by my mistress, Miss Oliphant, from the neighbourhood of Tower-hill, with a box to Mrs. Oliphant's in Cockspur-street, to get some thing; I had two or three errands to do; I set out to go home with the box filled with things at about seven o'clock; I grew tired; I set down my box at Bow-church to rest myself; while I was there, the prisoner came up, and said, How far are you going? I said, only to Tower-hill; he said, he lived in French Ordinary Court (which is in the neighbourhood of Tower-hill) and if I would let him carry the box for me, he would give it me again when he came to his own house. I said I was afraid he would not let me have it again; he said, I might depend upon it I should have it again, and he would carry it safe for me. He took the box, and we went together: we did not go up Lombard-street, which was the nearest way; we went up Cornhill; when we came to Gracechurch-street, he wanted to go up Leadenhall-street; I objected; I said, No; go down Gracechurch-street, that is the nearest way; we went on till we came to the steps at London-street, near Crutched Friars; I went down the steps first; the prisoner, instead of following me, slipped away from me; I sought for him, but could not find him: I then went home; I saw the prisoner again the next day in custody; I immediately knew him, and I am sure he is the man that got the box from me.
Had not the box a direction to it?
There was a direction.
I am a watchman. Last Tuesday se'nnight, at about eleven at night, I saw the prisoner running along Billiter-lane, with a trunk in his hand; I thought it was a suspicious circumstance, therefore I stopped him; he assured me the trunk belonged to his sister, and wanted to go to the place where his sister lived, but I took him to the watch-house; he endeavoured to get from me into Jewry-street, but I prevented him.
Whether there was not a coach passing, and I ran to avoid it?
There was no coach; the prisoner insisted the box was his sister's.
The box is my property; I have seen Miss Oliphant wear part of the apparel contained in it; the slippers have her name written inside them.
Coming along I met the boy; he seemed very tired; he asked me to help him carry his box; I carried it for him most part of the way. I was going down the steps at London-street; I happened to miss him; I came back again, and enquired after a black boy; nobody could inform me any thing of him: going across Billiter-lane, somebody called after me, Stop! I thought it was some people playing the fool; as I came into Leadenhall-street, they called Stop! Stop! I stopped presently; they asked me where I was going; I said to my sister's; and they took me to the watch-house.
