I am a leather-seller ; my brother, Abraham Hitchin , is my partner; on the 18th of April I was robbed of three guineas by the prisoner, at No. 32, Little Newport-street, Soho ; the prisoner came into my shop, on the 18th of April, and brought me a very excellent guinea in his hand, asking me if I could give him change for it; I told him I could; he gave me the guinea; I went to my desk, and took out two half guineas out of this bag in the desk, and I gave him those two half guineas, putting his guinea in the room of them, in the bag; one of which half guineas he scrupled, or refused, saying it was too light; I told him then I was very ready to change it; I went to my desk, and took out this bag, containing to the amount, in gold, silver, and copper, ten guineas.
You are sure that was in the bag?
Yes, I took it to my counter, and threw out part of the money that was in it; he would not give me time to give him the change; but in haste began to handle the money, saying immediately that he wanted a choice half guinea; not finding one to please him, among the money that I threw out, he took hold of the bag, throwing out the remainder himself; he amused me in this manner, with speaking of the different terms that they call our coin in France, and in the present time took up half a guinea out of the money that he himself threw out, saying, that half guinea would do; he then paid me a respectful compliment for the favour I had done him, and I put the rest of the money in the bag immediately, without telling what was left; the prisoner then beckoned me to forward it into my desk with all speed, fearful I might lose some; he then looked at some leather that lay on some shelves in the shop, and to repeat his own words, he said, nice leather for breeches; he then behaved in a strange manner, by patting me on the back, and saying, you know what you are about; he then returned me so many thanks for the favour I had done him, that I almost thought myself under an obligation to him, instead of him to me, and immediately left my shop; my worthy and much esteemed neighbour and friend, Mr. Burridge, of Newport-market, stepped in, interrogating me -
Do not tell us what passed between you and him. - I will, in as concise a manner as possible, bring it to a conclusion; Mr. Burridge asked me if I had lost any money, if I had given him change; he said, has that man touched you, that went out? I said he has; he passed a few minutes; I said, Sir, you alarm me, is the man possessed with the plague; or any thing that is infectious, for he has touched me, and handled me; he said, has he touched your money? I said, he has touched my money.
Did the prisoner speak English?
He did speak both French and English, as I shall make it appear; Mr. Burridge asked me if I had counted the money since I gave him change; I said no, I had not; I then went and counted the money before Mr. Burridge, and there were seven guineas exactly, to one farthing.
You are sure, as you said before, that there were ten guineas when the prisoner came into your shop?
There were ten guineas in amount.
How lately before his coming in, had you counted the money?
The money was counted and locked in the desk the night before.
By whom?
By my brother; I believe the desk was locked when I told the money before Mr. Burridge; I found there were three guineas short, and that the man had robbed me of three guineas; I beg leave to observe, that Mr. Burridge watched the man both in and out; I desired Mr. Burridge, as he had been to his house, to let me know if he came to his house again, and I would let him know if he came to my house; last Tuesday was a week, the 15th of May, the prisoner went to Mr. Burridges's house for some veal cutlets, and Mr. Burridge sent his servant to me, to tell me he wanted to speak to me; I went over, and saw Mr. Burridge, and the second person I saw, was the prisoner at the bar, who wanted very much to shake hands with me; my recollecting him immediately, I told him, you had better keep your distance; shall I shake hands with a man that has robbed me once, and would again if he had it in his power? he started immediately, and pretended to be surprised, though I believe he was not; I told Mrs. Burridge that he affected not to understand English, though I believe he did; to communicate to him in French, that I was the person he came to a month ago wanting one day, for change for a guinea, and at that time availing himself of robbing me of three guineas; the moment he was told that, he took out three guineas out of his pocket, saying, you take your three guineas and let me be gone; I refused taking the money, and said, I should seek to the law for redress; I sent for a constable who did not come; then I went to the office in Litchfield-street, where I got a runner; he was taken to the office and committed by Mr. Barnfather.
Did any thing particular pass on the examination?
He behaved in a very improper manner, with a great deal of contempt to me, and the Justice told him, it was a matter of too serious a nature to be trifled with; my brother being not at home, he was detained till six o'clock, when he was re-examined by Mr. Justice Barnfather and was committed; I employed an attorney in order to see the business conducted, and the Jury found a true bill.
What are you?
A leather-seller.
Is that the business you have constantly been brought up in?
No Sir, I was a woolstapler, or fellmonger, with my father.
I thought you had kept a school made me ask you?
No Sir, I have a brother that does keep a school.
So I thought; you say this was on the 18th of April this person came into the shop and asked you for change for a guinea?
Yes.
On that occasion, you tell us he produced a very good fair weighty guinea?
A most excellent guinea.
You said you went to the desk then, and took out a bag containing some money?
I did not take out the bag the first time, I took out two half guineas out of the bag, leaving the bag in the desk; I put the guinea he gave me into the bag again; I have been speaking only of one bag.
You led us to understand at first, that you knew perfectly well the contents of this bag?
At first I did.
Afterwards you said, you did not know the contents of it, because it was your brother that counted?
My brother counted it, over night.
Then you know nothing of the real contents but from your brother's information, not from your own knowledge?
No Sir, I knew the contents of it so far as this; I settled the books for the day.
This bag was your own?
It was mine and my brothers; it is a bag we have for the purpose; we always leave one day's money for another day's change.
Had you not used it for any private expences of your own?
No Sir, this is the first time the bag was ever out of the house; I have a man; he is here; me and my brother have each of us a key of the desk.
Have you any wife?
I am not so happy as to have a wife.
Then your brother has?
No Sir, we are both single men.
The prisoner staid a few minutes with you talking after he took the money; the prisoner did not affect to know you at the time you saw him again?
He seemed to recollect me, and shake hands with me as a friend; I should have said that he refused that ever he had tendered the money; he spoke in English, you take your three guineas and let me be gone; as plain and as articulate as I do.
This man evidently is a foreigner?
Yes Sir, I believe him to be a foreigner; I wish he had remained foreign to me.
I am brother to the last witness; I counted this money that was in this drawer the over night; there was in amount, in gold, silver and half-pence, ten guineas.
When you had counted the money and put it into the bag, and put it into the desk, what did you do?
I put the money into the desk, and locked the desk, and put the key into my pocket.
Did you ever take any of that money out again?
No.
Have you and your brother each a key?
Each of us.
Did you give that key to any body?
I kept it in my own pocket.
Had any other person but your brother and you a key?
None else.
Is it a good lock or is it a lock that any other key will open?
It is a tumbler lock; I took none neither that night nor the next day.
Your brother has an equal access to the money as yourself?
I never suffer any money to be taken out whatever.
Your brother has the command of the lock as much as you?
No Sir, I would not suffer my own brother to do it, for what ever goods are bought, I commonly pay with a draft on my banker.
You do not understand the question, cannot your brother, having a key, go to the desk as well as you?
Without a doubt.
And you occasionally trust your servant with the key?
No.
Not to give change?
No Sir, we do not go to the desk for change, we go to the till; it happened that morning after I had breakfasted, I undid the desk to take out the book in which we enter the goods that are sold, and there had been no customer in that morning, and there was nobody in the shop, but my brother, after breakfast, till the prisoner came in.
But your brother has equal access as well as you?
Yes.
Had you given a draft to your brother for his share of that money which was in the bag?
No, Sir.
Was it your custom to give drafts of that sort?
That morning I had no bill due; I had bought no goods, so that I had no occasion to give a draft that morning.
Was it your constant custom to give your brother a draft for his share of the money in the desk?
No Sir, if we want money for our own private expences, we take out as much as we want by a draft on the banker.
Then if your brother wanted any money, you would have given him a draft on your banker?
Yes, if he wanted any.
Had you taken any money out for any purpose?
No Sir, that I did not.
The prisoner came to our shop, on Saturday the 14th of April, and bought some meat; we keep a butcher's shop, in Newport-market.
You must not tell us any thing previous to the 18th of April, or whether you know any thing that happened a month after, when you sent for Mr. Hitchin to your shop?
It was from what happened on the 14th of April, that we sent to Mr. Hitchen; my husband went to Mr. Hitchen.
The prisoner at the bar came to my shop on the 18th of April; my first knowledge of him was, on Saturday the 14th; he came and bought a piece of beef, or rather a slice more properly; it came to a shilling or fourteen-pence; he paid Mrs. Burridge for it, and during the time Mrs. Burridge was giving him change, I had reason to suspect him; and having that reason, I went to Mr. Hitchen, on the 18th; then he came again for something; after he left my shop, he went to Mr. Hitchen's immediately; I watched him into the shop; I saw him go in again; I staid till he came out; I saw him pat Mr. Hitchen on the back and come out of the shop, upon which I went in immediately; I asked Mr. Hitchen if he had changed any money for that gentleman; I asked him if he had touched him; and he said, yes; he seemed very much surprised, and asked the reason why; he asked if he was possessed with the plague or any infectious disorder; I asked him if he had touched the money; he said, yes, he had; I desired him then to count the money.
Did he tell you before he counted the money, how much there ought to be in the bag?
No, he did not; he counted it, and said, there were three guineas short; he said, there were to the\\ amountof ten guineas in gold, silver, and halfpence, in the bag when he gave him change, and that then there were but seven, and that therefore, he had robbed him of three guineas.
Did you see the money counted?
No, I thought he would come to him again; he told me he thought not; I said, I dare say he will come to my shop again; accordingly he desired me, if he did, to let him know; the prisoner came to my shop on Tuesday, the 15th of May, and Mrs. Burridge told me, he wanted some veal cutlets; I took down the veal to cut the cutlets; during the time the cutlets were cutting, he said, veal cutlets, in English; and during this time, Mrs. Burridge sent one of my servants to call Mr. Hitchin; he came; the prisoner was then in my shop; the moment he saw Mr. Hitchin, he immediately wanted to shake hands with him; Mr. Hitchin said, do you think I will shake hands with a man that has robbed me? or something to that purpose; Mrs. Burridge then gave him to understand, Mr. Hitchin was the gentleman that he had taken three guineas from; so without any hesitation at all, the prisoner put his hand in his pocket, took out three guineas, and laid them on the block, and said, you take your three guineas and let me be gone; you be very good gentleman; he wanted to be gone out of the shop, and Mr. Hitchin pulled him back, saying, he would deal with him another way, according to law.
Mr. Hitchins stated you to us, as his very worthy and much esteemed friend; now I find that when you went over the way, you communicated your suspicions to him?
I did.
Then there is no doubt that you had your suspicions at the time you saw the man go in?
I had.
You suffered him to stay with your worthy and much esteemed friend, and to do what you supposed he would do?
I could not reduce it to a certainty.
Now you see how much you deserve the title he has given you; when he came to your shop, the man offered to shake hands with him at once?
He did.
This man does not rightly understand English?
He pretended not.
He does not seem to understand English very well?
No, he does not.
Have you any thing to say in your own defence?
I went to the butcher's shop for change for a guinea, and he gave me two half guineas, and I have been two or three times to buy some meat there, and the day I was taken, they told me something, but I could not understand a word they said, and the lady told me about three guineas, in French.
What did they say to you about three guineas?
They said something about three guineas, but I could not understand what they said.
Did Mrs. Burridge speak to you in French or English?
She spoke to me in French, but she only said, we, we.
Did you explain to him that Mr. Hitchin was the man that he had robbed of three guineas?
I did.
You can speak French a little, could you speak enough in French to explain that?
He made a great many emotions, and offered it him again; then I said, why do you offer that three guineas? says he, he says, I owe him three guineas; says I, he says no such a thing.
Did you speak to him in French?
I did.
Did he understand you?
I am sure he did; he eat paper for madness; he put me in a great tremble for fear he had pistols; I asked him, why he tendered him the three guineas; he said, because he understood he owed him three guineas.
Did you explain it to him?
I said, he was the man that had lost three guineas, and that he must have it.
How long have you known the prisoner at the bar?
Between three and four months.
How long have you been in England?
Seven months.
How long has the prisoner been in England?
About three months.
What character does he deserve from you, for honesty?
He has been at my house, and I always found him very kind, civil, and honest.
What is the prisoner's profession, or what does he follow?
He has a good deal of money, but I do not know his profession.
Do you know his family?
I know in Florence there is such a family.
How long have you known the prisoner?
I have known him in France, and here.
For what time?
I knew him about a year and half ago, in France, and about two months here.
During that time, what has been his character for honesty?
I always knew him for an honest man and a gentleman.
What was his profession in France?
My business in France would not permit me to go and enquire about him, but there is a singer in the Opera House, that can give you a better account of his family than me.
I keep an Italian warehouse, in Mount-street; I have known the prisoner five weeks; I do not know how long he has been in England; he has bought several times, goods of me; he has paid me very honourably; I believe he is a very honest man.
Do you know what business he follows?
I do not; but he could not understand one word of English.
Do you know any thing of his family?
I do not, but I have heard there is such a family in Florence; a very creditable family.
I am a boot and shoe-maker, the corner of Saint Martin's-street; have known the prisoner; he lodged with me six weeks; he came to me as a gentleman; and he behaved as a gentleman, and he paid me as a gentleman.
You believe him to be an honest man?
I never saw any thing to the contrary.
Had he a wife and family at your house?
He had.
What business was he?
That I cannot say; he lodged with me till the time he was taken up; as to his talking of English, the best word I could hear him say, was, ver good, ver good.
I am a courier; I came here express from Florence; I have known the prisoner ever since I have been in London, about a month and a half; I have seen him in different places, and he always behaved as a gentleman; I do not know him particularly, but I know there is such a family, a very good family; I know one of the name that is a physician.
Are his supposed relations people of fortune?
Yes.
I believe the first time I have known the prisoner, was immediately upon his arrival in England.
What do you know of his character?
I understood he was a good character; I have had conversation with him some long time; he is very worthy, very honest; I go to dine some times at the house; I understood him to be a merchant in Florence and of exceeding good character.
Did he bear a good character?
By G - d, yes.
I am wife of Mr. Swaffey, the hairdresser to her Majesty; he would have come but he is busy; I have known the prisoner ever since he has been in England, that is about four months; he used to come to our house every day, and I am sure there is plenty of property at our house; and if he had been inclined to steal any thing, he might; I have three or four watches; and my husband two; and plenty of diamonds and other rings; you may enquire my husband's character and mine.
What character has the prisoner?
A very good character; I left him in my house, and once or twice there were three or four Bank notes; my husband is with the Queen now; he has belonged to the Queen these fifteen years; he has dressed her Majesty so long; any body may come to our house and see what property we have; there are plenty of watches and diamonds, and they are not locked up.
How came you to know him?
He being an Italian; my husband is an Italian; I believe there are some people that come from Florence, and that he has people in his family that deal in silk; I understand he came on purpose to trade, because he said he would go to Birmingham; his wife had a great deal of money when he married her; he has a child, and his wife is big with child; very genteel people; I was very much surprised, but he is a poor foreigner; I believe he did not understand a word of English when he came to our house; I was obliged to write a note for him.
I have more witnesses, but I will not trouble the Court with them.
Do you know the exact\\ amountof the different coins in gold, silver, and half-pence, that were put into the bag over night?
No Sir, I cannot say I do.
Can you tell with any degree of exactness?
I cannot.
How many guineas were there?
I cannot say.
How much silver was there?
I cannot say; I said to my brother that evening, cast up the book and I will cast up the till; and I can say, I cast it up four different times; and I remember in casting it up, I laughed with my brother, that it should come exactly to ten guineas; I fancy there might be about five or six guineas.
How many guineas were there?
I cannot ascertain to a nicety how many guineas there were, but I believe I may say with great truth, there were about three shillings worth of half-pence.
How much silver?
I cannot say exactly how much silver; there were guineas and half guineas.
But what number of guineas?
I did not tell them.
How many guineas were there in when you counted them afterwards?
I was not so particular to set down how many guineas there were then, but there were seven guineas in amount.
At the time that you counted it and wanted to bring it to a total, did not you set down how much gold, how much silver, and how much half-pence?
No Sir, I counted gold, silver, and half-pence; I counted it all together; I did not take any particular account to put it down separate; if I had money here to any amount, I could tell it without counting it off, and there is a lady in this Court that I served my apprenticeship with, that can say with propriety, that she never knew me to err in my life.
But supposing you had money to count that consisted in guineas, silver, and half-pence, would you begin first with the half-pence?
I commonly count up the half-pence first.
Then I suppose you can tell how many guineas there were?
I cannot take upon me to say how many guineas, not how many half guineas.
