Where do you live?
In Scotland. Three of us came on shore the 17th of December; I went to Ann Gould 's house in Shadwell , for one night.
Did you know her?
I knew nothing of her before.
Do you know her husband John Gould ?
No. Her proper husband was not at home; there were two men in the house when we went in.
Do you know her husband?
I do not.
What did you loose?
Fourteen guineas, which were in my trowsers pocket; there were six whole guineas and sixteen half guineas; they were in a leather purse. She kept a disorderly house. We went in there to get some girls; she and I were standing in the middle of the room; she was close to me; she asked me for two shillings for the bed; I gave her a half guinea to change; she went down stairs and then brought my change up; and put the remainder of the silver into my pocket.
From whence did you take that half guinea?
I took the purse out when I gave her the half guinea, and took the half guinea out of my purse and gave it her, and she gave me back my change; we were standing disputing about the girl; the girl was drunk whom I was to lie with, and I did not like to go to bed in the house. The prisoner took my money out of my pocket.
Did you see her do that?
When she took the purse I asked her what she was going to do with that; she said the girls were strangers to her, that they were clean, but she did not know for their honesty, and I had better let her have it till the morning; I told her I did not like such ways as that; she said she was landlady of the house, and her house and goods were good for that, and I should have it in the morning; I told her I did not like that, that I was capable of taking care of my money, and would have it myself; I offered to take it from her, and she went down stairs; I did not go down after her. In the morning when I came down to get my money she was gone from the house.
Did you ever get any of your money again?
No, I never got a farthing of it. I went that morning and acquainted Justice Sherwood's men of it; they went along with me, and we found her and the man that she used to keep company with in the Borough, at one Peter Cockran 's house; she was searched and three or four half guineas and a guinea were found upon her; she was searched by William Ellowby ; he returned her the money, and she had five or six gold rings in a box in her pocket; we brought her over the water to Justice Sherwood's; the justice was not at home that night; we went into a house; when we were there she sent to her sister; her sister got a press gang and they pressed us; her sister said, thank God the bougers are pressed; upon which the prisoner clapped her hands and said thank God the money is all my own.
How do you know that she had got a press-gang?
Her sister when she came into the house said thank God I have got both the bougers pressed.
Did you hear that said?
No.
Nor did you hear her say the money is all my own?
No.
Then you must not mention that. When was she taken up again?
She was put into the watch-house that night and taken before the justice next day.
Was you ever at this woman's house before?
No.
What induced you to go this evening as you did not know the prisoner nor her husband?
No.
What company did you take with you to this house?
One John Snowden , who had been in the house before, took me there; and William Atkins went along with us to the house.
Do you know such a woman as Susannah Trebit ?
Yes.
Did not you take her into the house?
No, the prisoner went and fetched her and another woman.
Do you remember the conversation that passed between you and the prisoner?
No.
Did not she tell you she was going the next day to Gosport?
No.
Then you say Susannah Trebit also is a stranger to you?
Yes.
Have you perfectly forgot the conversation that passed between you and Gould?
No such conversation passed between us; she never told me she was going to Gosport; her sister told me when we came down the next morning and asked for our money, that she believed she was gone on board the Nightingale to get a man off who was pressed.
You knew she was a married woman?
She said her husband had left her, and she kept that way for a living.
Did she appear to keep the house?
Yes.
What quantity of liquor might you have drank there?
I cannot tell what quantity.
Was not you upon the conclusion of the evening exceedingly intoxicated?
I was not drunk at all.
Then you drank a great quantity of liquor soberly?
Yes, what liquor it was; it was not an intoxicating liquor. Five of us had a bowl of punch.
Whether the prisoner Ann Gould did not give you some account of Susannah Trebit , who was in your company?
We asked if we could not have a girl; she said she would go and fetch a couple of girls.
Did you not say just now she told you she could answer for the health of these women but not for their honesty?
Yes.
Did not the prisoner tell you to be upon your guard, for Trebit was a notorious pickpocket?
No.
You deny that?
Yes.
Who was the woman you went up stairs with?
I do not know; the woman that I was to go to bed to was carried up stairs and laid upon the bed; she was quite drunk.
Was it Susannah Trebit ?
No.
How came you to recollect Susannah Trebit and not the other?
I have been in company with Trebit since.
How came you to go to bed and let the prisoner keep your money?
I thought it as well to let her keep it; there were two men in the room and we did not care to make a noise about it.
Then you suffered her to take your money without making any disturbance?
I made a disturbance in the room, and she ran down stairs; she said she was mistress of the house, and her goods and furniture were answerable for it if she ran away.
After she had got it you went quietly to bed?
No, I wanted my money.
If you had supposed Ann Gould had robbed you of your money should you have gone quietly to bed?
I was afraid to go out of doors and make a noise, for fear they should have a gang to press me.
You can tell whether it was against your will and consent?
It was against my inclination.
You positively deny that Gould had given you any account of Trebit?
She said the girls were strangers to her, they were clean, but she could not give an account of their honesty.
So you stood quietly and suffered Ann Gould to put her hand into your pocket and take your purse?
The purse was hanging out, and she whipped it out of my pocket.
You seem a stout man, why did not you follow her?
I was afraid if we made any noise in the house they would get a gang and press us; it was that kept me from going down stairs after her.
She took it, if I understand you, without your consent, that you would not consent to let her have it, when she attempted to persuade you to it; that she went down stairs, and you did not follow her because you was afraid of being pressed?
Yes.
How came you to be afraid of those two men pressing you?
I was afraid they might send one out for a gang.
He brought those two men along with him.
No, there were two men there, Michael Riley and Patrick Doyle , when we went into the house, and another man came in while we were there.
What are they?
I believe they follow coal-heaving.
Was your shipmate in the room when your purse was taken from you?
Yes.
He stood by and saw it?
He did.
Did not she assure you that she took it out to take care of it, and would give it you in the morning?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar, Ann Gould ?
Yes.
Was you ever at her house?
Yes; on the 17th of December.
Who went with you?
William Herring .
Were you drunk or sober when you went there?
Sober.
Had you been drinking before you came there?
We had had three pots of beer before we came there.
What happened to William Herring while you was there? did you see him pay for any thing?
He had paid for some liquor that we had had and we had some pork steaks for supper; we were to have a girl a-piece to go to bed with.
Were you to pay for the bed?
Yes; two shillings a bed.
Who demanded the money of you?
That girl (the prisoner.)
Did she demand any of Herring?
Yes, two shillings, which he paid; he wanted a guinea changed; she got change and gave him the change.
From whence did he take his money, was it in a purse or loose in his pocket?
I believe in his pocket loose; I did not observe that; I saw him give her a guinea; she brought him the change, she kept the half guinea and gave him the rest in silver; he had paid for the bed, then he had to pay her for the girl afterwards; then she slipped the purse out of his pocket, saying, what have you got here; he said it was his money; she said I insist upon keeping it till to-morrow; he said no, no, he would keep it himself.
How came she to see his purse?
I am not sure whether he took the guinea out of his pocket or out of the purse; but I saw him have the guinea in his hand and I saw the purse afterwards.
Did she give any reason why she would keep it?
She said she would keep it for him; there was no fear of it if it was fifty pounds, she said; no, no, said he, I would rather have my money, and I will have it.
Did she give any reason why she would take the purse and keep it for him?
No reason but that she would keep it till to-morrow morning; he would not let her have it.
Did he offer to take it from her again?
He asked for it, she would not let him have it; there were the two girls there at the time; she went down stairs.
Did he go down after her?
No.
What became of the half guinea; did she keep that half guinea?
Yes; she kept it all but the silver, she gave him that.
You do not know what money there was in the purse, or whether there was any?
I know what money was in the purse, she told it down into her own hand.
What became of it then; did she return the purse?
No; she would not return either purse or money, she put the money into it again.
How came she to tell it? Did she say any thing of this sort; I desire it to be known how much there is or what?
She told it to herself and said there is fourteen guineas of it.
Did she speak that out to all the company?
Yes; when she told it over he asked her for it, but she would not let him have it; the money ran in my head all night; I got up about six o'clock, I went down stairs and enquired of the landlady's sister whether the landlady was in the house; she said no; I asked where she was; she made no answer; I ran up and told him she was gone; he put his hand in his pocket and said she has got all my money, I said I know that.
How came he to put his hand into his pocket for the money, did he think it was in his pocket?
I suppose he did.
He thought it was in his pocket at first?
Yes; we both came down stairs together; we enquired of the sister where she was gone; the sister said that she and one Michael Riley were gone on board the Nightingale to look after a man who was pressed; I take it that was meant to get us to go and look after her that we might be pressed.
Was you pressed?
Yes; that might in looking after our money; the sister or somebody informed of us.
Where were you when you were pressed?
In Ratcliffe Highway.
In this house?
Yes.
Was you present when she was searched?
I was not.
What time of the evening was it when you first went to this public house?
It was not a public house she kept.
Was there no liquor sold there?
They went out for it and fetched what we sent for.
What time of the day did you first of all go there?
It was at dark.
Were you both perfectly sober when you went in?
Yes; we were newly come on shore, I was quite sober.
How was Herring?
He was sober too.
What quantity of liquor do you suppose you might have had?
I don't know how much he might have drank, I spent near to a guinea myself.
What that evening?
They took us in; they gave us little for money.
I suppose your friend Herring spent equal with you?
I suppose he spent more than me.
You could not be perfectly sober I suppose after drinking this ocean of liquor?
O yes I was nothing the worse; I had not drank much of it, the girls drank of it.
Do you know such a young woman as Susannah Trebit ?
Yes.
Did you know her before you went to this house?
No.
Who did she keep company with, you or Herring?
With me.
Who did Herring keep company with?
A girl that was very much in liquor.
Do you recollect Ann Gould waiting upon you backwards and forwards?
Yes; she was very busy seeking after the girls.
Do you remember Gould telling Herring to be upon his guard of the girl he was in company with?
Yes.
Did not Ann Gould tell him she was a bad woman; and he must take care of his pockets?
Yes; she did really.
When she took this purse up did he desire she would count the money, or he count it himself?
Herring said either give me the purse, or tell the money over. Herring said if you be for keeping my money let me have the pleasure of seeing how much there is of it.
Did Ann Gould in consequence of that tell the money over?
Yes; she told the money over before him, but then he said again give me my money.
After she had told the money he insisted upon having it again?
Yes; he thought she was only joking, he told her that he wanted the money.
Did she go away directly?
Yes.
You said Herring thought that he had the money in his pocket the next morning?
Yes; he put his hand in his pocket and said she has got my money; I said I know that; when I said that he recollected it.
I saw the prisoner take the purse out of the prosecutor's left hand pocket as his trowsers hung down, it wanted a button and a little bit hung out.
Had he pulled his purse out before for any purpose while you was there?
Yes.
Did you see him pay her any money?
He changed half a guinea with her, and she took two shillings for the bed.
When she took the purse out of his pocket what did he say?
He said what is that for; she said she would keep it for him till the next morning; that the girls were strangers to her; that they were clean, but that she would not answer for their honesty; he desired to have it again, she said no she would not let him have it at all; and went down stairs directly.
Do you know how much money there was?
The man said there was fourteen guineas.
You did not see it counted?
No; I did not I see it counted, nor do I know that it was counted.
Did you hear that it was?
No.
You was there all the time?
No; not all the time; I was there when she took it out and saw her go down stairs.
Then if the money was counted after she took it out you must have known it?
I do not know that it was.
Who was you with?
With the witness Snowden.
You did not go away till after she was gone down stairs?
I did not go away till after.
Was you perfectly sober?
Yes.
You had been with these people the whole afternoon?
No; not above an hour and an half.
Was you present when Gould made mention of your name, and said you had been in trouble?
Yes.
You did not hear her say you were strangers to her?
Yes; she said we were strangers to her, though we were clean girls.
I am a constable; Herring and Snowden came to me, and told me Herring had been robbed of fourteen guineas; I went on the other side of the water and found the prisoner at one Mr. Cockran's; Mr. Herring gave me charge of her and said that was the woman who had robbed him; I searched her and found a guinea, two or three half guineas upon her I don't know which; I brought her over the water to Justice Sherwood's; he was not at home, we had no hearing that night; I took her to the watch-house; her sister was with her; I desired her to go and get some things to put under her; she went and got some things, and came in clapping her hands, and said, I have got the bougres pressed; then Mrs. Gould made answer, the money is all my own they cannot affect me. There were three in company, and they all fell a clapping their hands in this manner (describing it) The next morning I told Justice Sherwood the transaction; Justice Sherwood wrote a letter to the captain of the ship they were carried on board of, and he surrendered them up to my custody.
Did she say on board of what vessel they were pressed?
No; only she had got a gang and they were pressed; we had not the woman in custody half an hour before they were pressed.
What became of the money?
I cannot tell what became of the money; I returned it to her immediately; the sister, in the presence of Mrs. Gould said, now I shall get forty shillings a head for each of them.
This was in the prisoner's hearing?
Yes; and in the presence of several more people.
It was merely upon the application of Gould's sister that these men were pressed?
I cannot say that.
Ann Gould did not make any secret of having the man's money?
She said she had never seen the money.
When was that?
The same evening.
Was it before or after the men were pressed?
She said that as soon as I had her in custody; I went down to the Nore to fetch these young men up; Ann Gould said they would be gone far enough before sessions.
I am headborough of the parish of St. Paul's Shadwell; I was sent for; hearing the seamen had been robbed of fourteen guineas I went to seek after the woman, and was informed she was gone over the water; I went over the water and found her at Cockran's playing at cards with one Riley a coal-heaver; we brought her over the water to Justice Sherwood's, and then took her to the watch-house; while she was in the watch-house her sister came in, clapped her hands, and said she had done the two bougres over, she had got them on board the tender; then Gould said, thank God for that, for the money is all my own. Herring went with us over the water to Cockran's, and as soon as he saw the prisoner he knew her.
I attend at Mr. Sherwood's office; I was at the apprehending of the prisoner on the other side of the water, and saw her in the watch-house; when her sister came in with some clothes for her she said she had got the two bougres pressed; Gould said, thank God, then the money is all my own.
You are sure she said so?
Yes; I was in the tap-room at the time.
I know nothing at all about the money; I left two girls in the room with him; I heard them talking of the money after I came down stairs; I have two witnesses to prove it.
What are you?
I go out to wash and work; I was last Thursday was three weeks at Mrs. Gould's; I slept with her; she wanted me to clean her house, she said she was going to Gosport to her husband.
How came you to be so particular about the day?
She used to have me once a a month to clean her house and to wash for her.
That was the 8th of December I believe?
I cannot say, it was last Thursday was three weeks; I did not see or hear any thing of the money; I slept with her that night.
Do you know any thing of William Herring ?
I do not indeed, I never saw him before.
You are very certain to the day?
I am very certain to the day; I always wash for her of a Thursday.
I am a mantua-maker; I worked for Mrs. Gould's family; I have worked in the house but never saw any thing but civility; she desired me the last work I did for her to make haste for she wanted to go down to her husband; I have known her about nine years, I never heard any ill of her in my life; she always paid me very justly.
Do you know her husband?
Yes.
Does he keep that house?
Yes; he is at sea; I knew him before he was married.
