On Wednesday night, the 19th of June, I was going from Berkeley-street, Portman-square, to Highgate. I went to New Norfolk-street, and staid, as I intended to go in the stage; but I was too late for the stage, so I was obliged to walk. When I was walking along the second field from Kentish-Town, a boy, who was lying down in the grass, started up: he said nothing to me, but passed me, and ran fast up the field. He was dressed in a brown coat, and a brown linen apron; his hat was pushed back from his face, so that I had a perfect view of his face.
Are you certain the prisoner is the person?
I believe him to be the man; he is very much like the man . When I came to the middle of the field, the prisoner stood before me; he made a horrid noise, and then he seized me by the throat with both his hands, and swore that if I was not quiet, he would kill me. He held me fast by one arm, and with the other he felt into both my pockets: he took out three handkerchiefs, and some silver; and he likewise took a bundle, which had in it four pair of dimity pockets, a linen apron, and 9 s. in money. He wa nted to take my cloak off, upon which I screamed out, and he ran away. (The wearing apparel was produced in Court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.) I saw these things a day or two after in Litchfield-street .
Do you swear positively to the prisoner?
It was a light night; I saw his face very plain: he kept me a great while; I believe him to be the person. I saw him afterwards at the office in Litchfield-street; he was in the parlour, along with other persons. I was desired to point out the man that robbed me; I pointed out the prisoner. I desired one of the people there, to ask him for a locket he stole from me; the prisoner immediately asked me, if it was wrapped in white lawn paper. I said, Yes. He said, he was sorry he had thrown it away; he said he was very drunk, and begged my pardon; but he appeared to be quite sober when he robbed me.
I know the prisoner very well. As I was passing through Soho-square, in company with Macdonald, the next morning after the prosecutrix was robbed, we met the prisoner with a bundle; we stopped him, and asked him what he had got; he said, Nothing, but an apron and a petticoat. I insisted upon seeing the contents of the bundle; he resisted that. After some altercation, and giving him several blows, he submitted to let us search the bundle; we found in it the things which have been produced: we found this brown linen apron (producing it) in his pocket.
A man came into a house where I was drinking in Leather-lane; he put the bundle upon the table, and went away and left it. I took the bundle up, and went to my lodgings; I was locked out, and so walked about all night. I met Dixon and Macdonald; they took the bundle from me. The next day they sent me to Chatham for a marine; the day after, the prosecutrix laid an information of her being robbed, and then they fetched me up again: they do it through spite.
