I keep a publick-house . On the 25th of January the prisoner was found in my house, in a two-pair-of-stairs room, at twelve o'clock at night; I was in bed at the time; I was called up, and saw her in the room. She said a gentleman had sent her up stairs and told her he would come to her soon.
I am servant to Mr. Twyne. On the 25th of January, about twelve o'clock at night or a little after, I was going to light a gentleman to bed; I heard a foot go up before me; I looked into the two pair-of-stairs room and saw the prisoner sitting in a chair just by the window, with her hands before her, and the things mentioned in the indictment were taken off the bed. I had a candle in my hand, and the gentleman I was\\ light\\ ing to bed was behind me. I went into the room and asked her how she came there; she said a gentleman sent her up there, that he was a tall thin man in brown clothes, with a toupee; that he bid her go up stairs and stay till morning, and he would let her out; that she was sitting on the stairs, but when she heard me coming up stairs, she went up and sat down in the room.
When had you been in the room before?
I made the bed that day, and put the things to rights. The other servants had been in the room to turn the bed down about ten o'clock. They are not here. The sheets were wrapped up on the bed, and the night-cap, pillow-case, and the towel were on the ground by the side of the bed. The bed was unmade, the sheets were on the bed, the pillow-case on the pillow when I made the bed. I imagine she was coming down with them, but on hearing me coming up stairs, returned into the room, and threw them on the bed. I asked her what she was doing with the things; she made me no answer.
On Tuesday the 25th of January, I stopped at the prosecutor's house. I followed the last witness into the room, and saw the prisoner sitting in the corner of the room by the window. The things were as she has described them. When she was asked about the things she made no answer. She said she was sent up there by a gentleman.
I have nothing to support me but singing of ballads. I came up to town to buy some ballads. I went to this house. I thought I could get a cast there in the morning to Hounslow for sixpence. A gentleman was making water at the door; he told me he would make me a handsome present if I would sleep with him all night, and bid me go up to this room. I went and sat on the stairs; I thought I heard him coming up, and went and sat down in the room.
What were the things worth that were taken off the bed?
Seven or eight shillings.
