I am a sawyer .
Are you married or a single man?
A single man. I was coming home from my work on this day sen'night at night between
ten and eleven o'clock. I went to a publick-house, the George, at the top of St. John's-street, which is a house I generally use. I left the George a little after ten o'clock. I was coming home, I met the prisoner in the street, near Hicks's-hall; she laid hold of me by the arm and asked me if I would take a walk and see her safe home.
Was you sober?
No; I was a little in liquor; I said I would go and see her safe home. I was rather in liquor, but was not drunk.
Where did you carry her to?
She carried me to her apartments in Moffet's-court, Turnbull-street , up one pair of stairs.
Was there a candle lighted?
Yes; there was a candle upon the table in the room when we went in.
How long did you stay there?
Between three and four minutes. I did nothing to her. I sat down by her side upon the bed; she saw the chain of my watch she gave a pull at it and pulled my watch out and ran down stairs.
You felt that?
Yes; I ran after her but could not catch her.
Are you sure the prisoner was the girl?
Yes.
Had you particularly observed her face?
Yes I had.
You was sitting down upon the bed by her?
I was.
When did you see her again?
Not till she was taken, which was three or four days after. Another girl her partner took my handkerchief off my neck and ran down the court with it; that girl was at the door, and she took off my handkerchief as I was going up with the prisoner; the prisoner said, I know the girl, I will get you your handkerchief again.
So they robbed you as you was going in of your handkerchief, and when you got in of your watch?
Yes; the prisoner had not been gone above five minutes before a man came up and said he was her husband. He was a drover in Smithfield; he banged me about; I could not get hold of him, if I could I would have secured him. I said to myself, this is very good fun to be beat and lose my watch too.
Where did you first see the prisoner again?
I took two of Justice Blackborough's runners with me, and we found her in the same apartments. This was the 9th I took her on the 15th.
Have you recovered your watch again?
No; I have not got a halfpenny worth.
He took up another girl instead of me, and swore at the justice's that she had got his watch and his two handkerchiefs; the girl came up for another hearing, he did not come up to appear against her so the girl was cleared; then he took me up I never set eyes on him.
To the prosecutor. Did you charge another girl with it?
Only the girl who took my handkerchief; I charged her with taking the handkerchief.
Are you sure you never charged the other girl with taking the watch?
No; only the handkerchief?
