On the 4th of this month I hung up some clothes in my yard to dry; I have a back house in the yard; the yard door was locked in which the clothes were; I went out for about an hour; when I came home, a little before five o'clock , my daughter and I went to fetch the things in, we found the door open, and missed four linen sheets and a Marseilles petticoat out of the yard. The sheets were mine; the petticoat was my daughter's; her husband's name is Abraham Clark . The prisoner lodged in my house; she had lodged there four weeks. I went up to her room; there was the prisoner, her daughter , and another woman. I went to the farther end of the room and clapped my hand upon two of my sheets that were upon the top of a cupboard; they were wet. I said they were my sheets. She said, No, you are mistaken, ma'am, for I have been a-washing. I asked for the petticoat. She said she knew nothing of it. There is a beauset in the room with a cupboard at the bottom, in which they keep coals and shavings; I stooped down and pulled the petticoat out from among the shavings; I never found the other sheets; I sent for a constable , and charged him with the prisoner.
I hung the clothes up about nine in the morning. I saw them about half after three, or a quarter before four. I missed them about half after five. I locked the door myself between three and four o'clock. I found the door wrenched open. I went up into the prisoner's room immediately, and found her drinking tea; there was another woman in the room, and her daughter a little girl; we found two of the sheets which I had hung up in the yard, in the morning, and my petticoat, in her room; when my mother found the sheets she said , these are my sheets; she jumped up and said, before God she was mistaken , that she had been washing and they were her own; when the petticoat was found, she said she did not know how it came there.
There was a woman in the room before I went up into it. I saw these things in the room. I know nothing how they came there.
