The property which is specified in that indictment has been taken out of an house belonging to Robert Aberdeen , Esq. who is now in the West Indies, in the service of his country; the house is in Dean-street, near South Audley-square, in the Parish of St. George . Upon his going abroad he requested that I would either deliver the lease to the landlord, or lett the house furnished; the house was surrendered to me on the 15th of June last. My son, and I, and another person took an inventory of every thing in and upon the premisses; I examined every thing very minutely; a person I intended to put in charge of the house had been at that time engaged, I shut up the house; there was no person left in it. A gentleman made application to me on the 27th to see the house; when I went to it I found that the lock of the street door had been forced, and the key hole was filled with horse dung. I sent a person down the area. I saw the door which leads to the kitchen below was open; he came up and let me in at the street door of the house. I found the principal part of the bolt of the lock was in the staple; the box of the lock was on the door; then I went up stairs and found that every thing specified in the indictment was carried off; we found a good many articles left packed up, ready for carrying away; we found the back part of the house open, and the detached stables were open; and through that part the goods were carried away.
Did they appear to be forced?
They did not. I advertised five guineas reward for a discovery of the parties; and some time in the beginning of July I received a letter from the office in Litchfield-street, desiring that I would be there at twelve o'clock. I went accordingly and saw these goods.
I was with my father, on the 15th of June in the evening, to shut up the house. On the 27th I was sent to open the house to a person who was desirous of viewing it. I found I could not gain admittance, the street door lock had been forced back from its place, the key would not go in, and the key hole was filled with dirt and dung. When I informed my father of the circumstance, he immediately concluded the house had been robbed.
On the 19th, 20th, and 21st of June I saw the prisoner carrying out the goods. I live with Miss Clayton, in Tinley-street, which adjoins this street. The first day I saw him carry out, to the best of my knowledge, a bed; he had it upon his back. The next day I saw him carry out a carpet. He had a parcel the 3d day, but what it was I cannot say.
What time of day did you see him?
To the best of my knowledge between one and two in the day.
Did he come out at the street-door?
No, the back-door, which answers to the kitchen; it is joining to the stables.
Did you know the prisoner before?
No.
Are you sure he is the person?
I am very confident; I looked particularly at him, and was amazed to see such a kind of man come to carry away the things. He had on a light green suit of clothes, very much faded.
I am a constable. On the 13th of July the prisoner was brought to the office in Litchfield-street, on a charge of stealing some lead from Portman-square. He was asked where he lived? He hesitated, at last he said he lived at Lambeth, and gave us a direction where. Mr. Bacchus and I went to his lodgings to see if we could find any locks or lead. When we came there I wondered to see the house so grandly furnished. I found there all the goods specified in the indictment; and we found this chissell (producing it.) Mr. Crosby and I tried it to some of the marks on Mr. Aberdeen's door, and it answered.
I was present with Grubb when he found these things in the prisoner's possession, and I was present when the chissell was tried to the door.
I am a broker by trade, I bought these things at different times, and paid for them.
I am a carver. I have known the prisoner two years. He has worked for me. I never had any reason to suspect his honesty, he is a carpenter and joiner.
I have known him near two years; I always took him to be a very honest industrious man. I understand him to be a cabinet maker.
Is he a broker?
No.
I am a clock-maker. I have known him three years and an half; he is a very honest, sober, good man.
I have known him between four and five years; he is a just, honest man. He is a carpenter and cabinet-maker, and such like.
A journeyman carpenter?
I cannot say that indeed.
To Mr. Crosby. What is the value of these goods?
They have been valued at forty pounds, and upwards.
