You live, I understand, at Hackney, in partnership with Mr. John Bole , and are an haberdasher there?
Yes.
Do you remember ever seeing the prisoner at your shop?
Yes.
Inform the court and jury of all that passed between you and the prisoner: when did he come to your house?
The 27th of November, 1781, he came to our shop about one o'clock in the day, and bought several articles, to the amount, I think, of 7 l. 12 s. 6 d. and he tendered this note for payment.
How do you know it to be the same note?
I know it by seeing him indorse it with the name of John Ward , at the Dun Horse, in the Borough; and farther, from our bill-book.
Did you take the bill of him, and give him the difference between that and the\\ amountof the goods he bought of you?
I did; I gave him the cash.
Did he say where he came from?
When we asked him, he said, he was to be heard of at the Dun Horse, in the Borough. He told my partner, when he was tying on the goods on his horse, that he lived at German-Town, in Norfolk, and followed the business of a farmer and grazier.
You keep a considerable shop at Hackney?
In the linen-drapery way, we keep a shop.
You have a great number of customers coming into that shop, in the course of a day?
We have.
How have you so well refreshed your memory, as to be able to speak to the person of the prisoner?
I have positively sworn to him, and so has my partner.
But what induces you to be so clear as to his person?
He is the same man that passed the bill with us.
When did you see him before?
At the Rotation-Office .
At the time you discounted this bill, you had no suspicion, I take for granted, that it was a bad bill?
We had not.
Then, was there any particular cause which induced you to take any particular notice of the man's countenance or features?
As I did not before know the person, I took more particular notice of him.
Then your reason for taking more particular notice of him was, because you did not know him?
Undoubtedly, when a stranger passes a bill with us.
Do you think you could swear to the persons of half the people that come into your shop?
I can positively swear to that man, that he is the man who passed the bill with us.
I never was in that man's shop in my life.
I am a clerk in the Bank.
Take that Bank post-bill into your hand; look at the acceptance of it; do you know Mr. Lateward?
Yes.
What is he?
He was a clerk in the Bank.
Do you know his hand-writing?
Very well .
Is that his hand-writing?
I am satisfied it is not.
Was that note issued by the Bank?
It was, but was not accepted by Mr. Lateward, nor any other clerk at the Bank.
You have seen Mr. Lateward write?
Yes, I fancy, a thousand times .
What induces you to swear that it is your opinion that this is not Mr. Lateward's hand-writing?
He wrote a very good free hand, and that is a stiff laboured hand.
Is there no similitude between this and the manner of his writing his name?
I cannot perceive that there is any in the cut of the letters.
Can you point out the difference?
Mr. Lateward wrote a free easy hand.
This appears to be a very free easy hand; is it not?
It does not appear so to me.
Then it is mere matter of opinion?
I am satisfied it is not his writing.
Don't you know, that men, writing sometimes with one pen, sometimes another, write more or less alike?
They may.
Is there any difference in this, as to the turn of the letters?
Mr. Lateward would have written a better hand with a worse pen, even almost with a skewer.
Can you point out a difference, as to the turn of any of the letters?
The N in Number is made different.
I am asking you as to the acceptance?
The letters may have the same turns.
You are of opinion that the letters in the name have the same turns?
They may.
Then all that induces you to swear as to the difference, is, that this is written rather stiffer than Mr. Lateward usually wrote his name?
A great deal.
Upon the whole of your observation, do you, upon your oath, believe it to be Mr. Lateward's handwriting or not?
I do not believe it to be his hand-writing.
You are an officer in the Bank?
Yes, in the cashier's office.
Do you know the person of the prisoner? have you ever seen him?
I believe I have.
Look at that bill: do you recollect having seen that bill any where before? and relate to the court and jury the circumstances attending it.
This bill was presented at a lottery-office in Holborn, where I was at the last lottery, by a person that wanted to insure.
Do you recollect on what day?
No: it was about the middle of the drawing of the lottery. I was standing near the person that he gave it to: I looked at it: I saw the acceptance was a forgery: I told him it was. I happened to look over that person he gave it to. Being acquainted with Mr. Lateward's hand-writing, it struck me immediately to be a forgery: I said so at the time.
Who was the person that produced that bill?
I believe the prisoner to be the man.
Have you any doubt about it?
Not much doubt; indeed, not any doubt.
Upon your making that observation, that the acceptance of Lateward was a forgery, what was said?
The prisoner seemed a little affronted, I thought, and told me, It was not. I told him, I was well acquainted with the hand-writing, and was positive it was. He said, If we did not like it, we were not obliged to take it; and he went away with it immediately.
Upon seeing it now, are you of the same opinion you were then, that this is not Mr. Lateward's hand-writing?
Yes, I am very clear that it is not.
How long have you belonged to the Bank?
About ten years.
How comes it that you are so very conversant with the hand-writing of Mr. Lateward?
I did business with him for a long time at the same book.
Is Mr. Lateward's name upon that bill?
The name of Mr. Lateward is; but it is not his writing, I am certain.
Are not the letters there turned in the same kind of way that Mr. Lateward usually wrote his name?
There may be some similitude in the turnings: he wrote a very fine free hand: the initial letters he used to cast with a pen in a very free and easy manner.
How long did you belong to this lottery-office?
I assisted in the evening at a lottery-office in Holborn.
Then it was in the evening that the prisoner brought that bill?
Yes.
Is it an office where a great deal of business was done?
Pretty well: not so much as at many.
There were a great concourse of people continually coming backwards and forwards in that office, were there not?
It was only a small office. There were a good many customers. I was only there to assist in the evenings.
What enables you to swear so positive to the person of this man?
I believe it to be him.
When you say you believe it, you mean to say you have a doubt?
No, I have no doubt; I believe him to be the man.
From what do you believe him to be the man?
I believe him to be the man: he wore a round head of hair; and I think he is the man.
You are a merchant, at Bristol?
Yes.
On the 17th of January do you remember to have dispatched any bills by the post?
On the 27th of January, I dispatched that bill, among many others, in a letter.
Was it then accepted by the proper person, whose name now appears to it?
I cannot pretend to speak positively to that; I do not recollect whether it was or not; but I believe it was not. I can swear that the name John Ward was not upon the back of it at the time it went from me.
You live at Draycot, in Staffordshire?
I do.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes.
How long have you known him?
From a boy.
Did you live in the same place with him?
Yes; I was born within a quarter or half a mile of him.
What is his name?
I say I never had the bill: I never was in that gentleman's shop. I have not had time to subpoena my witnesses, or I could have proved by witnesses where I was when the bill was paid away. I never wrote that name John Ward , nor at the Dun-horse, in my life.
