I live at the Hoxton-Town Coffee-house, at Hoxton ; my brother keeps the coffee-house. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) on Saturday the 15th of July. Between four and five o'clock, the prisoner called at our house with a friend; my brother asked them to walk into the coffee-room below; they replied no, they would go up stairs; they went up stairs into a long room; my brother followed them; there was an empty room between the room they were in, and the bed-room where the things were kept; the bed-room door was fast; they ordered tea; they waited about a quarter of an hour before the tea was ready; we suppose in that time they took the things; there was nobody up these stairs besides all that day.
One of the Jury. I was at Sir John Fielding 's when the prisoner was examined, and the witness could not swear to him then?
There were two persons taken up in Cheapside, I could not swear that they were the men.
Whether you did not say at Sir John Fielding 's you had taken up a man in Cheapside and carried him to the Compter?
Yes; he was taken before the Lord Mayor; there was nothing found upon him, he was acquitted. He was there and dined there by himself, but never was up stairs.
Did you swear he was one of the persons who drank the tea?
No, he only dined there. I took him up because I thought he might know this gentleman, because they would not go into the room where he was.
Though that gentleman was never up stairs, yet you took him up and lodged him in jail?
Yes. I thought he might know them.
How long after the 15th of July was it before he was taken up?
He was taken up on Friday the 18th of August, on Mr. Harris's account; we went on the Tuesday after.
I am the wife of William Frost ; my husband keeps the Hoxton-Town Coffee-house. I never saw the prisoner before the 15th of July; then he came to our house with a companion about four o'clock.
Did you lose any money?
Yes; forty guineas, about three pounds, and a Banknote. I saw it about twelve o'clock; it was in a box under the bed. I counted it; I took it from under the bed and put it in the drawer of a chest of drawers in the bed-room; the gold was in a little box, the silver was in a bag; we missed it in about two hours after the prisoner was gone, his companion went with him.
