I am a cobler ; on the 25th of November I came to work between the hours of eleven and twelve o'clock at a stall I keep in Lemon-street, Goodman's fields ; I found my door open and the lock forced off; it was a screw lock; I did not leave work till near eleven o'clock over night and then it was double locked; the lock lay within the stall; I went in and missed all my shoes except about three or four; there were eight or nine pair of men's shoes, and about three pair of women's shoes; I saw my property at Justice Wilmot's, some of it is missing; I lost two pair of pinchers and a great coat. On the Tuesday after Lucas and the accomplice were taken and the shoes were found upon them; they confessed who they had robbed; I was not present when they made the confession:
I am a patrole of Christ Church parish, Spitalfields; on Tuesday the 8th of November, about two in the morning, as three other patroles and I were going up White Row, we saw a light under the bottom of a door; we suspected some body was in that house that did not belong to it; two of us went round the back of the house, while the other two went and knocked at the door; Lucas and Davis strove to make their escape backwards, but we stopped them; when I took Lucas he offered me two guineas to let him go; I took him to the watch-house and he was confined; the next morning he was taken before the magistrate, and there was a search warrant granted to search his house; when we went we found nine pair of men's shoes and a woman's shoe and two pair of pinchers and an awl in his work shop underneath the bellows; he is a smith by trade; I found one pair upon his feet.
I went out on Saturday morning about six o'clock with Lucas; he took me to the cobler's stall in Lemon-street; Lucas picked the lock and went in.
Did not you know his intention?
Not till that morning; when he went in he handed me over three or four pair of shoes; then he filled his own apron and came out and shut the door; on the road he gave me some more shoes; there was a great coat and two pair of pinchers.
The great coat was not found.
To Davis. You went with him with a full knowledge of his intent?
Yes.
Are you sure that Lucas the prisoner picked the lock?
It was dark I could not see whether he picked it or no; the way he mostly used was to pick the lock; when the men took us I went with them and shewed them the stall.
The shoes were left by a shoemaker at our shop, he brought them in his apron; I desired him to put them in the basket till he called for them.
