I was at the Castle-Inn in Wood-street , I am book-keeper to the waggon. On Tuesday the 1st of February an alarm was given that a trunk was stolen from the Leeds coach , which was just come in.
What time was the alarm given?
About seven o'clock, between seven and eight.
Had you seen the trunk?
I had not seen it then. I ran down Wood-street to London-wall, and crossing over to Little Basinghall-street, I saw the prisoner with a trunk; I took him by the collar and asked him where he was going with that trunk? He said he was going to carry it for a gentleman. I said he had carried it far enough, and bid him put it down; he put it down and wanted to get away. There was a man on the opposite side of the street, whom he called Jones, who crossed the way with a stick in his hand; I called for assistance, and that man ran away when he saw some people coming up. I brought the prisoner and the trunk back to the Castle-Inn.
I never saw the watch before.
Did you see the trunk opened?
No; the constable did.
On Tuesday evening the 1st of February I came to the Castle-Inn; a few minutes after I got out of the coach, the trunk was missed. A book-keeper and some of the attendants at the inn went after it; the prisoner was brought back to the inn, with the trunk. I can only speak to the property.
How long was it after the trunk was missing that Worrell brought back the prisoner with it?
I suppose about five minutes.
Did you open the trunk?
Yes.
Is there nothing in court but the watch?
No, I have on the breeches and stocking; they were in the trunk.
Was the watch in the trunk?
It was.
Did you put up the trunk and put the watch in?
Yes.
Are you sure that is the watch?
Yes; I have the inventory of the things which were in the trunk; the trunk had not been opened when it was brought back.
Do you know the number of the watch?
I think, to the best of my remembrance, it is 623. made by Easton, of London. There are two seals to it, one seal has a cypher. I am sure the watch and seal are mine.
Did you see the prisoner before the trunk was missing?
I did not.
Did you see any body of the name of Jones?
No.
I am the coachman. I brought this trunk; they took it out of the coach and set it down in the yard; it was gone in less than five minutes after.
Did you see nobody in the yard?
No, only the book-keeper and I.
Did you see nobody of the name of Jones?
No.
The coachman asked me to hand the trunk down from behind the coach on the floor, which I did; then we carried an hamper into the warehouse; when we came back the trunk was gone. I asked Worrell and the other man to go after the man; they brought him back, and he was delivered to the constable.
I am a constable. They gave me charge of the prisoner on the first of this month, for stealing an hair trunk; I took him to the Compter.
My principal witness is not here; she is gone down to Portsmouth; she will be here in a week or two. I made application to the court to put my tryal off.
