In the month of May, in consequence of an information myself and three or four more went to the house of the prisoner in Plough-court, Carey-street . I knocked at the door, a little girl let me in; I asked \"if Mr. \"Norton was at home? \"- \"She said no; he \"was just gone out.\" I saw Mrs. Norton coming out of the cellar; I delivered her into the charge of one of the constables and ran down into the cellar; there were three cellars; in the farther cellar I found one Story, a soldier in the Guards, cutting out blanks; after securing him I came back to the cellar close to the bottom of the stairs, there I saw a large press fixed with dies in it, and a fly ready for striking the impression upon halfpence; there were a quantity of dies laid round the place, and these counterfeit halfpence; lay scattered about the press. I found a parcel upon a shelf on one side of the stai rs which had been badly struck and were laid by as waste; in the two pair of stairs closet we found three pair of dies; a quantity of blanks, and the cecil they were cut out of, the whole apparatus was complete.
You never saw the prisoner there?
No; I should have known him very well if I had happened to see him.
I went to this house in Plough-court. In the cellar, at the bottom of the stairs, there was a large press fixed for stamping the impressions; and in another cellar there was a small press for cutting out the round blanks. These halfpence I found close by a water-tub, which was close to the fly. Every thing was as complete for coining halfpence as could be.
When was Norton taken up?
I met with him and took him up about a fortnight ago.
Was there any way to get into the cellar but through the house?
No. Whoever lived in that house must know that there was a large press in that cellar, for by throwing the fly, part of the wainscot in the cellar was broke out to give it room to work.
What light was there in the cellar?
It is dark, but is light enough to work without a candle.
Could any man have taken that cellar, or these cellars of the owner of the house, for any purpose of working, or any other purpose?
There was a kind of a small kitchen and dresser, where was a quantity of dies.
I am one of the moniers of the mint. All the halfpence produced in court are counterfeit.
Do you know the house these witnesses have been speaking of?
Yes, it belongs to me. At Michaelmas, 1779, I let it to the prisoner.
Was he in possesion of it in May last?
He did not quit it till last Michaelmas; they took away their goods at night, just before Michaelmas day. They sent the key to me on Michaelmas day last.
Do you know of his living there?
No. I never saw him there. He came in the evening and took the house of me; he signed an agreement, which I have here, I am almost certain he is the man.
You are certain that is the man who took the house?
I never saw the man but once.
A person of that name took the house?
A person of this man's size and appearance; I believe him to be the man. When I heard they had been detected in coining, I went after my rent; I could never see him, but I saw his wife frequently. After they sent us the key we found almost an hat full of counterfeit halfpence in the cellar.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
I have known the prisoner between two and three years.
Do you know where he lodged last?
Yes, he lodged at the house I lodged at; he came there a little after Christmas; in George-street, Gravel-lane. I did not leave it till July. He lodged there when I left it.
Do you know of any difference between him and his wife?
Not of my own knowledge. His wife did not lodge with him in that house.
What are you?
A carpenter. I live at No. 2, Founder's-court, Lothbury.
A master or journeyman?
I get jobs of my own.
You know this man's hand-writing very well, don't you?
I have seen his handwriting.
What business is he?
I understand he was something in the watch way.
Understand! what, don't you know what trade he is, though you have known him between two and three years? (He is shewn the agreement for the house) is that his handwriting?
It may be like his handwriting.
Do you believe it to be his hand-writing?
I believe it is like it.
You was intimate with him?
I have seen him at times.
Is he a man of property, so as to have more houses than one?
I never looked upon him to be a man of property.
Did not you know of his having an house in Plough-court?
Never.
What makes you recollect that he lived in Gravel-lane last Christmas and up to May?
He lived there after I left it.
Do you know what family he has?
I believe a child or two and a wife.
Did the child live with him or his wife?
I do not know; I know nothing about the family affairs; their connexions and mine were not very close. He had no family came after him there that I ever saw. I have heard him say he had children. Our acquaintance was but very small. I have seen a woman come after him.
And his child?
No.
Upon your oath do not you live in Surry now?
I do not; I live in Lothbury.
You have no lodging in Surry?
None, nor have since July last. I have lived at the Crown, the corner of Gravel-lane, in George-street, the Surry side of Black Friars-bridge.
What part of the house did the prisoner live in?
In the fore-room, in which I lived before I left that room and went into another.
Did he sleep there?
He did.
Regularly?
He used to sleep there the same as I did.
Did you use to spend your evenings together?
Sometimes.
You never saw any of his family?
Never.
I have known the prisoner three or four years.
Do you know where he lodged in May last?
Over the water, at a publick-house, in George-street.
Did his wife lodge with him?
No.
Do you know whether he lodged there all last summer?
I believe he did.
Did he lodge there all last summer?
He did.
Did he lodge there in the month of May last?
He did. I heard him say he never would live with her any more, because she had been frequently seen with another man.
When had they the difference?
About Christmas.
Where do you live?
I keep the Red Lyon, in White-horse-alley, Cow-cross.
Did you use to see him frequently?
He used to come frequently to our house.
You had it from him where he lodged?
I have been with him where he lodged. I was there with him sometime about June.
What was his employment?
Something in the watch way.
I am a mantua-maker. I worked for the prisoner's wife.
Do you know where the prisoner lodged since Christmas last?
I never saw his lodgings. I have known him from a boy; he bore a fair character, for all I ever knew. I knew his wife and him both.
Perhaps you can tell whether his wife and he parted?
I have been at the house in Plough-court to her, but I never I saw him there in my life, and I have seen a man there when I have gone there, who she told me was a custom-house officer. She said she would not live with him any more; he did not use her well.
Where do you live?
In Long-lane, Smithfield, No. 24. My husband keeps that house.
What business is the prisoner?
He makes watch-cases and seals.
Where did he serve his apprenticeship?
In Birmingham.
Did you live at Birmingham?
Within four miles of Birmingham. I have been in London five years.
Have you kept up your acquaintance ever since?
A slight acquaintance.
Have you ever been at his house?
I have been at the house in Plough-court several times, but I was never in the house he lived in.
Perhaps you know his hand-writing?
I never saw him write.
Did not she say how kind he was to take the house for her in Plough-court?
I know nothing about that.
When did they tell you how this quarrel was?
I know it was since Christmas. They have both separately told me of it. She said she would not live with him any more.
