I live at Farnborough; I lost a brown gelding the 19th of June from Farnborough-Common .
When had you seen him there before?
At nine the evening of the 19th; I missed him at eight the next evening; I found him again at the Rose, in Smithfield, about ten days after I lost him; I know not how he came there; I have seen the prisoner in the country, but not at that time; I am quite sure the horse I found at the Rose was my horse; he was crop eared and broken kneed, and blind, and a hand brush tail.
Any white legs?
No.
I am a day labouring man; I came to Smithfield to sell a horse; I saw this horse in Smithfield on the 30th of June exposed to sale; there was a boy on the horse; he said, here is my father, and his father went and fetched the owner; then I took the prisoner down to the Rose.
Did the prisoner say he was the owner of the horse?
Yes.
What did he say?
He said, he bought him at Cambridge fair, and gave a guinea and an half for him; he was exposed openly to sale in the market; I am sure it was Mr. Lee's horse.
I am a patrol of St. Sepulchres; I asked the man how he came by the horse, and whether it was his property; he said it was; I then asked him where he bought it, he said, at Cambridge fair, and he gave a guinea and an half for him; I asked him if he had tolled the horse in the fair, he said, no.
I know no more about it than taking the prisoner; he told me he bought him at Cambridge fair; and that nobody saw him buy him; and that he never tolled the horse, which I understand to be booking of him.
When is Cambridge fair?
On the 24th of June.
I bought the horse at Cambridge fair of a tinker; that is the receipt he gave me for it; I cannot read.
Have you ever sent for this man?
It is impossible for me to send for him; I do not know where to find him if I had; when I brought this horse up, I gave him to one John Hendrick to sell for me; he will give me a character.
I know the prisoner; he buys and sells low priced horses; and I have sold two or three for him before this; I never heard a bad character of him, he always paid me.
