I am a coachmaster in partnership with Thomas Hillyard , who lives at Northampton. I was called up on the 10th of March, and told that my warehouse was broken open. I got up and went to the warehouse, which is in the Ram-yard in Smithfield , and found the door open. I took the key out to lock the door, as there were some goods in it of consequence, but the key would not lock it. I was told the prisoner was in custody at the Rose in Smithfield. I went; and he was searched, and three pick-lock keys found upon him, one of which fitted the lock very well; there were two parcels of goods lost out of the warehouse according to the book.
You say this warehouse is at the Ram, is it a room that adjoins to the house, or in the house?
It is adjoining to the house, there is a stair-case comes out of the house into it.
Is it on the ground floor or up stairs?
On the ground floor.
Are there any rooms over it?
Yes.
What are they?
Lodging rooms.
Are they a part of the house?
They are.
So you keep the keys?
I keep a key to go in in the morning; I do not book the goods over night.
Does the master of the house keep a key?
Yes; he is book keeper to the goods.
What is the name of the master of the house?
John Wildman .
I am servant to Mr. Hall, a lamb butcher; upon the 10th of March, about half after four in the morning, coming up the Ram-yard with a candle in my hand; I saw two men lurking about the top of the yard. I thought they wanted to steal some lambs, as we had lost some before. I went back down the yard, and told my master there were two men in the yard whom I suspected wanted to steal a lamb; we went back from the farther end of the yard through the gate-way, with candles in our hands, and went into the next inn; the prisoner was then standing under the gate-way pretending to make water; when we came into the Rose-Inn I said to my master, that is one of the men, the other is at the top of the yard. He said, don't you know him? I said no; he said, don't you know the iron shop in Peter-street? I said yes; is it Pentycross? He said yes. I said, I thought he was transported. My master then bid me blow my candle out and watch him, which I did; and in two or three minutes I saw the prisoner come out of the warehouse with a box, and a parcel on the top of the box; he went out of the yard into the street; I took him by the arm, and said, what have you got there? He said, what business had I with that? that they were his own goods. He said did you ever see such a rascal to stop a man with his own property? I laid hold of him, and took him into the Rose-inn with the things under his arm; he laid them down on the dresser; and I went and called Mr. Wildman's people up at the Ram, and told them the warehouse was broke open. Mr. Wildman's son came to the publick-house; and the things were delivered to the constable by the watchman. I saw him deliver them. When we had him in the kitchen, and Mr. Wildman's son came and brought the book, he said, I know the things very well; I booked them myself over night. Mr. Nourse came, and they searched him and found three pick-lock keys in his pocket, which, upon trial, unlocked the door.
The man in the yard might see you go backwards and forwards very well?
Yes.
Did you see any body else?
Yes; there was another man with him, when I took hold of the prisoner; he ran away.
What distance was you from the prisoner when he came out of the warehouse?
About eight or ten yards.
Is the door of the warehouse in the yard or in the passage?
It is in the gate-way going into the yard, there is a door comes out in the gate-way.
Your father is book keeper to this warehouse?
I book the parcels, and take places for the coach; we do not call ourselves book-keepers.
Who keeps the key of the warehouse?
It is left at the bar of my father's house.
Do you remember these parcels being in the warehouse?
Yes. I booked them. I think it was the 10th of March.
How long before the things were found upon Pentycross?
The night before.
Are you sure you put them in the warehouse the night before?
Yes; one was directed to Mrs. Perrot Terrington near Newport-Pagnel, Bucks; the other for Mr. John Bailey , Northampton; they were to go by the Northampton coach.
Who was present when they were opened before the alderman?
I was; it contained all the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them)
This warehouse has a door into the street?
Into the gate-way; there is a communication into it out of the house.
Did you make use of this door into the house when it was a warehouse?
No.
Do you remember your young man telling you that there were two men lurking about the yard?
Yes; we went down the yard; I desired him if he saw any body he thought to be about no good, to tell me of it; he came to me as I was at the pen in the yard.
How far is that from the warehouse?
About ten yards. He told me there was a man or two in the yard whom he had some suspicion of. I went up the yard, through the gate-way, and saw Pentycross standing under the gate-way, about a yard or two from the warehouse door, as if he was making water. I passed him, and went into the Rose, the next inn. I said to my man, that is Penty-cross, watch him; he went out, and soon after I went down the yard, I did not see any man. I had not been in the yard above five minutes before a butcher came and told me my man had taken a person on suspicion as a thief. I went into the publick-house and saw the prisoner in custody, and the things on the dresser.
What o'clock in the morning was this?
Between four or five, rather nearer four than five, I believe.
Was it day-break?
I do not know that it was, I believe it was dark.
I am servant to Mr. Webster who keeps the Rose in Smithfield; as I was taking down the shutters I saw Mr. Hall's man take the prisoner with the parcels under his arm; he asked him where he got them? He said, what business had he with his property.
What time was this?
Between four and five.
Before day?
Yes; before day.
I am servant to Mr. Harrison. I carried the parcel directed to John Bailey to the inn on the 9th of March in the evening. I delivered it at the bar of the Ram-inn; it was a paper parcel containing a piece of gauze and a piece of white ribbon.
Who wrote the direction?
My master's nephew.
Is that his hand writing?
Yes. I know it very well.
You have sworn you saw me in the warehouse?
No. I saw you come out of the warehouse.
Did not you desire me to take these things to Mr. Cross?
No.
Do you know the Windmill in Leather-lane?
No.
Do you know Richard Mailling ?
No.
Do you know Mr. Baxter?
No; what Baxter?
The publican at Cow-cross?
I have been there.
Have you ever conversed with Elizabeth Parker about this prosecution?
Yes.
When you desired me to hold these things for Thomas Cross , had not Mailling and you had some conversation about it the day before?
I do not know what you are talking about.
On Friday the 10th of March in the morning between five and six o'clock. I was going to Mr. Terry's, the pot-warehouse at Deptford, with my partner John Cox ; as I was going by the Ram-inn Beldom came to me and desired me to receive this box and parcel for Mr. Cross, who was going by the Northampton coach; and gave me two keys; as soon as I had got to the door he called to Mailling and said, here he is, I will send him to your place, and he took hold of me and carried me to the watch-house; they accused me of things I knew nothing of; and they said then they had me in their power to hang me. Richard Mailling , in September last, was convicted of buying my patterns that were taken out of my house in March last. William Walker , my nephew, and Canton were tried, and Walker was found guilty. Mailling used me very ill; I could never get my patterns from him; he was tried afterwards; the first time there was a flaw in the indictment, and he was acquitted; the second time he was indicted and found guilty; and after he was found guilty he put a knife into his throat; he recovered; and when Beldom took me, he said he had me in his power to hang me. I said my partner Mr. Cox was with me, and could tell where I got the things; they said they had got him pressed, and that now he could be of no service to me. On the Monday Cox was discharged, and was before the alderman, and told the affair: will your lordship be pleased to hear what he has to say. The clock struck five before I got out of bed to go to Deptford that morning. I hope you will look into this affair; it is Mailling and Beldom's doing. I saw Mailling as soon as I was taken to Guildhall; the moment I got in he set upon me, and said now he had me.
I was at the examination of Pentycross.
What did Beldom say before the alderman?
I listened to the evidence he gave; I think it was much the same he has given now. I have known the prisoner ever since he came into the neighbourhood, I looked upon him and his partner as industrious hard working men.
