On the 8th of November last, I saw the prisoner in his lodgings, playing at cards, at No. 15, in Church-lane ; he has been in custody ever since. This is a copy of the record of the conviction, which I had from Mr. Shelton.
I was with James Fagan .
I know the prisoner; he was tried in September, 1785, for stealing a white counterpane, the property of Mr. Hill; am sure he is the same man; I was present when he was ordered to be transported.
Before my time was expired, I fell into a sickness for two months, and I had a pardon on condition of transporting myself.
He had a pardon on condition of transporting himself; he was discharged the beginning of March.
The pardon should have been in Court that we might see the time limited.
It was in twenty days.
We cannot take parol evidence of that.
How came you not to go abroad?
My Lord, sickness prevented me for very near two months; I have people to prove that, but I do not know whether they are come or not.
At whose house did he lodge?
At Mr. Gregg's, No. 15.
I did not expect to be tried to day.
How long did you continue sick?
Near two months, and afterwards it was want of money prevented me.
Gentlemen, the single question for you to determine is, whether this man is the same man that was tried at the time stated in the indictment, which was September, 1785, and received sentence of transportation, and whether he was at large within the kingdom without any lawful cause within that time; now it is proved, that he is the same man that was tried, and received such sentence, and it is proved that he was apprehended at large before the expiration of that term; now the cause that he himself alledges, does not go to an absolute defence, even if his witnesses were here to prove it; therefore if you believe these witnesses, it proves him guilty of the charge.
We wish to know whether he was ill down to the time he was to transport himself.
It is clear no sickness would amount to an acquittal, except such as clearly rendered it impossible: now he himself states that he was ill two months; he was discharged in March, and apprehended in November.
There will be an opportunity of enquiring into the truth of the fact, for the information of his Majesty.
If you have any body to account for your being found at large, though it would not amount to a defence here, yet it may be stated in a petition to the King your Sovereign.
