On the 17th of February, as Mr. Laurence, his sister and daughter, and Mrs. Hart, Miss Hart and I, were returning in a coach from Hays in Middlesex, we were stopped by two footpads, at Kensington Gravel Pits ; it was near seven o'clock in the evening one came on my side and said your money! your money! The window was up. One of the persons in the coach, I believe Miss Hart, put it down; he opened the door. I gave him my money, I believe there was a guinea and a half in gold, and a guinea's worth of silver, or very near it, and my cane, which was mounted with silver, was taken out of the coach; I had it not in my hand.
What sort of a night was it?
Lightish, so as to see the faces of the men very well.
Was there any moon?
It was not what you may call moon-light, the moon was just rising.
Could you see the face plainly?
I saw the face very plain.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man?
I am not very sure; I think he is the man; I cannot positively swear to him; he is very much like him; he was rather disguised; he had a large great coat on, and a handkerchief about his neck.
What colour was the handkerchief?
A whitish one.
Could you see any thing of his cloaths?
No.
Did you observe any thing of his hair or wig?
No; in giving him my money I rather dropped it than gave it him. He had a cutlass in his hand, with which he struck me and cut my face. He said is this the way to give your money? and made use of some imprecation; and just then it was that he gave me the cut.
Before Sir John Fielding he said he was very much in liquor.
Did you find your cane or any thing again?
Nothing at all; we were sent for to Justice Welch and saw some canes, they were not ours. I saw another man on the other side of the coach, he is not taken.
He alludes to what you said before Sir John Fielding ?
I said no such thing; my uncle, the other person in the coach, was a little in liquor; I was as sober as I am now.
It was at night?
It was.
You say you saw no moon, was it a cloudy night?
It was light.
Was the handkerchief higher than his chin?
The collar of his coat was over his chin, and the handkerchief was under it.
What was the size of the person who robbed you?
About the size of the prisoner.
Did not you say before the justice he was larger?
No.
What is your uncle's name?
Jacob Lawrence .
He was in liquor?
He was rather in liquor.
On which side of the coach did he sit?
He sat facing me on the same side of the coach.
I went to Hayes on the 17th of February, in company with George Worthy ; I am his uncle. We were stopped a few paces on this side the two mile stone on the other side the Gravel Pits, nearer Lord Holland's Park-pales. I was rather dozing when these fellows came up.
Was there one or two men?
Two men; the man that came on my side had a bludgeon in his hand; he was a stout man; he made a noise at the door, and got it open. I said, what the devil is the matter; what do you want? He demanded my money.
On which side did you sit?
Mrs. Hart, my sister and I, sat facing the horses; Miss Hart, my nephew, and my daughter, facing of us.
What is your sister's name?
Isabella Lawrence.
You was coming towards London?
Yes.
Did you sit on the left hand side, or the right?
The left hand next the door.
Who sat fronting you?
My daughter.
The man that came up had a bludgeon?
Yes, on my side; the man on the other side had a cutlass.
The man that demanded your money and had the bludgeon was not the prisoner?
No. I made a noise at the coachman for not going on, and the fellow with the cutlass d - d my eyes, and blasted my eyes, and said, give me your watches! and he came round to my side to assist the man with the bludgeon.
You scolded the coachman for stopping?
Yes, because we were but five or six yards from the Plough.
On your saying so the other man came round to your side?
Yes. My nephew not giving the money in the manner he liked, the man made a blow at him with the cutlass, and cut his nose; and cut my hat as it lay on my daughter's knee.
Was you near your nephew?
He sat in the middle, between Miss Hart and my daughter, one of them took both my nephew's cane and mine.
Did you perceive the man?
I cannot swear positively to this man.
How long might the man be on your side of the coach?
They were very near half an hour in the whole; the man with the cutlass had my money.
Was you fuddled or sober?
I was not very well, the dinner I did not like.
Was you in liquor at all?
I had drank to be sure.
Was you at all concerned in liquor?
I was a little.
Was you so much concerned in liquor as to affect your memory or understanding?
No. I was very angry at the coachman for stopping.
On Thursday the 17th of February, I was in the coach with Mr. Worthy; we were stopped about seven o'clock in the evening; it was a very fine night; the moon was just rising. The prisoner was the man who robbed me. I saw his face as clear as I see any person's present.
Who was it who robbed Mr. Worthy?
I cannot say; it was on the opposite side Mr. Worthy was robbed; the prisoner was on my side.
Was the prisoner only on one side or on both sides of the coach?
He was on both sides.
How came he to change sides?
First of all the prisoner came on my side, and with some imprecations demanded my money; his left hand was on the coach door, and his right hand had a cutlass in it.
What had the other man?
I did not see any thing of him; he was not on my side.
You are vere sure the prisoner had a cutlass in his hand?
I am very certain of it, it was in his right hand when he demanded my money. I clapped my hand on his. I said, for God's sake do not do any mischief; what I have got I will give you; and gave him my purse. I desired my daughter to give him her purse, which she did. Mr. Worthy and Mr. Lawrence making some resistance, he went on the other side.
Did you see him do any thing?
No. Mr. Lawrence got up, and being pretty big he could not stand up in the coach; he leaned over that I could not see the man. I heard the prisoner say d - n it, I will have your money!
Was he between the man with the cutlass and Mr. Worthy?
Mr. Worthy sat in the middle and Mr. Lawrence at the coach door; he leaned over his daughter.
That prevented your seeing him?
Yes. Mr. Lawrence put his hand in his pocket and gave him what money he had. Mr. Worthy said, if you will have the money you must have it; he put his hand into his pocket and instead of giving him his money he threw it in; in throwing it, I suppose, some must have fell to the ground, the prisoner said, d - n you, is that the way you give it, and immediately upon that Mr. Worthy received the wound. After he had wounded Mr. Worthy he came round on my side again. Mr. Lawrence's sister had given up her money, but refused to deliver her pocket book.
Your daughter sat opposite you?
Yes, he came round to the coach door and said Madam, I will have your pocket book? She said, you shall not; but (says he) I will; and he opened the door immediately, with the cutlass in his hand. I caught hold of his arm and said, for Christ's sake do not murder us all! He looked at me and I at him. He said, Madam, I will not hurt you, but I will have the lady's pocket book; that was the second time I saw his face. I saw him three times. I am very certain, I have not the least scruple, that he is the man.
You caught hold of his arm who had the cutlass?
Yes.
Did he take the pocket book at last?
He got it, but she had the courage to snatch it out of his hand again. I said, for God's sake give your pocket book, or we shall be murdered. She said, she would not; then he got immediately out of the coach; in struggling to get the pocket book from her he dragged my cloak off, and took it with him; he then shut the door, looked into the coach, and felt in my daughter's lap. I said, we had nothing left, he had taken all the money I had in the world, and I had a full view of him. He shut the cloak in. He came back and opened the door to get the cloak out; and then I had another full view of him.
Did he take the cloak away?
Yes.
You have not a doubt about him?
No.
Did not you say at Sir John Fielding 's that the man was bigger and stouter than me?
I said no such thing; when we went to the Brown Bear, opposite Sir John Fielding 's, I was brought there to see if I knew the prisoner; there was a parcel of men there; one came to me, whom I thought might be a companion of his, and said, Ma'am, do you know the prisoner? I said, I did not; I thought it was time enough when I came before the justice.
Was not you very much frightened?
I owe it to the goodness of God that I was not till I heard Mr. Worthy groan, that frightened me more than the thieves.
Was not the man muffled up?
He had a great coat on, and a blue and white cheque handkerchief pinned a cross his chin.
How was the cape of his coat?
The coat he had on was a chocolate coloured surtout coat.
It had a cape?
I believe it had, I cannot be sure of that.
The blue and white handkerchief was over his mouth?
Yes; the second time it had slipped down and I had a full view of his face.
Who was robbed first?
I was robbed first.
Who was robbed next?
I believe, my daughter.
Who next?
I believe Mr. Lawrence, and I believe Mr. Worthy immediately after.
This took up some time?
I look upon it to be, as near as I am capable of judging, twenty minutes, or rather more.
Do you remember any body riding by on horseback?
I do; a man rode by, the coachman spoke to him, and told him he had been robbed.
Had any body said any thing to the coachman, blaming him for stopping?
Mr. Lawrence made a deal of fuss with the coachman, and was angry he did not drive on.
Do you remember the robbery on the 17th of February?
Yes.
Did you see any of the persons concerned whom you should know again?
Yes, the prisoner.
Are you sure it was him?
Yes.
Which side of the coach did he come on first?
That side I sat on first.
Who sat opposite you?
My mama.
Who did he rob first?
My mama.
Did you give your money of your own accord, or did any body bid you?
He asked me for it and I gave it him; directly after he had robbed me, he went round to the other side of the coach, because the gentlemen were making some resistance.
You mean Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Worthy, I suppose?
Yes.
Did they refuse to give him some money, or what noise did they make?
Mr. Lawrence was making a noise at the coachman. I do not know that Mr. Worthy refused to give him his money.
Did you observe him fully the first time, or what did you observe of him?
I saw him fully the first time, but I saw him very plain the second time; he stayed a long while the second time.
Did you see any body else robbed?
My mama.
Did you see Mr. Worthy robbed?
I saw Mr. Worthy give his money; as he gave it, some of it dropped to the ground.
What was done in consequence of that?
The prisoner swore and said, is that the way you give your money? and immediately wounded Mr. Worthy with a cutlass. While the highwaymen were talking a watch was tossed into my lap, which I concealed; he came round to the door again, and felt in my lap, and felt under my apron, and in my pocket.
Had you an opportunity of seeing him then?
Very plain. He put the cutlass into the coach, on our side, and cut my gloves through.
He did not get into the coach, did he?
He put his foot on one of the steps.
What did he say to Mrs. Lawrence and she to him?
He said, he would have her pocket book. She said he should not have it. He did not get the pocket book at last; and he snatched my mama's cloak, which lay some how in her lap.
That was in the scuffle?
It was the second time he came to our side.
What became of the cloak then, did he take it in his hand?
He took it and shut the door again, and took the cloak out.
You saw his face again at that time?
Yes, I did.
Have you any doubt in the world about the person?
No.
Was not you very much frightened?
No, I was very little frightened.
Did not your being frightened prevent your power of judging?
No, it took more effect on me afterwards than it did then.
Was not the man muffled up?
He had a handkerchief round his chin; when he came the second time that was off.
Had he a hat on?
Yes.
Did not that prevent your seeing his face?
No.
Had he a great coat on?
Yes, a surtout coat.
You do not know whether had a cape or not?
I believe there are few coats without.
You was in the coach with the other people on the 17th of February?
Yes.
Was it light enough for you to see the person?
Yes it was light enough to see him; I did see him but only once. I believe him to be the man. I looked him full in the face when he took the pocketbook out of my pocket and pincase, that was the only time I saw him. He was of a thin face, and a swarthy complexion. I believe the prisoner to be the man.
You saw his cutlass?
Yes.
Was you in the coach with your mother?
Yes.
Did you take notice of the person who took your mother's pocket-book away?
Yes, to the best of my recollection, the prisoner is the man.
Had you an opportunity of seeing his face?
Yes, I had a full view of him. I cannot positively say he is the man, but from his features and his stature I believe he is the man.
I was at my lodgings at Ealing that day. Would it not have been very proper for the coachman to attend as well as at the office. He declared I was not one of the men. I have subpoena'd him; his name is Samuel Downs ; I do not know whether he is here.
The coachman was committed at Sir John Fielding 's; they thought he was an accomplice. I engaged the coach the night before. The coachman who drove the coach was present when I hired it. The coachman got off his coach-box, and stood by the men while they committed the robbery.
The time this robbery was committed I was incapable of committing such a robbery. On the Wednesday evening I had a terrible head-ach; I was never out of the house but to get a pitcher of water. I was not out till Saturday morning, when the officers came to apprehend me.
I am a hair-dresser at Ealing.
Did you happen to be going by on horseback at the time of this robbery?
Yes. I had been to May-fair, and was returning about eight o'clock in the evening; about an hundred yards on the other side of the turnpike, I heard the cry of thieves and murther! I rode up to the coach, the coachman said he had been robbed; and described the man to me. He asked me to lend him my horse to pursue them; I refused to let him have it because I thought it would be dangerous to pursue them, as they were armed. The coach was standing still where it had been robbed. I had not gone above an hundred yards before I overtook two men, whom I supposed to be the men; they did not molest me. It was a light night. I am positive they must be the men; one was taller than the prisoner, and the other about my size. I particularly remarked the size of the men. They thought I was in pursuit of them, and got out of the footway into a meadow, to make their escape. I am positive the prisoner was not either of those men.
You was not afraid of being robbed?
No, I was not.
What time did you go out of London?
About a quarter before eight o'clock. I am positive it was eight o'clock before the coach was robbed.
Where do you live?
At Great Ealing in Middlesex. The prisoner lodged with me six weeks and two days.
When did he come to lodge with you?
The week after Christmas week.
Did he lodge with you in February?
Yes.
Do you remember this day?
Yes, the 17th of February, the day they accuse him with it.
He lodged at your house on the 17th of February?
Yes, on the 17th of February he was ill.
What day of the week was the 17th of February?
Thursday.
Was the prisoner at home that afternoon or abroad?
He was at home.
When did you first see him on the evening of that day?
About five o'clock, to the best of my knowledge; he was at home till the 19th, the day he was taken up; he only went out in that time for a pitcher of water to a well across the way.
You saw him at home from five till what time?
Nine at night.
He only went out to get a pitcher of water?
Yes.
How came you to remember it was the 17th of February?
By several things. I went out on a particular business for one of my lodgers. I am not bound to tell that business. I went and searched the apothecary's book, to know the day when I had a medicine. I went for the medicine on the 15th, I had it not till the 17th; it was sent by mistake to 'Squire Penn's, and kept two days there.
Did you ever ask the apothecary before what day of the month it was when you had a medicine?
No. I went to enquire, to be punctual to my oath.
What is the apothecary's name?
Dr. Egerton.
Who was it told you the day of the month?
His servant.
What is the servant's name?
I do not know; I know the person I fetched it for. I went to Mr. Carr twice, and spoke to him between seven and eight at night, and I asked him for a saucepan to get some supper for my other lodger; he said it was dirty.
You did not pay for the things at the apothecary's?
No.
I lodge with Mrs. Weigen.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes, he lodged there.
Did you see him there on the 17th of February?
Yes, in the evening about a quarter after six; he came down to light a candle with me at seven in the evening, and went up into his own room.
Did he remain in his own room after that?
Yes.
How came you to recollect the day of the month?
My landlady went out of an errand, in the time while she was gone Carr came down and lighted a candle with me.
She goes out every day I suppose?
No, she went out on some particular business; she went to the doctor's for some medicines for me.
Does the doctor know you?
Yes.
What are you?
A bricklayer.
Has he known you any time?
Yes.
Who was it told you it was the 17th of February?
I know it was the 17th, it is down in the doctor's book.
Do you know it any other way?
Yes. I looked in the almanack that very night, and I know it was the 17th.
Why did you look in the almanack that night?
Because I had some business to set down.
Do you look in the almanack every night?
No.
What day of the month is to-day?
The 8th of April I reckon. [It was the 6th.]
You take particular notice of the days I see?
I am not very positive, I have not looked at the almanack to-day.
I wonder you do not remember when the 1st of April was?
It was on Saturday.
Did the woman pay for what she had at the apothecary's
No.
In whose name was it put down?
In my name.
Who went to search the doctor's books?
The mistress of the house where I lodge.
Did not you say it was the 15th you went to the apothecary's?
Yes. They were sent to 'Squire Penn's; they staid there two days. They were dated the 15th; I had them the 17th.
On the 15th you went for them?
The 15th I went for them; they did not send them. I went again on the 17th for them.
Is the apothecary's man here?
No.
I have known the prisoner five years. I knew him at Richmond; he always bore a good character for what I know. I did not come as a witness, I came accidentally to hear the trials, and know the young man at the bar. The prisoner is an honest worthy man.
What is the prisoner's business?
They told me he was a stonemason , that the weather being very hard, he could not work; and that other men staid at home nine weeks at the same time.
He was not ill at the same time?
No.
Was you before the justice of peace?
Yes.
Did he before the justice say where he was that night?
He said he was at home all that day and all that night. The second time he said he was not out all that day, nor night, nor the next day.
