I live in St. James's-street . I lost two watches; I know nothing more of it; my maid saw the man and can give an account of it.
What were the watches?
Both gold; one was in an enamelled case. I keep a toyshop; they were in the glass case.
I live with Miss Hatch. On the 1st of August, at about ten minutes before eight o'clock in the morning, as I was on my knees\\ light\\ ing the fire in the parlour adjoining to the shop, I heard a glass case in the shop shut down; I lifted up my head and saw the prisoner in the shop; I kept my eyes upon him, but before I could get upon my legs he got out of the shop and ran towards the Palace. I immediately pursued him, and never lost sight of him; when I came to the Stable-yard, St. James's; he passed a soldier; I called to the soldier to stop that man, that he was a thief; that soldier and another pursued him; he was taken about twenty yards on the other side Penny's gate; I came up immediately; he had thrown the watches over the wall into the garden; there was a man in the Park appeared to be a friend to him.
On the 1st of August, between eight and nine in the morning, I was coming up St. James's Park from Buckingham-gate; in one of the walks by the side of the mall, just as I came opposite the stable-yard gate I heard somebody call out stop that man! I turned my head and saw the prisoner run; he came out of the stable-yard into the Park, ran a little way down, made a stop, and drew something out of his right-hand breeches knee, and threw it over the wall into Lord Godolphin's garden; I could not distinguish at that distance what it was, but it appeared to be round, and something was hanging to it. I was in the farthest walk but one from the stable yard gate; he was in the coach-way; I saw several people, particularly some soldiers, run towards him; when I came up to them I saw Miss Hatche's servant a good deal confused; I asked what was the matter and what she had lost? She said she did not know justly, but she believed watches. He said I have no watches but one of my own, and pulled one out. Knowing he had thrown something over the wall, I desired the people to take care of him while I got the key to see what he had thrown over.
Did you see distinctly two round things?
No, only one at that time. Some of the people said the garden belonged to Lord Godolphin; I went to Lord Godolphin's, and one of the servants and I went into the garden to look, and almost opposite the bottom of the garden, where I thought he threw them, we looked about, and his lordship's servant found two watches; I saw him pick them up. The people brought the prisoner round to his lordship's door.
I live with Lord Godolphin. I picked up the watches on the border of the garden, just by the garden wall; Mr. Careless was with me.
I leave my defence to my counsel. I know no more of the watches than the child unborn. As I was going into the park between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I heard the cry of stop thief! I ran as well as many others. When I was in the park they cried stop that man with the apron! I having an apron on stopped to see who they meant, and they laid hold of me, and searched me, and took my watch out of my pocket.
I am a soldier belonging to the Cold-stream regiment. I was in the park when this happened. I heard a woman call stop him! stop him! I made a stop and saw the prisoner coming into the park, and saw two soldiers lay hold of him, and heard some contest. I was not nigh enough to hear what they said; I did not see him attempt to throw any thing over; my eyes were upon him all the time.
Did you see him stop to take any thing out of his breeches?
No, I was almost opposite Penny's gate, just upon the hill; I had a good prospect of him.
I am rider to a gentleman in the brandy way. I have known the prisoner three or four years; he is a wax-chandler; I never heard any harm of him in my life.
To Miss Hatch. What is the value of the watches?
About twenty pounds.
