As I was standing at my door with Mrs. Edwards and another gentlewoman, in Stratford-place ; some people came and told me there was a thief at my garret window. I cannot recollect the day, it was about a week or ten days ago. It was at about four or five in the afternoon. I took a loaded pistol with me and went up stairs into the garret, and saw the prisoner standing on a cornice stone close to the garret window; he had dropped down from the top of the house to that place. I intreated him to come in; he refused for a long while; he seemed to have an inclination for jumping down. He said he thought the people would swear his life away, right or wrong. I said if he would come in and could give a good account of himself, nobody should hurt him; he came in and I asked him why he came over the other houses to mine; he said he saw some boys going after some pigeons on the empty houses, and he went up with them. I thought it a lame excuse, and desired the people to come into the garret to help secure him, which we did, and took him before a justice.
Upon the 23d of March, about five in the afternoon, while I was down in one of Lord Aldborough's empty houses, in Stratford-place, there came a quantity of water off the house. It being fine weather, I could not think where the water came from; I looked up, from the well-hole of the stair case, and saw a man peeping over the sky-light; I went up the partition and saw the prisoner lying in the middle of the gutter at the trap-door. I desired one of the men to come up to my assistance. I was on another house; he got on to the other houses. I got into the gutter and saw this lead lie cut, and a rope lying by it; we pursued him to Mr. Edwards's, there he made a dangerous jump, about nine feet, down to a corner stone, by his garret window. Mr. Edwards called me to his assistance. I went up into the garret; the prisoner came in and we secured him. The next morning we examined, and the lead tallied exactly with the place from whence the lead had been cut away; there was a razor fixed in a wooden handle, and a small saw found in the place where it was cut away.
Do you know whose house this was?
Lord Aldborough's.
Of your own knowledge?
Only by what his lordship said.
I bought this lead; hearing the next day that some lead had been stolen off this house, I went up to satisfy my curiosity; and while I was there, they cried out
\"There was a thief on the top of the house.\" I keep a broker's shop in Guy's-court, by Stratford-place.
