On Friday last, in the afternoon, I called at Mr. Steward's shop, in Fetter-lane , to speak to my wife, who was there. While I was talking to my wife at the door, the prisoner, who was in the shop, ran to me, took me round the waist, and carried me by force into the back-shop, threw me down upon a chair, tore my waistcoat open, and said she would feel my bubbies. I thought she was in joke at first. She sat down upon my knee, and asked me what money I had. I said I never carried any about me; but if she would let me get up, I would treat her. She then barred the door, and set her back against it. I got up, and made to the door: She prevented me, by feeling in my pockets. She took my watch with her right-hand, and my money with her left. There was a guinea, and one shilling. I did not see her take the watch; but she took it in such a manner, I should not have perceived it, but putting it into her pocket, she struck the watch against the door, and broke the glass. I asked her for my watch; she denied having it. I called to Mr. Steward, and said she had got my watch: upon which he demanded the watch of her. She denied it before him, and lay struggling on the ground for two or three minutes, till she was quite faint: then she said, if I would let her get up, she would give me the watch. I let her get up: she laid hold of my hair very violently. I threw her down, and insisted she should not get up till she gave me the watch, for I knew she had it. After she had struggled as long as she could, I said, if she did not give me the watch, I would charge a constable with her. She said, if I would let her get up, she would give it me. I let her get up again: she took the watch out of her pocket, and threw it through the window; saying, Blast your bloody eyes, take your watch. She laid hold of my hair again, and made many endeavours to injure me in my private parts, as much as possibly a woman could. Upon which I desired Mr. Steward to send for a constable. They sent all over the parish, and could not get one. She continued that behaviour for an hour. Then I went to the Compter for a constable: some people got her from me, and held her; and she said, Blast your eyes, if I cannot do you now, or to that purpose, I will do for you the first night I meet you. I at first thought she meant some fun with me: I took it quietly, till she attempted to get my money out of my pocket. I thought she was a lodger at Mr. Steward's, or else I should have used more violence. I thought she wanted a game of romps, but she made use of such indecent language, my wife and Mrs. Steward left the shop.
I am a hair-dresser. I dressed the prisoner a year and a half. I knew her during that time: she was apt to drink, and when in liquor, extremely riotous and quarrelsome. She was very much in liquor at this time. When I returned from dressing, I found Mrs. Phillips, and my wife, in the shop together. Mr. Phillips came in very shortly after me. The prisoner came from the back parlour into the shop, and began talking to Mrs. Phillips and my wife: she laid hold of Mr. Phillips, pulled him into the back shop, and threw herself into a chair, and pulled him upon her lap. Mrs. Phillips said, That was enough to make her jealous. The prisoner used so indecent language, that my wife and Mrs. Phillips left the shop; but the room-door was open all the time: I was in the shop all the time. I heard them fall down, and I heard both of them struggling and laughing: immediately after they fell, he called to me, and said he had lost his watch. I went into the room, and they were both down: she was under him: she still denied having the watch, but immediately after said, she would give it him, if he would lift her up: he did so, and then she laid hold of his hair again, and he threw her down again, and at last she threw the watch through the window.
I have got nothing to say; but I went to Mr. Steward's, to buy a cushion for my hair. I gave Mrs. Steward half a guinea to change: while I was waiting, this man came in, and used me very ill: he put his hands up my petticoats, and pulled me about. I never saw the watch, till I saw it in the hands of the constable: his wife came in, and then he said, Now, you b - h, I will send you to prison.
