I am clerk to Mr. Walsh, who is member of Parliament for Worcester .
Do you remember any things being stolen from Mr. Walsh's house in January last?
Yes. Upon the buckles being missing I went the next day to the prisoner's lodgings.
Give an account how the things were missed?
Mr. Walsh missed the gold knee-buckles on the morning of Thursday the 20th of January, and some circumstances led us to suspect the prisoner. I went the next day to the prisoner's lodgings, which were in Duke-street. The prisoner had lived servant with Mr. Walsh; he left the house on the evening of Tuesday the 18th. In his trunk we found all the things mentioned in the indictment, except the coat and the buckles, they were tied up in the blue baize.
Did you take a constable with you?
Yes, and the other witnesses were with me. These are the things (producing them.)
Do you know them sufficiently to speak to the property?
I can speak to those of them which have Mr. Walsh's mark upon them. Here are three books which have Mr. Walsh's arms pasted on them. There is no mark on those stockings, but Mr. Walsh's stockings are exactly of the same sort.
What number is there of the stockings?
Fifteen pair of worsted under stockings.
These stockings appear to be new?
They have never been worn. I know Mr. Walsh had such a number of new stockings, which resembled these, and those stockings were missing. Here are twelve pair of thread stockings marked with Mr. Walsh's initials; they are Mr. Walsh's property. Here are a pair of mottled stockings which are Mr. Walsh's; I remember them perfectly well. Here are thirteen pair of cotton stockings and two quilted dimity waistcoats, which are my master's. I know my master had such a piece of woollen cloth as this, it matches to the piece which is left behind.
Is the piece of baize they were wrapped in your master's property?
I cannot say.
Was the prisoner present when you searched?
He was not, he was taken up the day before.
How long before these things were missing had you seen them in the house?
They had been in the prisoner's charge; they were delivered by him to Thomas Ingram , the person who succeeded him, as Ingram told me.
You are clerk to Mr. Walsh?
Yes.
Have you been long in that service?
About seven years.
The prisoner was valet to Mr. Walsh?
He was.
When was he discharged?
Mr. Walsh discharged him on the 4th; the receipt for his wages bears date the 10th of January.
On what day did he leave the house?
On the 18th.
Did he leave his trunk behind him?
No, he took it away with him.
Do you of your own knowledge know when the things mentioned in the indictment were missed?
No.
Do you know that they were missed?
I know the buckles were missed on the 20th.
Who went with you to the prisoner's lodgings?
Ingram and the constable.
You say the three books have Mr. Walsh's arms on them?
Yes.
If they had not had those arms in them you would not have known them?
No.
You not being a servant about the person of Mr. Walsh, I suppose you cannot know much of these things?
I deliver over the things to the valets.
The stockings have some a W. and some an I upon them?
They have.
If there were others there of the same kind I imagine you could not tell which were Mr. Walsh's?
I could not tell.
You came into Mr. Walsh's service as his valet de chambre immediately after the prisoner?
I did.
When did you enter into Mr. Walsh's service?
On the 2d of January.
When was the prisoner discharged from his service?
I think he was ordered to be discharged on the Tuesday, but he was to come on the Sunday following to dress Mr. Walsh's wigs, to put me in the method of it.
Were Mr. Walsh's things delivered into your charge?
The inventory was looked over and the things delivered into my charge on Monday and Tuesday the 3d and 4th.
There was a written inventory was there?
Yes, there was a written inventory in the prisoner's own hand-writing; I have it not here.
This is the inventory
Is that the inventory which was delivered to you by the prisoner?
It is; here are some marks which I made upon it.
Are the things that were lost contained in that inventory?
Yes, except the woollen stockings, the socks, and the cloth.
Were the things which are in that inventory, and, among the rest, the things produced there, delivered to you by the prisoner?
They were.
Were any such things as the woollen stockings, the cloth, and the socks delivered to you by the prisoner?
There was cloth of this kind delivered to me by the prisoner, but that was not in the inventory; I cannot swear to that, it has been out of my possession; it is like the cloth which was delivered to me. Nor can I swear to the other things, except the coat, that I can swear to, because I put my mark upon it, as they have been out of my possession. Mr. Walsh had things like these.
When the things were delivered into your care, where did you keep them?
In Mr. Walsh's dressing-room. The stockings were in the drawers, the waistcoats and this coat were in the clothes press, which I kept locked.
When did you first miss these things?
On Thursday the 20th of January. Mr. Walsh in the morning missed a penknife out of a drawer; he rang his bell and asked me if I knew any thing of his penknife; I said I supposed it was in the drawer of his dressing-table; upon searching for the knife Mr. Walsh looked into the drawer of the bureau, where the gold shoe and knee-buckles were kept, and missed the buckles; he desired me to bring him the inventory of the things; he looked it over, and then bid me bring him his gold shoe and knee-buckles; I went to the drawer, but could not find them; as the were not in wear I had put them into the same drawer in which they used to be kept. When they were delivered to me I locked the drawer and kept the key. I cannot say it was always locked; I had frequent occasion to go to that drawer more than others, and as one key opened them all I might have left that drawer open. When I could give no account of the buckles, Mr. Walsh ordered all the servants up into the room together. The prisoner was gone then. We were all searched, and nothing was found. As the prisoner had been in the house till the 18th, the footman William Flint and I went to his lodgings to ask him if he knew any thing about them. We saw the prisoner.
Had you looked over the inventory to see if any thing else was missing?
We did not suspect any thing else was missing at that time. When we got to the door of the prisoner's lodging the prisoner came out and said we could not go in, because he had got somebody there; I asked him to go down stairs with us; when we came down stairs I told him a disagreeable thing had happened among us; I asked him what he had done with the gold buckles when he delivered the inventory; he said he put them in the drawer again; he said he would go and speak to Mr. Walsh; I told him that was of no use unless he could tell where the buckles were; I said we had been searched, and we were sent to search his effects; he said we might search his things with all his heart; he said he would go up stairs, and he desired we would not come up, as he had somebody there, and he would come down as soon as he could; he ran up stairs, and we followed him immediately, I opened the door and saw him at the bed; he seemed to be in some confusion. We went to the bed; it was turned down, and there we found this coat; as soon as I saw the coat under the pillow, I said here is one of Mr. Walsh's coats; he said no it is not; I took it up and opened it, I then said this is Mr. Walsh's coat, is it not? He said yes, take it and tie it up in a handkerchief and carry it home; I said, Mr. Booker, this is a disagreeable affair, you knew I must be answerable for all these things, I shall be obliged to you if you could inform me where the buckles are. He looked very much confused; he said I tell you what, Mr. Ingram, if you will promise not to say any thing to Mr. Walsh till six o'clock in the evening, or to any body else, I will give you the buckles, or tell you where they are. I gave him my word I would not say any thing to any body till that hour, or in the evening. Both Flint and I made him that promise. We went home to my master's and informed Mr. Gibson what we had done, that we had given our words not to tell Mr. Walsh or any body till fix in the evening. Mr. Gibson said if I would not tell Mr. Walsh, he would; upon that we went up directly and told Mr. Walsh; Mr. Walsh ordered us to go and fetch the prisoner to him, and Mr. Walsh assured us he did not intend to hurt any man.
Did Mr. Walsh say that in the presence of the prisoner?
No; only in the presence of us two. While we were gone Mr. Walsh and Mr. Gibson got a constable to take charge of the prisoner.
Did you tell the prisoner when you went back to him, that he might safely come and tell all about it, that Mr. Walsh would not hurt him?
I did not tell him that; Flint might, he went up first. We brought the prisoner to Mr. Walsh; Mr. Walsh said to him, I find you have taken a pair of my gold shoe buckles away, and that coat? He said yes, sir. Mr. Walsh said, have you any thing else? the prisoner's answer was no.
Who were present at this time?
Mr. Gibson, the constable, and myself.
What more passed?
Nothing more.
We then went with him before Justice Hyde.
Did Mr. Walsh before he asked any thing respecting the buckles or coat make use of any threats, or make any promises to him?
I did not hear any.
What did the prisoner say when he was before the justice?
He confessed taking all these things, but said he had tied them up in order to return them to Mr. Walsh; he said he took the buckles to serve a friend in distress.
Did he say what he had done with them?
I could not learn what he had done with them; he said he could not tell; he had given them to a person, and did not know what he had done with them.
Did he at any subsequent time in your hearing say what he had done with the buckles?
No.
Have the buckles ever been found?
Never, to my knowledge.
You came I think into Mr. Walsh's service on the 2d?
I did.
The prisoner went away on the 18th?
Yes.
He was discharged on the 4th, but was to come backwards and forwards till the Sunday?
Yes.
When did he leave Mr. Walsh's service absolutely?
His pay went on till Sunday next after the 2d day of the month.
He lay at Mr. Walsh's I am informed after the 4th?
The servants indulged him with lying there, because he had no lodging.
His trunk remained there till the 18th?
Yes.
None of the things were missed till the 20th?
None of them.
You and a fellow-servant on the 20th went to the prisoner's lodging to enquire after these things?
Yes.
Recollect now what promises you made to the prisoner at that time?
We promised we would say nothing at all of it till six o'clock.
Did not you make some promises to induce him to confess?
We said nothing, only promising that we would not say any thing about it till six in the evening.
The prisoner was left at liberty all that time?
All that time he was left at liberty.
Did you go the second time that evening?
Yes, we went again in about an hour.
Did no words of favour fall from your mouth when you went to the prisoner's apartment the second time; did you mention nothing of what Mr. Walsh said?
He said he did not like to go, would not writing do? I said he had better go and tell Mr. Walsh how it was, and perhaps he might meet with some favour; I could not give him much hope, Mr. Walsh is too rigid a a man to hope for favour.
I am servant to Mr. Walsh. I went with Mr. Ingram to the prisoner's lodging on the 20th of last month. We found the prisoner at his lodging.
Did you go into the room immediately?
No, we went down stairs first; he said he had somebody in bed; we went down into the kitchen.
Is he a married or a single man?
Single I believe. He met us at the door; Mr. Ingram asked him where the buckles were put; he said in the dressing-room. Mr. Ingram said they could not be found; the prisoner said he did not know where they were. The prisoner went up stairs; we followed him. We found the coat behind the bolster on the bed, then we suspected he knew something about the buckles.
Did you know that coat?
I knew my master wore such a sort of coat; I believe this is his coat, but I never had it in my care.
What did the prisoner say about it?
He first said it was not Mr. Walsh's; afterwards he said it was. When we found the coat we said possibly he knew something about the buckles; and we said if he confessed perhaps it would be the better for him.
Who said that?
We both spoke to him, I cannot say which said it; he then said, if you will say nothing I will tell you about the buckles. I promised him I would not, and so did Mr. Ingram. He said if we would call about six o'clock in the evening he would get us the buckles and every thing else that he had.
You promised you would never say any thing about this if he told you?
Not till six o'clock.
Was that the promise he requested, or did he require you should never discover it
He mentioned that time in particular. Then we went home and reasoned with ourselves whether we should acquaint Mr. Walsh with it then or stay till we had got the buckles, or till six o'clock. We spoke to Mr. Gibson about it; Mr. Gibson said we must go and tell Mr. Walsh directly, or he would. I then went up and told Mr. Walsh of it; he bid me go and tell the prisoner to come to him. I said we had promised not to mention it, and hoped he would not hurt him; Mr. Walsh said he was not going to hurt him, he did not want to prosecute any man; he said go and tell him to come to me. When I got to the door I said, sir, I hope you will not hurt him; he said no, he did not want to prosecute any man.
Did he desire you to tell the prisoner that in order to induce him to confess?
No, but to desire the prisoner to come to him. Then we went to the prisoner's lodgings; I left Mr. Ingram below, and I went up stairs and told the prisoner my master wanted to speak to him. He said I am afraid my master is very angry. I said yes, he is angry, but if you will go to him and own the things, and ask his pardon, I dare say he will forgive you. He said he would go upon that condition. Ingram said the same, that he dared say he would forgive him. He went along with us to Mr. Walsh's; he went up stairs with us, and to our great surprise my master had got a constable up stairs, and charged the constable with him.
What passed?
My master said, Booker, you have robbed me; he said he had. My master said you, have stolen my buckles; the prisoner said he had, and went down on his knees and asked my master's pardon; my master said you are in the hands of justice now, and delivered him to the constable.
Did your master make use of any promises when the prisoner came to him to induce him to confess?
No, not to him.
The first time you went to the prisoner's lodging you found the coat before there was any promise at all made to him?
Yes.
And upon finding that you said if he would confess the other things it would be better for him?
Yes.
Upon that he confessed he knew of the other things?
Yes.
The second time you gave him hopes that his master would forgive him?
Yes.
He might have gone away if he had not relied upon a hope of forgiveness?
Yes.
I am a constable.
Are you the person who was sent for by Mr. Walsh?
Yes. I went with Mr. Ingram and Mr. Flint to search the prisoner's lodging, after he was in Tothil-fields Bridewell; I found in a trunk in the prisoner's lodging the things which have now been produced, at least they were things of the same kind; I believe these are the same, they have been in Mr. Walsh's house.
Who carried them there?
I do not know; they have not been in my possession.
He gave you the key of his trunk voluntarily?
Yes. I went down to Bridewell to him; he gave me the key; he said there was nothing in the box but his own.
You said the things, found at the prisoner's lodging, were taken out of drawers which were usually kept locked?
Yes.
Did any of the drawers appear to be broken open?
There was no appearance of the kind.
Had the prisoner to your knowledge the key of those drawers before he left the house?
Never.
Had any one else but yourself the key?
Mr. Walsh had the key; I know of no body else having any key. One key opened all the drawers, the presses and all.
Were these things delivered to you on the 4th, and the drawers kept locked from that time?
Yes, to the best of my knowledge.
Where was the coat kept?
In the press
Was that press kept locked?
Yes.
I have things of the same kind of my own, stockings and waistcoats; I have some things in prison which I believe will answer the same things.
Was that the trunk in which the things were found which the prisoner had at your master's house?
I do not know the trunk, I never saw it till I saw it in the prisoner's room.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
I have known the prisoner about two years; I have been intimately acquainted with him these last ten or twelve months, as he has boarded with me; I always found him a very honest man. I never was more astonished in my life than when I heard he was in prison.
I have known the prisoner since last June, His character has been exceeding good.
I have known the prisoner eight or ten years; he always bore the best of characters. I was exceedingly amazed when I heard this. He has been in my house and had opportunities of taking things away. He always behaved extremely well.
I am a tailor by trade. I work for his master. He always bore the best of characters.
I have known the prisoner near eleven years; he was always a very sober, honest, good man; he lived in our family.
I have known the prisoner more than eight years; I believe he was universally genteel in every respect; he has frequently been at my house, as I have sometimes given him lessons in hair-dressing. He has a a good character.
I have known the prisoner four years; he had a very good character, I never beard of such a good character in my life.
When you examined the trunk, were there other things which resembled these things?
There were other things much of the same kind.
How came these particular things to be taken then?
These were made up in a bundle, the others were not.
