I lost some stack-wood in December last; I missed it when I went with my cart to fetch it out from where it stood upon Enfield Chase . I went with my cart to bring it away on the 22d of December; when I came there the part which I went for was gone.
Was all that was there gone?
All that stood upon that spot. I followed the track of the cart till I came to the prisoner's house, and found it upon his premisses.
Is there any road or tracks over that part of the Chase;
Several roads.
How came you to follow this particular cart?
I do not imagine there had been a cart upon that part of the Chase for a month or six weeks before, the time of year was so bad. The track I followed was a fresh one, it had been made but some few days.
Was the track so fresh that you could distinguish it from the old tracks?
Yes, very plain.
When you came to the man's house you taxed him with it and he denied it?
In looking round I found a great part of the wood in the yard under his hovel.
Had he any wood of his own there?
He had split some into small pieces.
How did you know this wood which you found in his yard under the hovel to be your's?
By a particular mark that was upon a stick; I brought it away with me. There was a mark of a saw upon it, which my people, who I had employed, had fixed on it; there was a dispute between the two men, one thought it was not long enough; they measured it again, and then cut it an inch longer than where they had begun. I know a great part of it. Besides, there were one or two more which the saw had touched.
Was there any other particular mark than the mark of the saw?
No.
Was not your wood like other stack-wood?
There was no other such upon that quarter.
In what did it differ from other stack-wood?
This was a butt of an oak.
Was not there a great deal of other oak upon the Chase besides this which was cut for your stack-wood?
This was rather a large stack.
Was your's the only large stack upon Enfield Chase?
That was any way near there that I know of.
Was this wood covered up or concealed, or was it lying open in the prisoner's yard?
It was lying open in the yard. I took that stick away, and had the prisoner taken up.
You have not told us quite all you know about this business have you?
I do not recollect any thing else.
What business may you be of?
A publican.
Did you go with your own cart yourself to fetch home this wood?
With my servant.
You had not received information of any of the wood being missing before you went for it?
Yes, I had heard that some of my wood was gone.
There are pretty large quantities of stack-wood about the Chase?
Not just at that place, the wood has been taken off.
I am told there are four or five thousand pieces of oak of much the same kind there now?
Not near it.
There is such sort of wood upon the Chase?
I suppose so.
You have been talking of the butt of an oak, what do you mean by the butt of an oak, is it the stump or body?
The lower part.
What lengths might this be cut into?
Three feet. One of the men was for cutting it three feet, and the other three feet and an inch; it was at last cut at three feet two inches.
You have been asked what enables you to swear so positively to this piece of wood, the answers you have given, if I understand you right, were that there had been a saw in it; might not that have happened to any other piece of wood?
I cannot say; I know this very well.
So the whole mark upon that wood is a cut?
Yes.
And that is it which you mean to swear by?
I do.
Do you know such a man as Mr. Smith a wheeler, in you neighbourhood?
Yes.
Did any body see the mark of the wheels of a cart besides yourself?
Yes.
You have been giving an account that there are a great number of roads where there are wheel tracks?
Certainly upon such a forest as that.
You are acquainted with Mr. Rookes, I believe?
I have seen him.
How long have you known him?
Some time.
Do you recollect having any meeting with Mr. Hall and Mrs. Rookes?
Meeting! Mrs. Rookes was one of the prisoner's bail.
Do you recollect any meeting you had with them?
I keep a public-house.
If you have had a meeting do not be ashamed of it, say so?
Only when they bailed him, and when we took him into custody again.
Do you recollect telling Mr. Hall that unless he would give you twenty guineas you would hang him?
I never told him any such thing in my life.
What then is become of the notes you got from this man?
I do not know; I have got no notes.
You do not know any thing about that then?
No.
Then tell the court plainly, have you got notes from this man?
I never had any in my life.
Do you deny that you ever had any notes given you by the prisoner at the bar?
I never had.
Do you recollect the prisoner's waiting upon you to pay the first of these notes?
The prisoner came one day with a handful of money, but I knew nothing about it.
Is your wife in town?
She is near at hand.
Was not she present when this transaction happened?
She might be at hand.
Did not you tell the prisoner if he would not give you twenty guineas, and then you reduced it down to ten, that you would prosecute and hang him?
That I deny. There were some notes drawn up between him and his bail, but I know nothing about them.
They were not then made payable to you?
I do not know who they were made payable to.
Did not Hall wait upon you to pay you one of these notes?
I never had the notes.
Did not you tell Hall that you should not deliver him up this note unless he would agree to have them both burnt?
No.
The whole of this is a fiction then, it is all a story?
Certainly; what his bail and he did I know nothing about.
What are you?
A labouring man. I cleft some stack-wood for Mr. Bickley; it was upon Enfield Chase.
Did you ever see any of it afterwards?
Yes, I saw one piece of it, which Mr. Bickley shewed me at his own house, which I cleft. I never saw it at the prisoner's.
To Bickley. Where did you find that piece of wood?
In Mr. Hall's yard.
That is the piece of wood you take upon you to swear to?
Yes, it is.
To Tulett. Do you know any thing of that piece of wood?
Whilst we were cleaving this, there arose a dispute between my partner and me in sawing it off; we set the saw in; I said we will go an inch farther.
How do you know that to be the same piece of wood again?
To the best of my knowledge that is the piece.
Have you often been employed in cleaving stack-wood?
Yes.
Did it never happen in all your cleaving wood, that you put the saw in a wrong place and took it out again?
Yes, to be sure that might happen.
Do you take upon you to swear that that is the very piece of wood that you cut for Mr. Bickley?
No, I certainly cannot.
Mr. Bickley, the prosecutor, desired me to go along with him to trace the cart from the place where the wood was taken.
Do you know the place where the wood was before it was taken away?
Perfectly well. I saw the tracks of a six-inch wheel cart. The tracks began from the three quarters of a stack of wood which was taken away. We followed it all the way to the prisoner's yard.
Did you observe the tract any farther than that?
No farther than his yard.
But at the other end, next to where the track was, did you look to see whether the track went any farther than the stack?
I did not examine that.
If Mr. Bickley had not pointed it out to you should you have taken notice of that more particularly than any other track?
No; but when Mr. Bickley pointed it out to me we could follow it very plain.
Did it appear to be a fresh or an old track?
It appeared to have been made within a day or two.
Were there any other fresh tracks besides that from that part of the Chase?
None but what were gone down in the right road, but this went across the other tracks.
As the Chase lies open are there not tracks going almost every way across the Chase there?
In different places there are.
When you followed the tracks to this man's yard, did the tracks go into the yard?
We followed the tracks up to the gate and when they came to the gate, going into the yard it is a very hard stony gravel, there the track was lost.
Is there any way through Mr. Hall's yard?
None on the other side at all, I am pretty sure.
How far from the prisoner's gate is the ground hard so that you lost the track?
Not more than twice the length of my stick, it is only just the gateway.
Did you look about Mr. Hall's yard or beyond it to see whether the tracks began again and went farther?
We did, but could not find any tracks; when we went into the yard Mr. Hall was at work in the yard; the prosecutor said to him what have you been at, Mr. Hall, you have been robbing me; he said no I have not been robbing you; the prosecutor said I am very certain of it; I have suspected you a great while, but could not find it out before; we have traced the cart all the way to your yard door; he positively denied it; the prosecutor turned round to come out of the yard and he saw some wood lie piled up; he examined it and found this piece of wood among it.
Was Mr. Hall present at the same time?
Yes; Mr. Hall freely gave him leave to take this piece of wood away.
Was there any cart there?
Yes; there was a body of a cart and a pair of six-inch wheels; I measured them.
Could you discern distinctly from the tracks whether it was a four or a two wheel cart?
I could discern very distinctly that it was a two wheel cart.
What are you?
A herdsman to the parish of Edmonton, to look after the wood and the cattle.
You have an allowance for that?
Yes.
There is a considerable quantity of wood?
There is.
This happened in the month of December?
Yes.
The chase was extremely wet at that time?
Yes; it was before the frost set in.
What depth do you suppose this track you have been talking of might have been?
I cannot tell that; it varied in various places; in some places it was harder than others.
Is there any great difference in the appearance of a track whether it is made to day or three or four days ago; can you by your eye undertake positively to swear to a fresh or an old track?
I can to a track that has gone across the other tracks, I could not upon the main road.
I take it for granted in this chase there are a great many cross tracks?
There are so.
Is it not possible for there to have been a track from Mr. Hall's yard up to the stack-wood, and for that to have broke into some other track that was upon the Chase; can you undertake to swear that the track was continued from Mr. Hall's gate to the stack wood, and did not break in upon any other track, and was it not possible to go from the house to the stack a different road?
Yes; many different roads.
Then there was no track leading from the house to the stack?
I never examined that.
You must have seen it if there had been two?
No; he might possibly have gone different ways; there was but that one track all the way to his house.
Counsel for the prisoner. Does it not follow that if the ground was so wet there must have been two tracks with the cart, one going the other coming back?
If he had gone that way there would.
The wood in Hall's yard was lying open?
It was piled up in the yard, either in the shed or adjoining to it; it was no ways concealed.
I think you said Hall voluntarily offered Bickley to take away this piece of wood?
Yes; Mr. Bickley when he examined the wood said, I suppose if I take away a piece of wood you will swear a robbery against me. Hall said no, he was welcome to take it. He asked Mr. Hall where he bought this wood? Mr. Hall said he bought it of one John Gibbons . I went that afternoon to Gibbons; Gibbons said -
Is Gibbons here?
No.
You must not tell us what he said?
Jury. There is a saw cleft in the end of the billet; there must be several other pieces that have some saw clefts; when you saw up a butt of a tree that saw cleft must be in more billets than that now it is split?
Certainly.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
Where do you live?
At Winchmore hill.
You are an acquaintance of Francis Hall?
Yes.
Do you know John Bickley also?
I do.
Do you remember being sent to in consesequence of some scrape Mr. Hall had got into?
Mr. Hall asked me to be bail for him when he was at the justice's; accordingly I was bail for his appearance here.
Do you recollect any meeting that happened between Bickley, Hall, and you?
They met at Mr. Bickley's house to take into consideration the settling of it.
Did Mr. Hall then persevere in denying the charge Bickley had imputed to him?
He did to me.
Were any terms proposed by Bickley to Mr. Hall to settle the business?
Hall asked Bickley what terms he would settle it upon? Bickley said if he would give him five pounds down and five pounds shortly afterwards. Hall said he would give him a note for five pounds, and another note twenty one days afterwards accordingly.
Tell me the very words Bickley said?
He said he would have ten pounds; five pounds down immediately, and Mr. Hall promised to give him five pounds in twenty one days after.
Did Hall give him five pounds?
He could not then; Bickley accepted of his note till the Saturday.
I understood you just now that Mr. Hall persevered in denying that he was guilty of the charge that was imputed to him?
He did.
Then did it not appear to you a little extraordinary that he should consent to give the prosecutor ten pounds?
I cannot say his meaning for so doing.
Was it through teriour of mind, or for what cause that he consented to pay this money?
I cannot say unless it was through fear of further trouble.
Who wrote those notes?
I wrote them; the prisoner could not read or write.
Do you recollect what the tenor of the notes were?
I think I do.
Read that, (giving the witness a paper) and tell me if that is the exact copy of the notes given at the time?
January the 8th, 1780, I promise to pay to John Bickley , or order, five pounds, for value received by me, Francis Hall, his mark at twenty-one days date; I promise to pay to John Bickley , or order, five pounds, for value received by me, Francis Hall, his mark
Who made that copy?
I made it yesterday.
From what did you make this copy?
I was desired to make a copy of the notes as nearly as I could; I made that from my memory.
Then you could as well have told us from your memory what was the substance of the notes?
I can clearly recollect that is as exactly the copy of the notes as possible. (Repeats the notes from memory exactly as the copy.)
This was on the 8th of this month?
Yes, that the first note came due.
When were the notes given?
On the Wednesday or Thursday.
That was the 5th or 6th?
Yes.
Then how came they to be dated upon the 8th?
They were so dated.
Who desired them to be so dated?
Catlin told me to date them from the 8th; Catlin is bail with me.
After these two notes were given to Bickley, what further conversation passed?
He said we had done; accordingly Hall discharged the reckoning; it came to eleven shillings and ten-pence the whole day's expence.
Was you present when Hall went to pay the first note to Bickley?
No.
Was you present when these notes were burnt?
Yes.
When was that?
The day before yesterday.
What passed then?
We were then coming to town to Hicks's-hall; this was at the Bell and Hare, at Tottenham; Mr. Bickley and Catlin went into a parlour, where there was a fire; Catlin asked if we would not go into a little room, as we had no call to tell our business to people that were in the tap-room; we went into the parlour; Bickley pulled out the note, he shewed me the notes, and asked me if I knew them; I said they were my hand writing; he gave them to Catlin, the constable, and the constable put them into the fire.
Was it by the directions of Bickley that they were burnt?
He did not positively tell him to burn them in my hearing.
You are sure they were the notes?
Yes.
Was there any conversation relative to any bad consequences that might attend the transaction?
No.
Was Bickley's wife present?
Not when the notes were burnt; this was at a different house.
Was she present when the notes were given?
We were in a little parlour, she was in the tap-room in her own house.
You are the son of Francis Hall?
I am.
What quantity of wood has your father at home?
I don't know how many stacks he may have at home, he has carried a great deal out lately.
Was you at home when John Bickley came there?
I was not.
Look at that piece of wood?
This is a piece of wood that I split; it lay in our orchard fifteen or sixteen months, to the best of my knowledge.
How can you swear that that piece of wood is the same that you cut?
I think it is a piece of the same wood that belonged to one Mr. Coleman.
When did you see it last?
Not to my knowledge since it was split.
Has your father any great quantity of that wood in his yard?
No, there is about a stack in the yard now, I believe.
I am the wife of Mr. Bickley, the prosecutor.
Do you recollect Mr. Hall coming to your house for the purpose of paying a note due to your husband?
No, I know nothing at all about it.
Have not you this morning declared any thing relative to this business?
I have not indeed. I never saw any notes belonging to Mr. Hall; I know my husband lost some wood; I never heard any thing further of it.
Call Benjamin Catlin .
Now tell me truely all you know about this matter?
I know nothing any further than having the warrant to serve.
Was you ever present at any conversation between the prosecutor and the prisoner about this matter?
Never, from the time the warrant was served.
At the time the warrant was served was any thing said about it by the prisoner?
I never heard him say thing any further than that; when he was committed to prison I bailed him.
Do you know Robert Rookes?
Yes.
Were you with Bickley the day before yesterday; did you come to town with him when they came up to Hicks's-hall?
Yes.
Did you fall in with the prisoner Hall, and Robert Rooke , at the Bell and Hare at Tottenham?
Yes
Did any thing pass there about any notes?
The notes were given to me for my security, because he should not run away. I burnt them before his face after he had surrendered himself up to me.
How many notes were there?
Two.
Who were these notes payable to?
To Mr. Bickley; but then they were left in his hand because the money was to be for our security; the money was to be left for my security, for fear he should run away.
How came the money to be left in the hand of the prosecutor for the security of the prisoner's bail?
There was no money left.
The notes were left?
I left them because the money should be there safe and secure, in case the man should call again.
How came the notes which were for your security to be made payable to Mr. Bickley?
I ordered it so.
Then you thought it a better security for them to be made payable to him?
I looked upon them as safe in his hands as in mine.
If the money was for your security, how came you to desire the notes to be made payable to Mr. Bickley
I left them in his hands, that the money might be left there, that it might be returned again to the man.
You could not trust yourself with your own money?
No; if I had had it I might have made use of it perhaps; I did not want to handle the money; he offered me twenty pounds security if I would take it.
But you liked ten pounds security given to Bickley better than twenty to yourself? - I thought the notes were as well in his hand as mine.
I am a baker, and am high constable. I have known the prisoner eighteen years. He always behaved honest to me.
How many years has he lived in that country?
I have been there eighteen years myself; he was there when I came into the country. He has a little farm, and draws wood, or any thing, for any body. He deals in wood. He and I together have bought a thousand at a time. He has seven or eight children I believe. I never saw any thing but that he was an industrious man. He and his son together are always with his team.
I am a wheeler at Winchmore-hill; I have known Mr. Hall nineteen years; he deals in stack-wood and faggots. He is an industrious hard working man, and has a large family of children; he always paid me very honestly.
I have know him as long as I can remember, eighteen or twenty years I suppose. I never heard any thing amiss of him at all. I believe he is an honest industrious man; he deals in wood, and fetches and carries any thing that is wanted with his team.
