I live at Kentish-town . On Monday se'nnight, the 16th of April, my servant informed me early in the morning, that my poultry was stole. I soon came down stairs. I found my dog poisoned; four other gentlemen in the neighbourhood likewise had their dogs poisoned, and three of them are dead. On the Wednesday following I had an information that there were some poultry at one Mr. John Lee 's, in St. John's street; I took a constable and went there, and there I found four of my fowls alive, publicly exposed in the shop window to sale. I asked Lee how he came by them, and he told me he bought them of two men, and mentioned their names. I enquired respecting Lee, and found he had lived in the house twenty years, and had a good character. On the Friday following, Lee apprehended the prisoner; he was taken before Justice Girdler; I asked where he was on the Sunday, the day before I lost my fowls; he told me on the Sunday morning he was at Silbourne in Kent, and that he returned in a chaise, that night, to Gravesend; he got there at six o'clock, and came in the Gravesend boat to London, and got here by three in the morning. I knew he could not have come up in the Gravesend boat, because it was not stood till half after eight.
I am a poulterer in St. John's street. On Monday, the 16th of this month, about three in the afternoon, I was going to the sign of the Goat, about 100 yards from my house; the prisoner called to me, and asked me if I would buy any fowls; I looked at two of them, and said they were very old, I would not buy them at any price; there was a cock and three hens; I said I would not have the cock if he would give it me; he said I should have them all for 3 s. and I bought them for 3 s.
Did you know the prisoner?
Yes; he sold a great number of fowls in our neighbourhood; he said he used to buy them in the country; I do not know his name; they used to call him Dick the Waggoner. Mr. Park came to me on the Wednesday; I told him I knew the man; he desired me to look out for him; he used to lodge at the Goat when he was in town, I found him there; I charged him with it; he said, Very well, master, I sold them to you, and I will go with you to the Justice. He said he bought them in Newgate market.
I am servant to Mr. Park; I know the fowls to be my master's property; they were missing on the Monday morning.
I bought the fowls in Leadenhall market.
I have known the prisoner about a year or two; he often used to buy fowls of me in the market.
He did not buy these fowls of you?
No.
