I am a clerk to the Navy Office, these are the Naiad's pay books.
Is there the name of Christopher Dalton on those books?
Yes, I find such a name.
Were there any wages due to him at the time of his decease?
Yes Sir, eight pounds ten shillings.
When does it appear by these books that he died?
The 26th of December 1783.
Have you such a name as Patrick Eagan ?
Yes, he was rated able part of the time, and foremast man all the time.
Was he on board at the time when this other man died?
He appears to have been on board from the 4th of March 1783. till the 2d of June 1784, when he was paid off.
Have you any such name as William Barnaby , and John Stephens ?
Here is no such name as Barnaby, here is John Stevens .
These are the witnesses to the will.
Is that book kept in your department, in the Navy Office?
Yes.
I produce the original will, as tendered by the prisoner at the bar; I produce the act of Court, of Doctor Ducarell , as to the oath being taken.
Who are you?
I am a clerk of the Prerogative Office, I only attend with that will from the office.
I beg leave to submit to your Lordship, that this will cannot properly be read here, it has not yet been proved.
No, it has not.
I am in the office of Mess. French and Abbot, proctors.
Do you know the prisoner?
I do.
Do you remember the prisoner coming to the office of French and Abbot?
Yes, in the month of October last, I do not exactly know the day.
Did he produce that paper?
He did.
What was the purpose of his application?
In order to obtain the probate of the will.
Was that the will that he wanted to have the probate of?
It is.
What steps did you take to obtain it?
I immediately wrote the jurata upon it, I took him before Doctor Ducarell , where the usual oath was administered, and he was sworn as the sole executor therein named.
You was present when he was sworn?
I was.
And heard the oath administered?
I did.
Did you put this indorsement on it?
Yes, the indorsement is, that he proved the will, by the name of Patrick M'Grath, that is the name mentioned in the will; the indorsement is Patrick M'Grath, before me Andrew Coltee Ducarell.
Did you make this indorsement by order of the prisoner?
I did, and that he died in December last.
When did he prove that?
The 2d of October, 1784.
What is the date of the will?
The 5th of February, 1784.
You are sure that is your hand writing?
Yes, I saw the oath administered.
Did you ever see the prisoner before?
Never but that time.
How long might he be with you?
A quarter of an hour in the whole I suppose.
What is the form of the oath?
The executor laying his hand on the Bible, swears that is the last will and testament of such a one, and that he is the sole executor therein named.
Write me down the words of the oath, as the Doctor mentions it, I only want it for the Jury.
I am a Navy agent, I know the prisoner, I remember his applying to me some time last October, to receive the wages of Christopher Dalton , deceased late belonging to his Majesty's ship the Naiade, accordingly I applied for the wages at the pay office in Broad-street, which I received, which I have since accounted to his order, not to himself, the probate was sent to me from French and Abbot, of Doctors Commons.
Did he afterwards come to you in consequence of that probate?
This order I received from him, by which I received the money at the office.
I saw the prisoner two or three times after that; after I had paid the money, I did not see the prisoner for two months after; about three months after I had received the money, I was informed by a Mr. Lock, that he had been applied to by a woman to administer to Christopher Dalton , in consequence of which he went to have the books searched at the Navy-office, and found the money had been paid to me; I carried the book to Mr. Lock, and upon looking at the will, we found it was dated two or three months after the man's death, that led us to suspect it was a forgery; four or five days after, I heard that Mr. M'Grath was at Gravesend, and sometime after M'Grath came in, says he Mr. Giles, I find you have got some more money, for I sent to tell him I had, and I then told him that another person had been applying for the wages of Dalton, and that his (the prisoner's) claim was rather doubtfull and I did not think it was just; however, says I, if you will take a step with me to Mr. Lock, a navy agent, to whom a person has been applying about it, we will settle it; he rather declined it, and said, he would call tomorrow, I told him it would not detain us any time, he went out with me, and upon the Hill, he said, he could not go any further, he was obliged to go down to the river side, or he should lose half a guinea, I told him I had some business that way; he ran into a public house and seemed in confusion, he did not stay a minute, I enquired for a constable, and I went after him, and when I brought the constable up, off the prisoner set, I could not see him, and a person that saw him, said, I believe the person that you want is gone under a gate-way; I says to him, why are you in such confusion, why do you not stop, I do not recollect what he said, he was in such confusion; he went before m, and just at the bottom of the lane, there was a woman with a stall, and returned in there to the gate, and there I lost him; about two or three hours after that he write the a few lines, making an apology for his going so quick that had some goods to take on board ship, and he would call again in two or three days; he did not call again, I went to the Rotation-office, and gave information; I was relating the circumstance to several of my acquaintance, and among the rest was one Mr. Hun, a publican, at Deptford, he said, he knew the man, and I desired he would charge a constable with him, and he was brought to London, and I saw him again in a public house in London; when I saw him, he said, he wanted to speak to me in private, but I would not; then he whispered me, and said, he supposed if I was paid the money again, that I received for him, all would be quiet, and I would let him go, and he offered to give me his pension ticket.
Who wrote that order for the money at the Pay office?
My clerk.
Who signed it?
The prisoner.
Was you present when he signed his name to it?
I do not recollect that I was.
Was the body of it wrote by your clerk in his presence?
I do not think I was present.
What name did he give himself?
M'Grath, I never knew him by any other name.
I know the hand writing of the prisoner; (looks at the order) this is the hand writing of the prisoner, I saw him write it, I saw Mr. Giles's clerk write the order, and he desired me to witness it; I saw the prisoner write Patrick M'Grath.
He goes by the name of Patrick Eagan , in the navy-books?
Yes.
I was on board the Naiad, I remember the prisoner by the name of Patrick Eagan .
Do you remember Dalton?
Perfectly well.
When did he die?
I do not recollect the time he died, it was in 1783.
Are you sure of that?
I am sure it was in the year 1783, it was at the Cape of Good Hope, at an island called Robin-island, we came home from Mdra.
Had you any such man as Barnaby on board?
I did not recollect we had.
When did you arrive in England?
We were paid off the 2d of June 1784; do not recollect the day of the month we arrived.
Did the prisoner at the his own wages?
Yes in the name of Eagan.
You do not recollect Barnaby?
No.
When persons die, or are transferred from one ship to another, their names are not returned to the Navy board, does it therefore appear in the books of the Navy-office?
It appears in the ship's books, they are returned every six months.
Therefore the name of Barnaby might be in one let of books, and not in another.
is not it a book for the whole time?
Yes.
Does it sometimes happen, that a seaman's w is executed at one time and dated at another?
I never knew such a hing.
B a will may be made out a week or two is dated?
I do not recollect any thing of the kind, but it cannot be dated after the man's death.
How does it appear when a man is dead upon the books?
Two D's and the time mentioned.
I never so returned when a person is alive?
Never to my knowledge.
At the time I was in the American service, I was taken by the General Mootray privateer, and brought to Charles Town , South Carolina; I was confined in a prison and ironed, and sooner than I would bear that, I entered into the American service; I went out and took a prize, then I absconded their service, and went in the name which I used formerly to go by, of my cousin M'Grath; I resided at New York till I came home to England, six or seven years, I was generally known by that name, therefore the deceased made his will to me in that name, I had not seen him till I came to London, at the beginning of the war; then we were in the Bedford, then in the Wasp sloop, and when he was dying on board of ship, he desired I would not let it he known I was any relation to him; the will was made at the Cape of Good Hope, I being on board of the ship at the same time, Lieutenant Deschamp knows I never was on shore, on the island where the will was made; the neglect in the date in the will of the deceased, was by some person that was on shore, who mistook the date, it was brought me on board by one Isaacson, who was my messmate; when the deceased went on shore, he shook hands with me as he went down the side of the ship, and said, he would make his will in my favour, and said, he was sorry he had not made it before; the will was brought to me by one Glass Isaacson, whom Lieutenant Deschamps knows; the chests were stove, and I had no chest to put the will in, I told Isaacson to put it in his chest, which he did, he kept it till we came to England; when I came to Deptford I was a little in liquor, I did not mind will or money, or any thing else, and he went to Ostend or some where, and kept the will in his possession, upon this, when he returned, he returned me the will, then I applied to Mr. Giles, to know whether he dealt in any such affairs; he had the will in his possession two or three months before he paid the money, one time he gave me five shillings, and half a crown another, till I gave this order to my landlady that I used to reside with; some time after I came to Mr. Giles, I said, Sir, is not the Superb's money payable now? no, says he, there is no account of the Admiral coming home; when he made me this reply I went, and came again in a short time, and asked him whether there was no money for me; he said, I have some for you, and I want to speak to you; I told him I was going out in a West Indiaman, and had a boat loaded, and must go down; he went with me down towards Thames-street, and went to the door, and knocked at the door; I said, I must go down, and would send up a note about any thing he had for me; I gave Giles a letter of attorney to receive this money, and to pay it to one Kernan.
Did you at any time belong to the ship Inflexible?
Yes.
Was you at the Cape of Good Hope the same time that the Naiad was?
Yes.
The ship's company frequently mixed on shore?
Yes, at Penguin Island.
Did you at any time see any thing pass respecting the prisoner on board his own ship?
Yes, our ship used to attend the sick on shore, so I went on shore one day, and I saw one Christopher Dalton pull a paper from under his head, and he said to a man, one Glass Isaacson, give this to M'Grath, on board his own ship; and we went to the shore and carried Glass Isaacson in our boat, and put him on board the Naiad, and the prisoner came upon deck, and he asked me down to dinner with him, and while we were at dinner this Dutchman came down and spoke to the prisoner, and told him he had a paper for him, and he desired him to give it him, and I saw him give him a paper, and he told him that was the will of Mr. Dalton that was on shore, who sent it to him.
Did you take that paper into your hand, or look at it at all?
No, I did not, it would be of no use, I cannot read; and the prisoner told his messmate to put it into his chest, it might be of service to him another time.
There were on shore upon this island the crews of several ships?
Yes, there were seven or eight sail.
Was it possible for a person from one ship to witness a will at another?
I think so.
Did they mix promiscuously together?
Yes, the crews of several ships were together all day.
I suppose they drank together and eat together?
They did.
Did you within your own experience ever see a will witnessed by two persons, one belonging to one ship and another to another?
I do not know that I have.
Have you known the prisoner any time?
Yes, I knew him and Dalton both in New York.
What time was this?
It is five or six years ago now, as near as I can tell, it was in the summer time.
How long was it before Dalton died?
I believe it was four years before he died, that was when I first knew him.
When you went to the ship who did you ask for?
I asked for M'Grath, he answered me by that name.
I understand him that he knew him four years before he died.
Where was this paper given to you?
At the Cape of Good Hope, between the 11th of December and the 8th of March.
What did you mean to tell me that it was summer time?
I thought you asked me what time of year it was that I knew him.
I asked you what time it was this transaction had passed that you have been relating?
It was between December and March.
How long was it before his death that that paper was sent from him to the ship?
I cannot say, I do not know when he died, or whether he is dead yet or no.
Did he go by the name of M'Grath?
He answered me by that name.
How came you to call him M'Grath?
I cannot tell whether he went by the name of M'Grath, but I knew him by that name that he went by in New York.
He went by the name of M'Grath in New York constantly?
He did.
You remember the prisoner at the bar of course, Sir, on board this ship?
Perfectly well; he always behaved himself remarkably well, he was beloved by the ship's company, a man that was very attentive to his duty, and I had a high opinion of him, I would have trusted him with any thing.
I am a peruke-maker, I have known him nine months, I know nothing but that he always was a very good spirited man, and very honest.
I am a hair-merchant, I have known him seven or eight months, he had a very good character indeed, very honest and very just, and liked by every body.
Was you on board the Naiade, at the time the prisoner was?
I was, he was very attentive as far as ever I knew.
Did he behave well in the station of a seaman?
Very well.
Had he the reputation of honesty?
I never heard any thing against his character.
My Lord, I have omitted a material question, which the witness Davis can perhaps answer; it is stated in my instructions, that the prisoner and the deceased were sister's children. Do you know whether the prisoner was nearly related to the deceased?
I always heard so.
Was it understood so at New York?
It was.
What time did he come away from the Cape?
He died on Friday the 17th of December, 1783, on the same night he was landed from the ship.
Was he landed in the morning or the evening?
He died a few hours after he was landed; he was landed I think about four or five in the evening, and he died that night.
