I am the wife of the prosecutor. I live at Clerkenwell . On the 7th of this month, between ten and eleven o'clock, I went down in the yard for a pail of water; I lodge up three pair of stairs; I stopped a little at the first pair of stairs; going up to my lodging I heard a noise up stairs, and I met the prisoner coming down. I asked her who she wanted; she said a mantua-maker. I asked her the mantua-maker's name; she said Mrs. Wood. I asked her what she wanted with Mrs. Wood; she said she had got a gown of her's. I said no such person lived in the house, nor in the neighbourhood, that I knew of; then she drew from under her cloak in her hand a dirty towel. I suspected it was mine; at the second look I found it was not mine. Seeing she had a great bundle in a checque apron, I asked her to let me look what she had got in her apron, she willingly let me, and I saw in her apron the things mentioned in the indictment.
Did you know her before?
No. She said she found them in the entry. They were in my drawer when I went down stairs.
Whether she did not say at the justice's that she took them up in the entry?
She dropped them when the constable came up, and they were upon the landing-place when he came up.
I live up one pair of stairs in the same house with the prosecutor; Mrs. Fuller called somebody to come up stairs, and said she was robbed. I went up, and saw the prisoner upon her stairs, which are the third pair, near the bottom; she had something in her apron; it was quite full. I put my hand in her apron, and saw they were the prosecutrix's property; I knew them very well, because we had lived in the house many years.
The things lay in the entry; Mrs. Fuller wanted me to put them up in my apron, and said if I did not take them up she could not hurt me.
Did any thing of that sort pass?
No; not when I was there; she begged to be let go.
My mistress sent me to ask at this place for one Mrs. Wood, a mantua-maker, to come and try a gown on she was making for her. Going up the second pair of stairs, I met Mrs. Fuller coming down with a pail of water; she asked me where I was going; I said up to the garret to ask for Mrs. Wood, she said no such person lived there. She said I had been to rob her place; she took up a gown and cloak, and said I had been to rob her. She wanted me to take the things; when I would not, she said she would do for me; she called up this woman, and then sent for her husband, who sent for a constable.
