I am servant to Mr. Akerman.
Was the prisoner at the bar at any time confined in Newgate?
Yes.
Which Weston?
The prisoner at the bar. Afterwards, the women went away in a great hurry, as if they were going a journey; they wanted a coach, and desired me to get one. I looked at the stand; there was none: I went to get one, but they were gone before I returned. A little while after, as I was sweeping the passage, I heard a noise of violence; I turned round, and saw Mr. Lapierre, and George Weston , making at the gate.
Lapierre was in custody for high treason?
Yes. I tried to shut the gate, but missed it; upon which I jumped down the steps. I had the hair broom in my hand; I used some expression, I cannot remember what now, and made a blow at the Frenchman, which he received upon his arm; the broom broke. I made another blow at George Weston . In the mean time, as I was engaging George Weston and Lapierre, Joseph Weston and Francis Nichols ran out.
You did not pursue this man?
No, I pursued his brother; this man ran towards St. Sepulchre's church: I saw no more of him.
How long have you lived in Mr. Akerman's service?
Between four and five years.
Have you been the keeper of the door all that time?
No, I have been all that time as the under turnkey.
You was upon duty, as turnkey, this morning?
No, I was not upon duty as turnkey; I was with the turnkey.
How many men were there at the door?
Only myself at that door.
How was it the prisoner got out of the wine-room, to the fore-door of Newgate?
I was not at that door; I know no more than what my fellow-servant said; there was a person called to him to be let out into the gaol, out of this wine-room.
The stairs are in the gate.
I know the prisoner. I was coming up Cock-lane, with a sack of peas, from the market, about eight o'clock, on the 2d of July; I cannot tell within half an hour, over or under: I was going to Silver-street, with a sack of peas, from Fleet-market. I was going up Cock-lane; that Gentleman (the prisoner) was running down. Some people were making a noise after him; he turned his head, and said, a parcel of fools were making a noise after him. Then the people cried out, Stop thief; upon which I threw the peas down off my knot, off my head, and went up to him, and catched hold of him with my left hand. He said, Let me by, or I will blow your brains out; he took an oath of it. He had no sooner spoke those words, but the pistol went off, over my arm; I turned my head on one side, but it wounded my neck and chin. I held him' till the people came up, and a gentleman knocked the pistol out of his hand, and took it up.
What was you wounded with?
I apprehend, a ball.
What makes you think it was a ball?
Because it took me in one place.
Was you loaded when you laid hold of him?
I throwed my peas down off my knot, and laid hold of him.
Was it not in consequence of your discharging yourself of that load, that Mr. Weston fell?
No, he was not down at all.
Where was the pistol?
He had it under his coat; I don't know whether it was in his hand, or pocket. Immediately as I laid hold of him, it went off over my arm.
Do you suppose, at the time you stopped Weston, he had the pistol in his hand, or his pocket?
I do not know.
It might be an accident, this pistol going off?
No, he said, he would blow my brains out, if I did not let him go.
I am a broker. I heard the cry of Stop thief; I crossed the way. The prisoner was running; I made a catch at him, and had hold of his collar. He clapped a pistol to my forehead; I don't know whether it did not touch my forehead: with that, I turned myself round, and he got from me. He ran, and I followed him, 'till he was taken in Cock-lane by Davis; I was almost by Davis when he collared him. When Davis had hold of him, he took his hand up, and fired at him; whether any words passed I cannot say; he had it in his hand all the way he ran. I called to Davis, and told him he had a pistol.
Did he appear to fire at him?
Yes.
What report was it?
A very strong report, for so small a pistol. I came up, and knocked the pistol out of his hand; we secured him, and delivered him to the constable, Mr. Catchpole.
At the time Davis met the prisoner, he had a sack on his back?
Yes.
The peas were on his back, and the collaring and firing were all at one time?
I cannot say that, whether he had thrown the peas off his back, or not.
Whether the pistol going off was not in consequence of the sack of peas falling upon the man?
No, it was not; the peas fell on the right-hand side.
Are you confident, at the time these two men met, the sack of peas was, or was not, on Davis's back?
I cannot tell.
Did it appear to you, the pistol did not go off accidentally?
No, by pulling the trigger.
Designedly?
Yes.
I am a constable. I had this pistol (producing it) from the hands of Mr. Wallace: on Tuesday morning last, about a quarter after eight, a messenger came to tell me a man had shot at a person in Cock-lane .
The man struck at me, and knocked me down, and the pistol went off accidentally.
