I lost a hair trunk the 18th of January, from a waggon in Bloomsbury Square , that was coming from Maidenhead, about seven in the evening.
I am a porter to that waggon, on the 18th of January I was employed to attend the waggon, I was in the square, it got there about seven in the evening, going to Mr. Ambler in Queen-square, it is a stage waggon; I saw something under the tilt of the waggon not very agreeable, I did not know whether it was a man or what, till he came from under the waggon, it was that man at the bar, he came to me with the trunk in his arms, it was near Mr. Booth's door, where there are two lamps, I
seized the trunk upon him, I asked where he was going with the trunk, he ripped out a great oath, I scuffled and got the trunk from him, he made a stroke at me in the face, on the side of my head, I cried stop thief, and pursued him for a minute, when he was taken, I cannot say I saw the trunk in the waggon, the trunk is here that was ordered to be delivered at Mr. Ambler's house, I was ordered to put my name upon it by the Justice.
I am not positive of that trunk being in the waggon in Bloomsbury-square, I walked by the side of it, I came from Piccadilly with it, I saw no man, but this near it; it was not very dark, there were lamps, I never quitted sight of him till he was taken up by the coach-stand, near Bloomsbury-square.
The Prosecutor deposed, the trunk produced in court was his property; this is the direction for Charles Ambler, Esq; Queen-square, marked 3. this is my master's direction, I was servant to Mr. Ambler; we left all our things to be sent by the Maidenhead waggon, as we came to town, we were in town three days before; Mr. Ambler lives at Maidenhead-thicket, near Maidenhead.
Open the trunk, and shew the things in it?
There were three books I did not mention, I was ordered to open the box before the justice, all the things were then in, and more, they were opened at Mr. Triquet's, one of the waistcoats I put on, I had seen the waggon three days before it came to town.
I was driving a hackney coach, I was on the stand at Bloomsbury, on the 18th of January, it was on a Friday, I went up to the watering house for something to drink, and heard the cry of stop thief, I went without side the stand, I saw the prisoner, he was running and coming towards me, till he saw me, then he shunned me, and got by the third coach hind wheels and the fourth coach-horses heads, I catched him near the fourth coach, in a minute after I saw Bower, who had the trunk, he said that was him, and bid me hold him fast, he had stole the trunk out of the waggon.
It was not very light, I saw nobody but the prisoner when I stopped him, I did not see the man pursuing him just then; the man was coming from Mr. Willmot's, part of the square towards me, my coach was behind the coach where I met him, I saw no other man running at that minute, but him, I did not see no trunk till Bower came up.
I loaded this trunk at Maidenhead, I drive the waggon, I was against the horses when it was in Bloomsbury-square; Bower is porter to the waggon, he always waits at the White-horse cellar; as soon as he cried out stop thief, I stopped my waggon immediately, and I cried out stop thief myself, a man run past me, I did not know he had taken any thing out of my waggon, he ran towards the coach-stand, Bowers and I ran after him, Bowers had the trunk in his hand, I saw nobody flying besides the prisoner, the coachman got hold of him by the shoulders, and took him prisoner.
You loaded a good many trunks for Mr. Ambler?
There were fourteen parcels, boxes and trunks, we lost no more than this.
I know no more of it than the child unborn.
I live in Noble-street, I have known the prisoner six or seven years, he is mostly amongst horses, he lived with me, he is very honest, I have trusted him with twenty, thirty or forty pounds at a time; he has been gone from me rather better than three months, if he was discharged I would now take him as a servant again, for he is very honest; I am a dealer in horses, he is a jockey , he shewed my horses, and looked after them.
I have known the prisoner two years, he lodged at my house at the time he was with Mr. Hatfield, I dare to say sixteen months, I never heard any thing a miss; I am a shoe-maker.
