On the 20th of February last, I lost a pair of coach wheels; they were in the yard; I live in Newport-street ; I was informed the prisoner offered such a pair for sale to John Hoare .
The prisoner came to me and said, he had a pair of wheels to sell; he said they were not his property; another man was with him that was like a wheeler; he offered them for a guinea; I never saw the wheels; he said, they were in a cellar at Saint Giles's, and that they were the other man's property that was with him.
I bought a pair of wheels of James Starling ; he brought them to my stables; I keep hackney coaches; I gave one pound twelve shillings and sixpence for them; the prosecutrix came and claimed them in my coach-house, as they were painting.
I saw these wheels in the possession of Elizabeth Little ; they were my property; I took the wheeler that made them; he is here to prove they are the wheels he made for me; on the Monday night following, I had a pair of harness stole; and on Tuesday night following, I had a hind wheel stole, and I found that the prisoner had sold the harness to one Thomas Walter ; he is here.
On the 6th of March, the day after the prosecutrix said she had lost these things, this Starling came to me about nine at night, and called me down stairs, and asked me if I had ever a yard to put a hind wheel in; I told him I had not, but he might run it down the yard that night; I went up with him to the corner of the gateway, and the prisoner was standing at the gateway, Starling and me went to the public-house, and the prisoner with us; the prisoner asked me if I wanted to buy a good harness; I told him no, I had two, that was enough for me; he told me it would not come to much money; why what money? says I; why, says he, not above three or four shillings; I told him they could not be very good; he said no; I told him he might bring them down in the morning, and I would look at them; in the morning this prisoner and Starling came down with the harness; the prisoner had the harness on his back; I asked him what he asked for them; he said four shillings; I told him no, I would give him three, and I gave him three shillings for them; and in about half an hour after he was taken, and I heard who they belonged to, and I sent the harness home directly.
Who was the prisoner taken by?
By Mrs. Burch's man, and two or three more; we saw him come down the yard.
Is the man here you sent the harness home by?
No, I saw the harness here last session, that was the same that the prisoner sold me.
How came you by your harness again that was stolen from you?
It was sent home; I was not within, the wheels came home at the same time; I am sure they are my property.
I made the fore-wheel, or the man that works for me, which is equally the same; they were made for Mrs. Burch; I saw them afterwards where they were sold, and they were the same that were made for her.
I have nothing to say.
Was you here at the last sessions?
Yes.
Was that harness produced here?
Yes, it was the same that I had lost, and afterwards sent to my house.
