I am a plaisterer's labourer . On Tuesday last in the evening, after we left work, I went into a publick-house, the sign of the Coach and Horses, with my fellow-workmen, in Broughton-street, Berkeley-square. We drank a little beer, and I not being much used to drink, it got into my head; my partner came to the end of Broughton-street into Bond-street with me, there I met with the prisoner and another woman; they seeing me a little in liquor asked me, would I treat them with any thing? My partner left me, and they took me away to a cellar, a publick-house, the corner of Clifford-street; we drank one pot of beer; I had only the price of that pot, and twopence more; I paid for that pot, and was coming away, but the prisoner said she would be three half-pence to my twopence for another pot. They came along with me up the steps into the street; I was going towards home; they stood right before me, to stop me from going away; the other woman stood before the prisoner; she kept talking to me. I missed my watch out of my pocket. The prisoner made her escape directly. I took hold of the other woman who was with her; we struggled all along Bond-street . I said I would hold her till the watch sat. A mob came round me and released the woman out of my hands; then they were both gone, and I was left alone in the street, and could find neither of them.
Was you a good deal in liquor?
I was a little.
Have you a perfect recollection of what passed, so as to be able to swear positively?
I have. There is a mark upon the seal, Wilkes's head. I called it Wilkes and Liberty; it is engraved the wrong side upwards on the seal.
I am a shoe-maker. On Tuesday night the prisoner came to a publick-house, which is a watering-house for hackney coachmen, the Black Horse, at Charing-cross, opposite the Mews-gate. She pulled out this watch and shewed it the man who waters the horses; she asked him to buy it. He said he had no money to buy it, may be I might buy it, pointing to me. She shewed it me, and asked me to buy it. I asked her how she came by it? She said she found it in the kennel. I said if she found it in a kennel it would have been dirty. The watch was going at the time. She said it was dirty, but she had washed it under a pump; I stopped her and the watch.
At the bottom of Pall-Mall a child of mine picked up this watch; she brought it to me at the door, and said, mama, here is something I found. I took it in my hand; I told a man of it, at the door, and asked what to do with the watch, whether I was to advertise it? He took it, and said he would take care of me and the watch too.
