I live at number 10, in Lumley-court, in the Strand . I let a lodging to the prisoner the latter end of last October. Upon the 5th of March, she went away from the lodging, unknown to me, and took the key with her. I had another key. The man who she said was her husband went in along with me. The prisoner took the lodging for herself and her husband, but she said she was the person who would stand to all affairs, and pay the rent. When I went in I missed the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) She came home that night, and said she found I had been after her, and she said if I would not bobble her that night, she would bring the things in a day or two. I listened to her, and she remained above a week longer in the lodging. She told my wife she could not get any money to bring the things in, and that she was going away the week after, but she would bring them in before she left the lodging. She went away on Thursday, and said I might get my things how I could, and she would not tell me where they were. I charged a constable with her, and she was taken to Tothilfields Bridewell. I found the things at the pawnbrokers.
What is become of the husband?
I do not know. She took the lodging; I thought her the proper person so look to for the things. His name is Jones; her name is Holt.
Did not he pass for her husband?
That I cannot say; sometimes she called him her husband, and sometimes he would call her his wife, and sometimes they would not.
I took the lodging for a young man whose name is Jones; he was out of place but about a week; I then took the lodging on myself. I was there six weeks, and paid him all the time. I was then taken ill; I was ill seven weeks, in the course of which time I made away with every thing I had. After seven weeks I was but just able to crawl about with a stick, and the help of a woman who was with me. I had hardly any thing left to cover me. I asked a gentleman to lend me some money to get me some things; I got some, and went out, for I am an unfortunate woman. I had fifteen shillings; ten shillings I paid to the prosecutor; with the rest I bought me a pair of shoes. I had not left the lodging; I told him part of his things were out, but that I would not leave the lodging till I got them in again. He said very well. I told him to let the lodging if he could; I told him on Saturday night I would strain every point to put the things in their place. I heard on Saturday night he had a warrant for me; I said it could not be, for I had been with him the night before, and desired him to let the lodging; he met me in the street and asked me if I had any money; I told him no, but I hoped I should have some on the morrow to pay him, and get his things home. He charged a constable with me.
How long did she continue in the lodging after you knew she had pawned your things?
About a week.
Was she ill so long as she has said?
She was ill about two or three weeks I believe.
If she had raised the money to get the things, that was all you wanted?
Yes; if she had brought them back I should not have prosecuted her.
