I am a turner by trade, and I live in Lothbury. On the 9th of last month as I was walking alone up Constitution-hill , in the Park, in my way to Knightsbridge, at between eight and nine o'clock at night, a man met me, and presently after I thought I heard somebody behind me; I mended my pace; but at last, I thought I had better stop, left I should be shot or knocked down. I stopped and turned round, and immediately a pistol was presented to my breast, by a man who said deliver your watch and money or I will blow your brains out! Upon which I delivered my watch to him, and three shillings in money. The man who robbed me was much taller than me.
Which way did he go off?
He went out of the Park.
What sort of a night was it?
Not very dark. I know nothing of his person.
Could you distinguish his clothes?
No, only that he had a light-coloured pair of stockings on. I did not look up in his face, I only looked at his hand.
Did you ever find your watch again? -
It is in the pawnbroker's hands.
I am a servant to Mr. Priestman, a pawnbroker, in Princes-street, On the 9th of March, between nine and ten o'clock, the prisoner brought this watch (producing it) he asked a guinea and half upon it, which I accordingly lent him.
Did you know him before?
No, I do no know that I ever saw him before.
How was he dressed?
In a kind of pompadour clothes.
When did you see him again?
About a week or a fortnight after, as near as I can remember, I saw him at Sir John Fielding 's.
Are you sure he is the man?
I am sure he is.
On the 11th of March, at about nine o'clock at night, two gentlemen's servants brought the prisoner in custody to Sir John Fielding 's, and charged him with having stopped one of them in the Park, and robbed him. I was ordered to search him, and in his left-hand breeches pocket I found this pawnbroker's duplicate (producing it) I asked him how long he had had the watch, for the duplicate is of a watch pawned for a guinea and an half? He said he had had the watch six months. I asked him if he had ever pledged it any where else before? he said, yes, once in Westminster. I asked him where he bought it? He said a girl gave it him about six months ago. I went to Mr. Priestman's and found the watch there, which tallied with this duplicate. By the name of the maker of the watch, we found the watchmaker, and he directed us to the prosecutor.
When that gentleman took the duplicate out of my pocket, I thought it was the duplicate of a watch which was my own, and which I had had about six months, that was the reason of my making that reply; but when I examined it in the morning I found it to be the duplicate of another watch which I had pawned for a man the night that that gentleman was robbed. I can prove that I was at No. 8, in Gerard-street, from near six in the evening till near eleven at night, except in the interim between eight and nine, when a young man called and asked if I was there; he was showed into the kitchen to me. He is a whitesmith by business; he had been in town some time, and was out of employ; he said he was going into the country to seek for some work. He said he would sell me his watch cheap as he was short of money and was going to seek for work. I said I had a watch of my own, and did not want to buy one, neither had I money to purchase it. He then asked me to pledge it for him, for as much as I could get upon it, and he would wait till my return. I said I would. I went to Mr. Priestman's and pledged it for a guinea and an half, and brought the money and the ticket back to him. He then said I should have the duplicate. I gave him half a crown for it. He sat down some little time, then took his leave and went away. I stayed there till near eleven o'clock.
I live at No. 8, in Gerard-street, Soho.
What are you?
A servant.
To whom?
The lady of the house.
Who is the lady?
Miss Eggleton.
Is she a lodger there?
No, she keeps the house.
How long had you lived there?
Since last Christmas.
When did you come there?
At last Christmas.
How long have you known this soldier (the prisoner)?
About eight or nine months.
Is he any relation to you?
No.
He calls you to give some account of a watch?
I know nothing about any watch.
What do you come for?
To prove that he was there.
Where?
At Gerrard-street, on the 9th of March, from between the hours of five and six.
What time did he come there?
Before that.
How long did he stay?
Till after ten o'clock.
Do you know any thing more?
No.
When did you hear of his being taken up for this?
On the Saturday, I believe it was the 11th of the month.
Was you before the justice?
No.
You are very sure it was the 9th?
Yes.
What day of the week was it?
On Thursday.
Do you know any thing of any body calling upon him whilst he was there?
There was a man called upon him, but I cannot say any thing particular as to what passed between them.
How long did the man stay with him?
About a quarter or half an hour.
Do you know that man?
No. He was a tall man; he had a brownish coat on. I never saw him to my knowledge in my life before.
How came he to be so late at your house?
I asked Mr. Sparrow to drink tea in the kitchen.
What do you drink tea at ten at night?
No; that was between five and six in the evening. He staid and supped there.
What with you?
Not particularly with me; there was another servant in the house.
But was he your friend or the other servant's friend?
Not particularly, he came to do work there.
Who was it invited him to stay?
I did.
Do you know the prisoner?
I know nothing of him, only I was at the same house where he was last Thursday was three weeks.
At whose house?
No. 8, Gerrard-street, where Mrs. Keys lives.
Whose house was that?
I do not know the owner of it; I went to see Mrs. Keys there.
Do not you know whose house she lives at?
I knew Mrs. Keys when her husband was living.
Did you know the prisoner before?
No, I did not.
What time did you come there?
About six o'clock.
How long did you stay?
Till a little after ten.
You made a long visit, where do you live?
In Oxenden-street.
How long have you been acquainted with Mrs. Keys?
About a twelvemonth.
What did you lodge in Oxenden-street?
Yes.
Do you know of any body coming to him whilst he was there?
I know of a man calling on him, who said he wanted to speak to him, and what they said together I know not.
Do you know how the man came to find him out?
I do not know that indeed.
Whether you did not see me give him a guinea and a half and a duplicate of the watch.
I saw the prisoner give the man a guinea and a half, I think it was, it was gold.
What did you see the man give the prisoner?
I did not see the man give him any thing. What they had to say before I do not know.
How soon after the man came in did the prisoner give him a guinea and an half?
It might be a quarter of an hour or a little better; he went out and came in again and gave it him.
I did not carry my own watch to pawn myself, but I fancy it was pawned at Mr. Steel's, who lives going out of New Tothill-street, into the Ambury. I lost the duplicate a day or two before I was taken.
I keep the Black Bull in Chapel-street, Westminster. The prisoner was quartered upon me last year; he behaved very honest and good during that time.
Are you any relation to this Mary Watson ?
Yes.
What relation?
I am her husband. I have known the prisoner upwards of a twelve-month; I never knew any ill of him.
Are you a private soldier?
No. I belong to the Jamaica regiment.
How long have you been in that regiment?
But a very short time. I was in another regiment, and came into that.
From what regiment?
The 75th.
How long had you served in the 75th?
Three years.
Has your wife known the prisoner as long as you have done?
No, she never was acquainted with him at all.
I have known him a year and three quarters. I never heard or saw any thing amiss of him. I always took him to be an honest sober man.
