I am a watch-maker ; and live in Cockspur-street, Charing-Cross . On the 19th of March last, about eight o'clock in the morning, I was down in the kitchen, and I heard my servant girl scream; I ran up stairs; the girl said some man had stole some watches; the prisoner was brought back in about seven or eight minutes after: I know nothing of the fact.
I am servant to Mr. Emery. I was at the parlour-door; the prisoner came into the shop; it was a little before eight o'clock in the morning; the parlour is facing the shop; there was nobody in the shop at the time, except another man with the prisoner; I saw him take a watch off the hook at the window; I said, My God! he is taking some watches! he made to the door to go out; I followed him.
Does the shop-door open into a passage?
No; it opens immediately into the shop, only there is a little partition in the shop to break off the wind: when the prisoner went out, I immediately followed him.
What became of the other?
He stood at the door: I cannot say whether he went into the shop or no, I was so frightened.
Are you sure it was the prisoner that went into the shop?
Yes; for I had hold of his coat while he was taking the watch off the hook. When I came to the parlour-door, I made up to him; and when he got to take hold of the watch, I laid hold of his coat pocket, and said what I mentioned; he went out.
How did he get from you?
I can't be sure whether I had hold of him then or no; I cried out, That man has stole some watches! he ran as fast as he could; when he got off the pavement a little way, I saw him drop a watch; a person picked it up, and gave it to me; I cried out, Stop thief! he was pursued, taken, and brought back to the shop.
Are you quite sure that the man that was brought back, was the same you saw take the watch?
Yes; this is the watch (producing it) that was picked up, and given to me.
This watch was in my shop: I had it left to repair.
Whether you did not say the man that took the watch, had an apron on?
I never said any thing about an apron; but when he first came into the shop, I thought he had been one of my master's workmen.
On the 19th of March, I was going along Cockspur-street, in the morning about eight o'clock; I heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran; I saw the prisoner throw two watches into an area; he was running; I don't know whose area it was; but I was present when the watches were picked up, and it was in the same place where I saw him throw them.
I was coming down St. Alban's street; I heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner was coming down; somebody went to stop him; he said, Don't stop me; if you do, I will hang your head about. A gentleman came up on horse-back, and said he saw him fling down a watch or two; I laid hold of his collar, and said, My lad, two can play at that as well as one: he had an apron on, a clean shirt, and his waistcoat open; I thought he belonged to some branch of business.
I was at Mr. Emery's door, serving the maid with milk; the prisoner came to the door, and another was with him; he asked me, what my business was? I said he might see what it was: he thrust between me and the window, and went into the shop; I saw him have the watch in his hand; the other thrust me by, and bid me give him an halfpennyworth of milk; then he said, he wanted none. Mr. Emery's maid came up to take the milk; they pushed by me, and I afterwards saw the prisoner throw the watch down into the street.
I was coming from Spring-Gardens on Monday morning, the 19th of March; it wanted about five minutes to eight; just as I came by Mr. Emery's door, I saw the prisoner run out of the shop; the maid followed, and said, My God! that man has stole something out of the shop! I cried, Stop thief! but could not catch him; I saw him drop the watch just now produced, in the road; I thought, as he had dropped the watch, he had got no more, and I did not pursue him immediately; but he still kept running on; that rather gave me a suspicion that he might have more; I pursued him; he crossed over towards Mr. Nicholson's, and going upon the flag pavement, his foot slipped, and he was near falling down; he then crossed over towards Mr. Pinchbeck's, in Cockspur-street; I followed him then, and in St. Alban's street he stopped of his own accord; when I came up, he said, Who did you call stop thief after? I said, to you; I saw you steal the watches: I catched hold of his collar; he put himself in a posture of defence, and said, If you offer to stop me, I will cut or knock you down: I catched him by the collar, and brought him back to Mr. Emery's.
On the 19th of March last, about eight in the morning, I was in the kitchen; I heard a rattling, like the breaking of glass; I then heard the cry of Stop thief! and I found two watches in the area, under my snuff-shop; I took them up, and kept them till Mr. Emery called upon me. These are the watches.
They are my property; they are all three gold watches these were all I missed.
Was it this area you saw him throw the watches down?
Yes.
I heard the cry of Stop thief! a man laid hold of me, and said I had stole the watches; he took me back to the shop. I am very innocent of it: I never was in the shop, nor near it. I am a breeches-maker.
I have known the prisoner and his family twelve years past. I have known him in several different situations, in which, while his mother was living, I believe he always was a very honest lad; I have known very little of him since. He was very honest, and lived in the capacity of a servant with several gentlemen, during the time I knew him.
I am a brother of the prisoner's. I am a gentleman's servant. I don't know any thing that is bad of him.
I am a tide-waiter. I have known him from his cradle: he is a very sober, pretty-behaved boy; I never heard him accused of any thing before now. I would have entrusted him as well as any one of my own children: his family are as honest and sober as ever existed.
