The prisoner was my servant . She had lived with me only nine weeks. A child found a pawnbroker's duplicate of a sheet, in the room where she lay; that gave me a suspicion of her. I went to Justice Wright and got a warrant against her and another servant of mine, and a Mrs. Riley, whose name was on the ticket. When the constable came I went down to the prisoner to know if she knew a Mrs. Riley, and finding she did, I took her only up. The sheet I had found the ticket of was not marked. The pawnbroker, after she was committed, found out another sheet, and a spoon, which she acknowledged she had pawned.
Was any promise made to induce her to confess?
I promised before the justice, the first time, if she would confess to all the things I would not prosecute her.
Did she own to the spoon before or after you made the promise?
Afterwards.
Did she acknowledge any thing before you made the promise?
She said before the promise, that she had only pawned one sheet.
Were any of the things found?
Only the two sheets and one tea-spoon. I missed at different times nine sheets, two table-spoons, four tea-spoons, and three table-cloths.
Are you sure they were in the house when she came to live with you?
Yes. About a fortnight before the linen was right, all but one table cloth.
I am a pawnbroker. I have a tea-spoon, which was pledged by the prisoner on the 16th of October, and a sheet which was pledged by Mary Riley .
Did you know the prisoner before?
I never saw her before. She pawned it in the name of Mary Queenland . It is marked E. Q. She told me it was her own.
I pledged a sheet with Mr. Harrison. The prisoner brought it to my house; she told me she got it from a friend of her's and she wanted to get a little money upon it. She desired me to carry it to the pawnbroker's for her, and she would have it out in a few days. I pawned it for six shillings, and gave her the money.
Did she ever give you any thing else to pawn?
No.
I brought it to her; she knew I was to bring it out on the Monday following. On the Monday I was taken up. I know nothing of the spoons.
