I live in a house in King's-Place ; I keep that house; the prisoner, who was my servant , and a Frenchwoman, were all the persons that composed my family. On the 15th of January, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment. Every one of the things mentioned in the indictment were my pro- property; they were all previous to that time in my house. The prisoner was my housemaid ; on the morning of the 15th of January she absconded from my house, which occasioned a suspicion that she had taken these things. I made an enquiry after her; I got a search warrant from a justice of the peace of search her father's house, where I apprehended I should find her. The prisoner was found at her father's house in Buckles-Court, St. Martin's-Lane, and several of the things I had lost were found in her possession; they were delivered up to the constable; she there confessed taking all the things which are mentioned in the indictment. She said some of them were at a lodging she had taken in Swallow-street, the others were pawned. She directed us to the pawn-broker's, and also to her lodgings. The bed, blanket, bolster, tea-kettle, candlestick, and a coarse sheet were found at her lodging in Swallow-street, and some things were in the possession of the pawn-broker.
Whether she did not offer me these things in lieu of money? I was hired a servant to her. She had four girls that saw company. The woman kept the house. She wanted me to go into company. I would not. She sent a gentleman down stairs after me; I would not comply with him; he went out in a passion; she came down stairs and abused me, and said I hindered her of a guinea to her house; after that, she sent me up to the bed room, a gentleman came up, and she locked me in; she kept me there all night, the gentleman was to give me five guineas; he said he left it in her hands. She said she was distressed, and was going to live in a house at Brompton. She kept a very disorderly house in King's-Place.
Had you the sum of five guineas deposited with you for that girl?
There never were such words mentioned, if it was the last moment I had to live, nor ever such speeches came out of my mouth; it is all a falsity; she has raised this, in order that it should be against me, on account of the things she carried off. I never heard a word of this before.
Did you promise her any money?
No; I had fourteen shillings of her's, which she had received as vails, she put into my hands, and I told her I would buy her a gown with it.
Then you did not offer her these things voluntarily in lieu of money she was to have?
No.
The things she accuses me of stealing from her, with a bed-gown she gave me to do my work in of a morning, I left it dirty in the pail. I gave her warning several times, and she would not pay me what she owed me. I went away between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning. She gave me a shift and other things; she claimed a right to every thing she gave me, which was a bed-gown and shift and other things, which I gave up to her.
Did you give her this bed-gown?
Never.
Did you lock this girl up in company with any gentleman?
I never mentioned any such thing.
But did you ever do the fact?
Never upon my oath.
She has drawn many a girl in the cord and debauched them.
Has the girl ever warned you to quit your service?
No; I warned her before, and she always cried to stay. She would not work; she frequently got in liquor, drank beer and gin much.
Please to ask the constables; they know she keeps a bad house; there are people come every night and break her windows, and her house is tore to pieces.
That does not concern you; that is nothing to you.
I am servant to the pawn-broker at whose house some of the things have been pledged. My master lives at the corner of Crown-street, Soho. A sopha cover had been pawned at my master's shop on the 13th of January last; they were not taken in by me. On the 14th of January a counterpane, sheet, and napkin were pledged with me by the prisoner. Half a guinea was lent upon the sopha cover, a guinea upon the others. I asked her whether they were her's or no. She pledged them in the name of Frances Aldridge , and the sopha cover had been pledged in the same name the preceding day, therefore I was the less anxious about enquiring whether they were hers or no.
I am a constable. William Thickbroom another constable and I went with a search-warrant to the prisoner's father's house. It was some time before we could gain admittance. Thickbroom got in at the window. We found the prisoner; she owned to the articles. She gave us the knives, forks, shift, and cotton jacket and coat.
Were there any promises of favour or threats made use of?
None.
I am a constable; I went with Davison; I got in at the window. I found the prisoner upon the top of a bed; this was between twelve and one o'clock in the morning; she was covered over in the bed in her father's house. She got out; she said she would go with us. She delivered up to us the duplicates of the several things that have been pledged at the pawn-brokers, and she said she would show us where the other things were in the lodgings she had taken, and she delivered over the other things at her father's house; she went with us to her lodgings; there the other things were found; the prisoner said she would give them up to her mistress, provided she would not prosecute her.
What did the mistress say?
She would leave it to the justice; she would leave it to the law to decide whether she should be prosecuted or not. We took her before the justice; there, upon examination, the prisoner said there was no person concerned in the business but herself, but she said something about the girls persuading her to take them away.
My mistress sent me to pawn those things; she would not have duplicates in her pocket for fear she should pull them out of her pocket. She pawned those things to pay her landlady.
Have not you got a husband living?
I have not.
Are you a single woman, or a widow?
I am a widow.
She had a husband, and I have often heard her say that he was gone down to Portsmouth?
I have one child, but never a husband.
The feather-bed is an old bed which I laid upon in the kitchen.
Was the prisoner the only servant you had in the house?
Yes.
She used all the girls of the town so ill, that they left her. How I came to know she was a married woman was, when she wanted me to go into company; I said I was a married woman, she said so was she a married woman, but for all that she would go with a gentleman sooner than want money.
I live in Vine-street, St. Martin's-lane.
What are you?
I live upon my means; my husband maintains me in a genteel manner. I went to ask the prosecutrix two or three questions about her. I went to ask her what the affair was; she told me of the things that were taken, and she told me that she came to her for a service; and she told me she was something I do not like to mention, unless I must do it; she said she kept girls, and she thought the prisoner at the bar in a little time might become one of her girls, or her women; I do not know what she called them; I cannot tell what it is. She said she meant to go out the week following to buy her a pretty linen gown, and send her into her business. I supposed so by her meaning.
When was this?
After this affair happened.
The prisoner was then in custody?
Yes. But this is what she told me was her intention, and that she might have made very well of it, if she had not gone away.
Was this all?
There was a great deal more said, for I talked an hour or two with her, but I cannot remember any more at present.
Had you any conversation with the prosecutrix about her situation, whether she was a married woman or no?
I do not recollect; the prisoner is a married woman, because I was present at the prisoner's marriage.
What is become of her husband now?
Her husband was out of town at the time; he left her distressed, so she went there to live in his absence.
What is her general character?
Very good; she has lived with me.
You have not had any knowledge of the prosecutrix, have you?
I never saw her till I went to speak to her; she herself discounted her life to me, for I did not know what she was.
I live in Grafton-street, Long-Acre, opposite the Seven Dials.
Are you a house-keeper?
Yes. I have known the prisoner upwards of nine years. I never heard any thing laid to her charge before I heard this.
Do you know any thing of the prosecutrix?
No; I never saw her in my life till last night. I know nothing of her.
I have known the prisoner almost seven years; I never heard, saw, or knew any thing bad or indifferent of her in my life before last Monday. She is an innocent, modest girl, and is a girl that has had a good education.
Do you know any thing of the prosecutrix?
No.
I live in Clare-market.
Are you a house-keeper?
Yes. I have known the prisoner ten years; I never heard any thing that was bad of her till I heard of this matter. She came of honest parents and always behaved herself well.
You know nothing of the prosecutrix I suppose?
I do not.
I live in Gerard-street, Soho.
Are you a house-keeper?
Yes. I have known the prisoner from an insant. I knew her parents before she was born; they were industrious hard working people. I never heard any harm of the prisoner in my life before this.
I have known the prisoner these twelve years. I know nothing but what is good of her; her general character is very good.
You know nothing of this fact or of the prosecutrix?
Nothing at all.
The person who was present at the time she gave me these things is absent.
She came to my house on the 13th or 15th of January, with two bundles and desired to leave them for two or three hours, which was permitted her. She lived about five doors from me, I have known her for some time; I never heard any imputation upon her character before. She is a married woman. I never knew any imputaion on her virtue or her honesty.
