I am clerk to Mr. Benjamin Smith , a brewer, in Oxford-Road.
Has he a partner?
Yes, Richard Kinnersley .
Do you know the prisoner?
I do; he dealt with us about three months, for twopenny, small beer, and ale. He paid me the 10 l. when I took my first bill, upon account; the second bill I took him, he gave me a note, drawn by John Jones , at Dartford, for 20 l.
What day was that?
I think the 8th of March last; this is the note: I received it of him for Mr. Smith. I asked him, who Mr. John Jones was. He said, he lived at Dartford; he was agent to Mr. Cook, who kept the lime-kilns at Dartford, and that he kept his cash at Mr. Drummond's, at Charing-cross. I took the note; and upon the strength of this note, Mr. Smith and Mr. Kinnersley trusted him with 30 l. more. Some little time before that, about a fortnight, I believe, I went to enquire at Messrs. Drummond's, whether the note was good or not. They said, they knew nothing of any such person.
How do you know that to be the same note you received?
I saw the prisoner indorse his name upon the back of it.
Did the prisoner say he knew this Jones?
Yes, he said, Cook belonged to the limekilns, at Dartford; that Jones was his agent; that he dealt with him for 3 or 400 l. a year in breeze.
You are clerk to Mr. Smith?
I am.
Is there not an action now against the prisoner, in the Common Pleas, for this business?
I cannot say.
Has not Mr. Smith commenced an action against the prisoner, for the balance of his account?
He has commenced an action for his debt.
Do you know whether this note is included in that demand against him in the Common Pleas?
I believe it is.
Did you make out that bill?
I did; it was 50 l.
Is the action upon the note, or goods sold?
Upon goods sold.
Did he say, at any time, that he knew Jones, and that he was frequently in town?
Yes, he said, he dealt largely with him; very largely: he often came to his house, and he had been there the day before I called last time, to let him know where the note was.
Where do you live?
At Dartford .
How many lime-kilns are there at Dartford?
Two.
Are you the proprietor of either of them?
I am of one.
Do you know such persons as a Mr. Jones, or a Mr. Cook?
There is no such person there.
How long have you been proprietor of that kiln?
Nine years; my father had it nineteen.
During that time, has there any such person as a Mr. Jones, or Mr. Cook, had the kiln, or acted as agents?
No, our business is not so large as to need agents; we do it ourselves.
Then you do not buy 3 or 400 l. worth of breeze a year?
No, we use no breeze; we use coals.
You are, I believe, proprietor of the other lime-kiln at Dartford?
Yes.
How long have you been so?
Six years; and I have known it thirty years.
Did you ever know, in that time, such a person as Mr. Jones, or Mr. Cook, as proprietor, or agent?
I never knew any such persons.
I took this note of one Mr. John Jones , who told me he was going to live at Dartford; he had value received for it, on my account. The goods this man has stated that I sold to Mr. Cook, is false, I always served Mr. Talbot. That gentleman knows Mr. Talbot.
I do know Mr. Talbot.
This gentleman represented himself as a schoolmaster, going to live at Dartford .
Was not there an indictment preferred for this matter last sessions, at Hicks's-hall?
There was.
And it was thrown out?
It was, for some mistake.
Did you ever give the prisoner a note, to the\\ amountof 20 l.?
I did.
Did you receive value for that note?
I owed him the money.
What are you?
I keep books for trades-men.
What, in London?
Yes.
You do not live in the country?
No.
You are in a great way of business?
No.
You don't deal for 3 or 400 l. a year, with any body?
No.
Pray who may be your banker?
I have none.
Child is not your banker?
No.
Nor Mr. Gosling?
No.
You have no cash there at all?
No.
Nor never said you had?
No.
What notes did you use to give; promissory notes?
I gave a promissory note to that gentleman
When?
I believe it was in March; it was about the 7th or 8th, I think.
Can you repeat the note you drew?
It was drawn a promissory note, for 20 l.
That was the whole of the note?
Yes.
Signed John Jones , or James Jones ?
John.
John, at length?
Yes.
It was not drawn upon any banker?
No.
You have no cash at any banker's?
No.
Can you write?
Yes.
Be so good as just to write your name on a piece of paper. - (He does so.)
Then, if I understand you right, you never had, nor pretended to have, cash at any banker's; and you never lived out of town, or pretended it! - No; I did intend to live out of town.
But you are not proprietor of any brick-kilns?
No.
Nor lime-kilns?
No, I never was.
Did not you tell the prisoner that you did reside, or intended to reside, at the place?
I did.
They do not call you Lord Jones?
No.
Where did you intend to reside?
I meant to go down to Dartford, to keep school.
Look at that note.
That is my handwriting.
You write very differently to-day, to what you did then.
We wish the witness would write his name in a larger hand.
Do you often give notes?
No.
Do you ever draw bills upon any person?
No.
You said just now, the note you gave the prisoner was not directed to any banker at all?
Yes it was.
How came you to say just now, before you saw it, that it was not?
I do not re- recollect that.
Yes, you did; the Counsel asked you the question, before he shewed you the bill. Who was it directed to?
Mr. Drummond; I intended to have had the cash there before the note was due. They arrested the man for the note, before it was due; and, not content with that, they now try to take away his life.
You told the Counsel you never kept cash there in your life?
I intended to have paid it in there.
Are you acquainted with them?
I know them.
Is there any body here will say, from Mr. Drummond's shop, that they know you?
I don't know that there is.
Where did you live at this time?
In Tottenham-Court Road.
Did you date your note from Tottenham-Court Road?
No, I intended to go and live down at Dartford, to keep school there.
I am a smith, and farrier, in Tottenham-Court Road.
Do you know the hand-writing of the last witness?
I believe I do, if I see it.
Do you know the hand-writing to that note?
I believe this to be the hand-writing of John Jones , of that same man that was witness here; I have a bill here of his writing.
Does Jones write out your bills for you?
He does, at times.
Then you perfectly know his hand?
Yes.
Is that his hand-writing? (shewing the paper he wrote his name upon) - The J is much like his hand-writing; but he might be intimidated here.
But you are sure that is his hand-writing?
Yes, they are very much unlike.
He never lived at Dartford?
I cannot tell; he might have lived at Dartford, for what I know of.
What is he?
He was recommended to to me as being a man decayed a little in business.
How long have you known Preston?
Fourteen or fifteen years, I believe, and have earned many a score pound of him.
Do you know Jones?
Very well.
Do you know his hand-writing, when you see it?
I am not a great judge of writing; but I have here a bill of his hand-writing, he wrote three or four months ago: he keeps almost all the tradesmen's books about us.
What is the general character of the prisoner?
I never heard any harm by him.
What is the general character of the prisoner?
He always behaved well to me; as to his general character, they may give you a bad word, perhaps; they may give you a bad character, for what I know.
Has he dealt honestly with you?
Yes, and all that I had any connections with.
You are a clerk in Mr. Drummond's house?
I am.
Is there any person of the name of John Jones , who keeps cash there?
There is, or at least there was, at the time that note was drawn.
Do you remember that note being tendered for payment?
Yes.
Does any John Jones , living at Dartford, keep cash with you?
No.
Was that draft ever tendered for payment?
Yes, and refused.
Do you know that man (Jones) ? - No.
Do you know whether he ever kept cash at your house?
No.
Does it not happen, in the business of a banker, that notes are drawn on a particular house; and that afterwards cash is put into the hands of the banker for the purpose of paying those notes?
I don't recollect any such thing ever having happened since I have been in the business.
