I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) out of a two-pair of stairs room, on Sunday se'nnight. I had seen them there about three or four days before.
Does any body sleep there?
Yes; a gentleman who boards and lodges with me; he is not here. The prisoner was my servant . When I missed the things, I took her up on suspicion, and promised to forgive her if she would confess, and she confessed taking them.
Do you know any further of her taking the things than she confessed?
No.
I am a pawn-broker. A person of the name of Ann Harvey pawned a candlestick, three yards and a half of cotton, and a punch bowl with me. She said she was employed by Mrs. Pigott, in whose name she pawned them.
Mrs. Pigott gave me those things last Friday se'nnight, and desired me to pawn them for her; I pawned them with Mr. Whitlock on the Saturday.
Did you make any enquiry how she came by them?
No; she was a woman that lived in very good credit; I had no reason to doubt that she came honestly by them.
I am a constable of St. Paul's, Covent-Garden. The prosecutor sent for me and informed me he had been robbed; and suspected the prisoner. I went up stairs into her apartment, and found a window-curtain between the bed and the sacking.
Was her master present when you found it?
Yes. I found three chair covers in Mrs. Harvey's lodging.
I had the chair covers from the prisoner to pawn, but had not pawned them.
You was present when Halliburton found the window curtain?
Yes.
What room was it in?
The prisoner's room; it belonged to the opposite room.
Was it up?
No; lying in the room.
My master promised to pardon me if I restored the things, upon my word, and not to prosecute me.
Was it the confession the prisoner made that led you to the discovery of the things pawned with Whitlock, and the things you found?
Yes.
Had you found any of the things before the promise?
Not any.
Did you find any of the things but in consequence of that promise?
No; except the curtain.
Did you make the promise before you sent for the constable?
Yes.
Did she tell you where the curtain was?
She lifted up the bed to show us where the curtain was, but said nothing about it.
Do you think it is likely that the curtain would have been found if she had not so done?
No.
