I am a linen draper , in Parliament-street , I was not present when the prisoner came into my shop, I only prove the property; the prisoner was taken the next day as she was going by my shop, she first of all denyed taking it, but afterwards she asked how much the muslin would come to if she was to pay for it, she said she knew nothing of it; after some little time she said, would I forgive her if she produced the muslin, I told her I should not, I should certainly punish her, I was determined to punish such people, as I had been frequently taken in; she begged I would forgive her, and if I would let my young man go with her she would let him know where it was.
I am shopman to Mr. Gwynne, on the 26th of March, the prisoner came to me, and desired I would shew her some fine muslins, either striped, spotted, or corded, she did not care which it was, but it must be fine and curious; I shewed her some spotted muslin, and some streaked, she bought a quarter of a yard of the spotted, and gave me four shillings and sixpence for it, in the mean time she stole a quantity.
What do you mean by one quantity?
It might be two yards and a half.
How do you know she stole it?
I did not see her take it, but immediately after she was gone I missed this muslin.
What did you miss?
Fine streaked muslin.
A piece or what?
I fancy there might be about three yards.
Was it a separate piece?
Yes, the piece had been in paper amongst the rest that I shewed her, and she asked me the price of it, I am sure of that, I cannot exactly say what it contained, but last Christmas when we took our stock, I measured three yards and a half, and no one in the shop can recollect cutting it since; but I cannot positively swear that any of it was not sold since.
Was it off that piece that she had bought?
It was part of another.
What might that piece that you missed be worth at prime cost?
It cost us seventeen shillings and six-pence a yard.
You cannot speak to the quantity there was then of it?
I cannot, she was got out of the shop, clear off before I missed it two minutes.
When did yo u see her again?
The next day she walked by the shop, I knew her again, and followed her directly, and charged her with it, she denied ever seeing it, she said she had been a very good customer and was very sorry such a thing should be supposed of her, as she had laid out a great deal of money; she told me she lived in Peter-street, Westminster, but afterwards we found she lived over Westminster-bridge; she continued to deny it for some time, but going to Justice Hyde's she caught hold of my hand and said, my dear sir, if you will forgive me, I will tell you where you may see the muslin; I told her it was out of my power to forgive her, she must apply to Mr. Gwynne; when we got to Justice Hyde's she denyed saying any such thing, she said it was the muslin she bought that she meant, upon that Mr. Justice Hyde granted a search warrant, and I went to her lodging and found part of the muslin, which was of the same piece that she took the day before, there was about a yard and three nails; after that she confessed where the remainder of that piece was; it was at the pawnbroker's in St. Margaret's church yard, I got it; there was about a yard and a half which she pledged for eight shillings.
Here is a yard of muslin which I took from the prisoner at the bar, I took it the 27th of last March, between ten and eleven in the morning, I am sure it was the prisoner, I have known her some time.
I have been a person that has been very well brought up, and have been in a very good way of business, I have met with very great misfortunes, which has reduced me to do the thing I have done, which I do not deny; I was ashamed to beg; I did this wicked deed through the greatest distress, I have great friends to speak in my behalf that have known me from a child; and so I surrender myself to the mercy of the Court, and the Lord have mercy on my precious infant.
I live at Lambeth Marsh, I am a carpenter, a house keeper, I have known the prisoner ever since she was ten years of age, she is now turned of thirty, she is a journeyman carpenter's wife, her husband is at home, he works for me, and has done for some years, they lodge with me, they have another child besides, the young one she now has in her arms.
What character did this woman bear?
A very good one, I never knew any blemish in her character, she never had but one place, and she lived in it ten years.
Do you know if her family is in any distress?
Yes, my Lord, they kept a chandler's shop and ran out a good deal of money, they were very much imposed on, and lost all they had, and I believe they are in very great distress; they owe me a great deal of money for rent, and I am sure they would have paid me if they could.
The defence of the prisoner is rather addressed to your compassion than your justice, for she does not deny the fact but pleads for mercy; therefore if you think her guilty, you are bound by your oaths to find her so, however painful it may be.
