I live at Hillingdon, near Uxbridge. I was coming in a post chaise from my house to London, on Tuesday the 14th of November, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon; I had a servant behind the chaise. Between the two and three mile-stones at Shepherd's-Bush , the prisoner came up on horseback, stopped the chaise, presented a pistol, and demanded my money.
Was he alone?
I believe so. The words he made use of were, come sir, your money, presently. I immediately put my hand into my pocket. Before I could let the glass down, the door of the chaise was opened. The prisoner took my money from me, and the door was shut again.
Did he say any thing else to you?
No. When the door was shut again, I came on.
Did he take the money out of your hand or your pocket?
He took my purse with two guineas in it out of my hand.
When the door was opened did he put the pistol into the chaise?
I did not see the pistol then, but I saw it presented to me when he demanded my money.
Did you see any person on the road during the time the robbery was committing?
I did not see any immediately, but I alarmed every person I met with on the road. I saw people in a minute or two after the robbery, both on foot and horseback.
How long did he stay with you?
A very few minutes.
Did he meet or overtake the chaise?
He met it, and called to the postillion to stop, then he turned about and came up to the chaise door.
How was he dressed?
In such a great coat as I have on [a lightish colour]
Had he any disguise over his face?
None. I am very clear as to his person.
Did you make any observations of the colour of his horse?
I did not.
Was he long enough with you and did you take so much notice of his person as to be able positively to swear to the man?
I have no doubt in the world about his being the man. I was robbed on the Tuesday; I saw him in custody on the next Thursday, and I was then as I am now, very clear that he was the man who robbed me.
I am servant to Mr. Lane, I have lived with him thirty-two years last November. I was behind his carriage when my master was robbed.
Where did it happen, and about what time?
As near as I can possibly guess, it was pretty near two o'clock; it was at Shepherd's-Bush the man came up.
Who came up?
That very man, the prisoner at the bar, came up upon a bay mare: he bid the post chaise boy stop; the boy would not stop. At last the prisoner waved his pistol over his head, and made him stop. Then he came up to the chaise door and was going to break the window. I said honest man, don't commit a rash action, my master will give you his money. Then the prisoner put his pistol into his left hand, and opened the door of the carriage with his right hand; and I saw my master give him his purse.
Could you see that when you was behind the carriage?
Yes, I leaned forward and saw it.
Did you hear him say any thing to your master?
Yes, he said, Your money, your money, your money! When my master gave the prisoner his purse, he laid it across his thigh, and looked at it, he said, here is no money. My master said there is money. My master offered him his watch. My master told him it was a pinchbeck watch. The prisoner would not take it; he then turned round to me, I had a French-horn under my coat, I suppose the prisoner thought it was fire-arms, for he presented his pistol towards me, for I suppose the space of three minutes, as he went off from me; he went off in a footpace for two or three hundred yards, then I lost sight of him.
Did he keep his eye upon you all the time?
He looked every way, but chiefly upon me, because he was afraid, as I imagined, that I had fire-arms.
How was he dressed?
In a light coloured loose great coat, such as my master has now on.
Had he any thing on his face?
No.
Did you observe him enough to be able to swear to him?
I did.
Are you sure he is the man?
Positively sure. When my master came to town he sent me with a letter to Sir John Fielding's office. I saw Mr. Bond at the office, he read the letter, he said, your bird is in the net; he bid me go to the Rotation-office in Litchfield-street. I begged he would send somebody with me; he sent three men with me. As we were going to the Rotation-office, one of them bid me go into the office and if I saw the person who had robbed my master, to come to him and tell him of it, but not to say any thing there. I went into the office; I saw the prisoner directly, I did not say a word to any body, but came out and told the person who waited for me that the man was there who had robbed my master.
How long was this after the robbery?
This was before four o'clock on the same day.
Are you certain the prisoner is the man?
Upon my oath he is. I am very sorry to say it; life is sweet, I wish I could save him, but I must speak the truth.
How was I dressed?
In a flapped hat, and in a surtout coat which hung down to your heels.
Had I this coat and waistcoat on?
I cannot swear to the under clothes, the great coat covered them; but, my Lord, I swear positively to his face.
To Mr. Lane. Whether you recollect the circumstance of the man's laying the purse across his thigh, and saying there was no money?
When he took the purse he said here is nothing in it, I said, it is all the money I have. I said, I have an old metal watch, you may have it if you please. He made no reply to that, but the chaise door was shut.
On Tuesday the 14th of November, as I was riding from London to Gunnersbury, I met a gentleman's chaise with a black servant behind it, between the Gravel-pits and Shepherd's-Bush, the servant waved his hand to me and said, a highwayman. I passed on, going very fast to Shepherd's-Bush. Then I saw a chaise turn out of the Action road for Hammersmith, and I observed a man riding across the green, which gentlemen frequently do, instead of going round, he gallopped pretty fast across the green, and jumped over the ditch upon the causeway about ten yards before a chaise, then he turned short and stopped that chaise. This was within two or three minutes after the black servant had called out to me; he was on the opposite side of the chaise from me when he stopped it; he did not stay with the chaise more than two minutes; after he left that chaise, he walked his horse on into the Action road, I thought to meet me; began to gallop. When he saw me put n horse into a gallop, he turned about again and leaped over the ditch upon the green as if he was going to the Gravelpits again; then he rode back again to the causeway and followed the chaise towards Hammersmith. I had a very good horse. Just at that instant came up Mr. Hurd, who lives in Oxford-road; I said, that man has robbed a chaise, we will pursue him. He said he would. I rode as fast as I could; I passed the chaise which I had seen him stop. I asked the servant as I rode by, had not that man robbed the chaise? He said yes. I pursued the man as fast as I could; I rode down Brook-green, at the back side of Hammersmith. I saw him at the bottom. He turned away for Hammersmith, and I after him as hard as I could.
Did he see that you was pursuing him?
He certainly did. I met several gentlemen in the road; I said, \"that man is a highwayman, will you help me to pursue him\"? but I got no assistance. I pursued him through Hammersmith. Instead of going the great road through Hammersmith, he took the left hand towards the water-side. He rode down to the water; he could go no farther there; I followed him down to the water-side; I had no assistance; the place was very narrow; he turned about upon me, supposing he had fire-arms, I turned my horse about and rode back; he came after me. I thought to keep before him till he got into the broad-way at Hammersmith, as I expected I should get assistance there. There is a very narrow lane near the water-side, he went up that lane; I turned about and went after him again up the lane; I followed him pretty close. Before he got through that lane into the great road, some people stopped him, and took him off his horse. They found upon him a pistol, a powder horn, and some balls. They did not search him any further at that time.
How was he dressed?
In a light surtout coat; and he rode a bay mare, about fourteen hands high.
How long do you imagine it was after you passed the chaise with the black behind it before you took the man?
From the time I met that chaise, I do not think it could be more than twenty-five minutes. I saw him in less than two minutes after I passed the prosecutor's chaise. I believe I pursued him for about three miles, and I never lost fight of him but when he turned a sharp corner, and then in half a minute's time I saw him again.
Is the prisoner the man you pursued and took?
He is.
From the Prisoner. Whether I presented any pistol to the gentleman?
I did not see him draw his pistol at all. I saw it afterwards taken out of his great coat pocket.
I keep the Queen's-Arms, at Hammersmith. On the 14th of November I saw the prisoner pursued by my door, by Mr. Powell, between the hours of one and two; I was at my door as the highwayman came by me; I thought he rode in a furious manner over the stones. Mr. Powell came up directly upon the back of the prisoner. Mr. Powell said, \"that is a highwayman; I have just seen him rob two gentlemen in a chaise.\" I said, you are well mounted, sir, you may overtake him. I saw the man take towards the water; I thought he would make a double and come round Angel-lane. I went to Angel-lane, there I met the prisoner, as he was coming from the water. The lane is very narrow. When he came near me, I drew a little out as if to let him pass; then I snatched his bridle and stopped his horse.
How soon was this after you first saw him pass by.
I suppose not ten minutes. Mr. Powell came up almost the instant I had stopped him. There came two other men up immediately to my assistance. When I seised his bridle he made an attempt at his great coat pocket; I catched at his pocket and felt a pistol in it; I took this pistol out of his pocket (producing a small screw-barrel pistol). I searched him further, and found a little bag with balls and a powder-horn upon him (they were likewise produced in court). We took him to Justice Miller's; Mr. Miller was ill; he directed us to take the prisoner to the Rotation-office, in Litchfield-street.
What sort of horse was he mounted on?
A bay mare with a switch tail, about fourteen hands high, almost blind.
How was I dressed?
In a flapped round hat, a light coloured great coat, and a light coloured riding dress or jacket. As we were going along, he asked to put his gloves in his pocket, as he was in a great sweat. The beadle of the parish had hold of him on one side, I had hold of his collar. I bid the beadle let his hands go; the prisoner put his gloves into his pocket, and I observed he put his hand into his waistcoat pocket; he brought his hand out of his pocket clinched; I said, what have you got there? I took hold of his hand, and upon opening it, I found this purse with two guineas in it (producing it)
To Mr. Lane. Do you recollect what sort of pistol was presented to you?
This seems to be the same sort of pistol. This is the purse the prisoner robbed me of; it is a very remarkable one, it was a present from a lady; there are two guineas in it, the same I believe that were in it when I was robbed.
I am the beadle of Hammersmith. Mr. Day came up to me between one and two o'clock, and said there was a highwayman gone by, and if I would go to Angel-lane I should meet him. I went there as quick as I could; Mr. Day and Mr. Brooks overtook me. When we had got about half way down the lane. We met the prisoner coming on horseback; as he was passing by, Mr. Day catched hold of the prisoner's horse, and pulled him round; I catched hold of his arm on the other side, and pulled his cuff off. The prisoner was going to strike at some of us. We searched him and found upon him a pistol, some balls, and a powder-horn.
I never saw the gentleman who has been robbed, nor his servant till I saw them in Litchfield-street office.
