I am Mr. Silvester's coachman , I was stopped by two men on Saturday evening, a few minutes before eight, on Constitution hill ; the prisoner came and asked me for my money, I struck at him immediately, another came to his assistance, he then put a pistol to my head, and put my hat before my eyes, and rifled my pockets, I lost my watch, half a guinea, 4 s. in silver, and some halfpence; I then took observation enough to warrant me to swear to his person, I have not the least doubt he was the person that first followed me, he demanded my money; he had on a drab rough great coat, a flapped hat, it was so light I could discover him, I make no doubt this was the man, this was on Saturday evening, the 9th of February; at the public office, there were six or seven, or eight or ten persons together, when I selected him out I pointed him out directly.
Was it a light night, did the moon shine?
No; it was cloudy.
What distance of time was there between the other man coming up?
As soon as he demanded my money I struck him a blow,
before I could repeat it the other came up it was about half a minute, on the Friday following, I saw him at the Justice's office, he was taken on Monday, the men came to tell me he was taken, there were three men taken on suspicion, I was to look round in a back room, I picked him out directly; I gave notice of the robbery on Sunday, I was told to come down on Monday, but I could not, I was in the hall with my master; they were then committed till Friday, I could not attend till the Friday following.
Were all the persons brought there on charges collected together, how came they to fix on those two persons as suspected of your robbery?
I believe they had some information and description.
I was robbed on Saturday, the 9th of February, I was robbed about ten minutes before nine.
What business had you at Constitution-hill at so late an hour?
I had been at Hamilton-street, on business for my master, it was my nearest way to come to Westminster to my master; I should have called for the gown and wig, if my master was come away: this was done in the great coach-way, on Constitution-hill, about half-way from Buckingham-house, to Park-gate, there were no lamps there, it was about 9 o'clock, it was not quite dark; I never saw the prisoner before he stopped me; if a man's eyes are open, it is when they are in danger; I have no doubt of his person, I take upon me to say I am positive of the man, it was ten minutes before nine.
On the Sunday night, the prosecutor and I walked up Constitution-hill together, the Sunday evening he came to me, I and another officer walked there two hours, says he, it was a tall man, I should know, him. Information came of two suspicious persons at a house of ill repute, three persons were there taken, they were all put to the bar together; the house was a public-house, the Fox and Hounds, I believe; I did not see Fray till he came to the office, and then I saw him fix upon that man; there were three persons more at the bar, and there might be five or six persons there, he had seen the prisoner before they came there.
The very night after the robbery, we walked up Constitution-hill, there is no lamps beyond Buckingham-house; it was not so dark but I could fix upon a face very well.
Charles Grubb I know the house, where he was taken up; to be a very bad house.
I live with Michael Burton , Esq; in Tottenham-street, I know the Fox and Hounds, it adjoins to Mr. Moore's livery stables in Tottenham-court road, where my horses stand, Mrs. Watmore keeps it, the 9th of the month was on Saturday; at half past seven, he saw the prisoner in company with Thomas Barret and James Messenger at the Fox and Hounds, that Watmore has absconded, and has not been home since the 3d of February, said I, and certain of Saturday being the 9th, and certain of the hour of seeing the prisoner in the tap-room, in company with Barret and Messenger; the reason I am certain, is, it was my hour of going out to see my horses fed about half an hour past seven.
That when he came in he brought victuals in his hands, two drovers lay there the night before?
That he came in alone.
