What do you know of this prisoner?
I do not personally know her, nor that the property was taken away by her, all I know is, the property is mine, I can prove it, a young man that lives with me, John Davidson , can prove the fact.
Are you shop-man to Mr. Didier?
Yes sir; I do not know the prisoner. On Tuesday, the 13th of November last, I missed fifty-two yards of black mode and silk, about two in the afternoon; I am not positive, whether I saw it for two or three days before, I knew it had been in the shop the day before, Mr. Didier saw it then; on Tuesday the 13th of November two women came into the shop, strangers to me, it was before I missed the mode; as soon as they were gone out of the shop I missed it, in about five minutes after; neither of those women were the prisoner; I did not hear any thing more of the silk till the Friday, then a person informed Mr. Didier about it; I know nothing of the silk being found on the prisoner.
Where did you find your piece of mode?
I came home on Tuesday between two and three, I had the mode in my hand the day before; when I came home I was informed a piece of mode had been stolen; on Friday morning I found it in the constable's hands, in consequence of an advertisement, I could not have sworn to it, but for my shop mark in my hand writing; I never saw the prisoner till after the robbery at the Justice's, I only know from Wolley, the constable, how he came by it; at the Justice's she said she found it, or picked it up, or something, she said two women put it into her lap as she was going along, she acknowledged its being found upon her.
Where do you live?
In Fleet-street, within a few doors of Shoe-lane.
I am the constable; I got this mode out of the prisoner's apron at Mr. Williamson's in Holborn; she said some woman had thrown it down in the street, and she had picked it up, I told her it was very odd, so dirty a night, that there should be no dirt on it; it was a very wet dirty night; I took it out of her apron, and by an advertisement we found the owner, he swore to it.
On the 13th of November these women came into my father's shop, I was backwards, but was immediately called, and just as I came in, they went out on some frivolous pretence, I followed them, and going towards Gray's Inn-lane, they crossed over, and the prisoner was watching them, it is narrow there; I saw her open her apron and the woman popped the things into her lap; I stopped her, and asked her what she had in her apron, she said old cloaths; I desired to see them, and the first thing I saw was some silk stockings and chintzes of my father's, with some other things of a neighbour's.
Though it is very clear this woman did not come honestly by these goods, the offence is different from the charge of the indictment; it appears from Davidson's evidence, that this woman was in the shop of Didier, therefore her offence is certainly that of receiving the goods, knowing them to be stolen; if she had been so indicted, you would have had no doubt of convicting her, but there is now no evidence to convict her on this indictment.
