I am a lodger in the dwelling-house of Roger Slater , in Buckingham-street, York-Buildings . The house was broke open on the 8th of this month. I lodge in the two pair of stairs room: my sister, Caroline Caulfield , had the one pair of stairs room. I went to bed about twelve o'clock. I was alarmed between twelve and one. I desired my sister to get up, and see what was the matter. She got up, and went to the window. Hearing a noise again, I got up, and threw up the sash, and saw two men in the street, opposite the house. I called the watch; and then the men went away. As I continued to look out of the window, I saw a head come out of the one pair of stairs. I thought it was Mrs. Caulfield's brother, Joseph Caulfield , and called Joey! Joey! several times. The man then looked up, and said, D - n you, you b - h; another word, and I will blow your brains out. He then took hold of the lamp-iron, and went down by it, and went down Buckingham-street. I called the watch, and told him which way he went. In a little time after, he was brought back. I knew him to be the man I saw out of the window, by his voice, when I heard him speak. He had no hat on when he got out of the window, and none when he was brought back. There were some bird-cages thrown down under the window, which were brought in after the prisoner.
I lodge in the one pair of stairs, at Mr. Slater's. My brother is sometimes with me, and was the night this happened. I slept in the bed-chamber adjoining to the dining-room: it is the back part of the house, but looks into an alley, which is a thorough-fare. About one in the morning, I was alarmed by a noise in the street. I got up, and looked into the alley, but saw nobody. I then heard the noise repeated, and hearing the birds flutter (there had been three in the dining-room), I concluded it must be in our house. Mrs. Jackson came down stairs, and called me, to open the door. The watchmen came up. I gave them the key of the dining-room. They went in, and I followed, and found every thing in the room as I left it, except the birds. I left the dining-room windows down over night, but they were not fastened. One of the window-shutters was to, but not fastened. I put the side window up, where the birds were, but don't recollect putting it down again. I frequently left that window up. There did not appear to have been any violence used, not so much as a pane of glass broke.
I lodge in the two pair of stairs room, at Mr. Slater's. I got up, on hearing a noise, and saw two men in the street. One of them turned up Off-alley. Then I saw a man get out of the dining-room window, and get down by the lamp-iron into the street. I saw him run down Buckingham-street, and turn up George-street. My sister called, Watch! They pursued him, and the man was brought back. I am sure the prisoner is the man. There was a light in the lamp he got down by, sufficient to distinguish his person.
I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and secured the prisoner.
I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner drop from the lamp-iron. He was stopped by the other witness.
I met with a woman, and gave her 2 s. to let me lie with her. She robbed me of 2 s. I was going away, down Duke-street, and the watchman stopped me.
