I was frightened with the riots, and hid my money under a flag in my cellar on the 8th of June, twelve guineas and two shillings, and I put a half crown more there on the 30th of June, at night, because the mob had threatened to burn my house. I saw my money there on the 30th of June when I put the half crown in. I went to work the next morning. My wife did not know that the money was there. The plumber came and she gave him the key. I knew nothing of it till the next morning, when my wife told me the plumber s had been at work there. I went down to look for the money, it was gone; the flag was for a step. I put it under it in a rag. The plumber took that flag up to lay the pipe down. I did not hear for a month who the plumber was, till my landlord came to town from Blackheath and informed me. Then the prisoner was taken up on suspicion, but denied the fact.
I am a master plumber in Red-lion-street, Whitechapel. I went on the 1st of July, to charge the pipe in the cellar, where this man lives. I gave directions to the prisoner to open the ground to change the pipe. There was nobody employed but him and I. I ordered him to take the stone up; I was in the cellar all the time, but a little way from him when he took it up; when he had taken it up, I saw something in his hand; I do not know what it was, it looked like a rag, and I thought I heard something chink. I said, What have you got there? He said nothing, master, and thrust it into his breeches pocket. He said he was made for ever. I asked him what it was he had got once or twice after, he waved it, and would not let me know what it was. I intended to have told his master the circumstance, but it slipped my memory; he is the paviour's man. I thought no more of the affair till a month after, when the prosecutor came, and then he was taken up upon my information.
To the Prosecutor. What did you put the money in?
In a little silk purse, and wrapped a bit of woollen rag about the purse.
Is this cellar a part of the house?
Yes, it is immediately under the dwelling-house.
I dug up the ground by the direction of the plumber; there was nothing that I saw in the cellar but brick rubbish, so help me God. Four weeks after, this gentleman came to accuse me.
To Clavering. Why did not you mention it to the woman of the house that you had seen the prisoner take something?
I did not know that it was money.
You said the prisoner said he was made for ever; did not you from that circumstance think it was money?
I spoke to him about it once or twice after.
