I am the wife of Thomas Darby , we live in Moorfields . On Wednesday evening the 25th of October, between eight and nine at night, as we were sitting in the parlour, we were alarmed by Mr. Langley, who told us he had seen two men come out of the window; we immediately went up stairs and found the chamber and dining room doors both locked; Mr. Langley fetched two watchmen who got in at the window. They opened the door; we went up and missed all the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them.) We had the house searched from top to bottom but found no person in it.
I went into the room in the afternoon about four o'clock; I saw the window of the dining room was open; I pulled it down part of the way, I don't remember whether I pulled it quite down; I was in the bed chamber again at eight o'clock, the things were safe then. I heard a little rattling against a chair in the dining room, I thought it was the cat, I did not go in.
Did you leave the window enough open for any person to come in at it?
Not without pushing it up; I went up another pair of stairs to put the child to bed; as I came down I heard something of the noise again; when I got down to the parlour the alarm was made.
I lodge in Mr. Darby's house. I was not at home when this happened. I missed the things mentioned in the indictment as my property. Before I went out I waited for the hair-dresser; I looked out at the window to see for him and left the window up.
I was going by with a pot of beer in the evening, a little before nine o'clock; I saw a person standing on the pallisadoes; and another person come off the penthouse over the door on to the back of the man who stood on the pallisadoes; I saw the window sash was quite up; any person might get in that was on the pent-house; I went and knocked at the door. After I knocked at the door I followed them down the street, but they were gone; I could not discern the men so as to know them again.
On the 26th of October, about seven o'clock in the morning I found these things (producing them) in the garret of Bagnal's house were the prisoner lodged. I took the prisoner on the stairs; he had nothing on but his shirt. This bundle was lying in the garret, tied up as it is now, and a cutlass lying upon it.
Do you know who that cutlass belongs to?
No; it belongs to them that took the bundle I dare say; Bagnal I believe made his escape out of Tothilfields prison. I asked Nunn where the bundle came from; he said d - n the bundle.
I took this place of Bagnal; I worked till twelve o'clock the night before to fix up my tools; I gave my box to Bagnal, he carried it up stairs. This man came in the morning and found the things in the place where my box was. I know nothing of it.
