I lodged in Queen-street, St. Ann's , in the house of Edward Roakley ; I was desired by an acquaintance to let the prisoner be with me in my lodgings, as he was out of place, till he could get a place: on the 14th of March he came to me to lodge; he went out very soon on Palm Sunday, between five and six; when I came home from my duty I went to church, and when I returned, I had occasion to go to my box; I had not been there that morning, I found my box locked; I had my money on Saturday in the afternoon, and my money was tied up in a cloth, ten whole guineas, and an half guinea; the room was double locked and padlocked, as I left it; when I missed my money, I enquired after the prisoner, and found he lodged in Whitcomb-street, I had diligently made enquiry, and I found a handsome new trunk, with his name upon it; accordingly on Monday the 21st, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, Atkins, where he lodged, stopped the prisoner, and sent to me: the prisoner denied taking any property; he was searched all over, and in his shoes were found five guineas, two in one shoe and three in the other; one guinea was marked, and the half guinea was marked; the guinea was refused to be taken, for I went to have it changed because it was lightish, and I marked it by taking it in my fingers and striking it pretty quick on a rough whetstone, on the milling edge of the guinea; I should know it if ever it was offered to be changed; and the half guinea I marked with one prong of a fork for the same reason as the guinea; I told John Taylor the constable so, and another person at the office, before he was searched; when we found the marked money upon him, then he acknowledged he had taken it out of my box.
Did you make him any promises before he would confess?
None at all, I am sure of that; he said he took it out of my box with a key: I went upon my duty at night upon the watch, and I locked him in every night.
What did he say?
He said he had taken it, he made some kind of apology when before the Justice, he signified that he was in distress; he had bought new cloaths, a new coat, waistcoat, and breeches, and stockings and handkerchief; he said he had laid out three pounds six shillings in these things, and had spent about two pounds four shillings and six-pence on Sunday in pleasuring, or some other amusement, and the remainder he had; he was committed.
Here are the clothes which he owned, and in his shoes I found five guineas, two in one shoe, and three in another, and one guinea the prosecutor said he could swear to, which was found upon him; I have had it in my possession ever since; he said there was no more money, he had laid out the rest.
What sort of mark did it make?
It made a little sort of a bulge over the milling; this is the guinea.
Are you sure that is the guinea?
Yes.
Are you clear in that?
Yes.
Quite clear?
Yes.
I never saw any money belonging to him, it is all my own; I never saw his box, or had the handling of his money.
