You let lodgings?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes. I have great reason to know him indeed.
Did you ever let your lodgings to him?
Yes, he entered upon them the 6th of September last.
What did you let him?
Two parlours and a kitchen.
How long did he keep the lodgings?
Till the 20th of December.
Did he leave them then?
He had almost murthered me the Thursday before.
How long did he continue to lodge with you?
Till the 20th of December. He was taken by force by the neighbours the Thursday before, upon my cry of murther! for a quarter of an hour. They thought they could not have got in. I had one finger broke to pieces. He was rescued at Buckingham-gate. I went out of town on Sunday morning, and left the man in the house.
How came he to quit your lodging?
I was not in town.
Did he go away of his own accord?
He was taken by the neighbours the Thursday before.
Was you in the house?
I went about fifty miles off. On Thursday morning I missed almost every little necessary in the kitchen. When I came back he had taken off the upper bar of a large kitchen-grate.
What else was taken away?
Seven china plates and one very large dish, earthen ware, a very large stone jar, two padlocks, and one key; he took the padlocks off and then the doors were open, and he took the key of the outer door.
Have you ever found any of these again?
I have seen things I believe to be them; the jar I really saw; the two locks are in court; the rest he has in his possession now at his lodgings.
I had these two locks (producing them) of Captain Malcomb.
That is the prisoner at the bar?
Yes. He told me they were his, he kept them in his pocket a good while; he said that I might have them.
What are you?
A barber and hairdresser. I shaved and dressed Captain Malcomb at that time.
Where was it he gave them to you?
In his own lodgings, at this woman's house.
Where was she then?
Not present at that time; she was I believe out of town. Mr. Malcomb came to me and desired I would come along with him, he had got an order he said from Justice Hyde to break open the door.
When was that?
I cannot tell what day of the month it was.
Why was you to break open the door?
He said he could not get into his lodgings.
What time of day was this?
About four o'clock. I cannot tell the month.
What time of the year was it?
I think after Christmas.
Did any body else lodge in the house besides him?
I believe not at that time.
Was the outer door fast?
Yes it was locked. There was a man answered him out of one of the windows. Mr. Malcomb asked him if he would open the door; he said no. Then Mr. Malcomb said he had an order from the Justice to break open the door. He got a hatchet and broke open the door, and got into his own apartments. Mr. Franklin the constable said, Mr. Malcomb, you had better move away.
What was there a constable with him?
Yes, he brought a constable with him. He is here.
And the constable was by at the time?
Yes.
He went into his own lodgings?
Yes, and packed up his own things. I helped to move away what he said was his own property, to a room he had got at the Cheshire-Cheese, in Chelsea.
Were there any china plates taken away?
No, it was all earthen-ware, except one large red earthen dish.
Are you sure there were no china plates at all?
Yes, I am sure of that, and there was a jar with some pickles in it.
Did you see the plates and dish in his room when you used to attend him?
Yes, I have seen them, at different times in his room, a month or six weeks before this time.
Did you see him use them?
Yes, I have; they were in common use.
Where did these locks come from?
I cannot tell. He knocked one off the street door, when he was locked out once before; the other padlock belonged to the place where he kept his clothes.
There was a key?
I never saw the key of the street door; I do not know whether he had it or no.
You said a man looked out of the window?
There was a man whom the woman had left in possession while she was gone into the country.
Did you stay till the prisoner came from the lodgings and brought the things away?
I did.
Did that man come down to take care of the door?
Yes, and Mr. Malcomb called in the landlord who owned the house, and said see that I have got no more than my own property.
Who is the landlord?
He is not here; his name is Groker, he lived next door but one to the house; he was standing at the door at the time the things were moved away.
How long did you attend the prisoner at the lodgings?
Nine or ten weeks.
He had been locked out once before had he?
Yes, that was about a fortnight before, I believe.
Are these your locks?
I believe they are.
I am a constable. I was employed as a constable to take Mr. Malcomb up. We went with a warrant to search his lodgings. The prosecutrix said she would swear to that plate particularly. She insisted upon having it; I said I did not know that she had a right to take it without she positively could swear to it. She said she could. I said it was hard to swear to a plate. I took the plate away, and put a mark upon it that I might know it, and it has been in my possession ever since. The landlady where Mr. Malcomb then lodged, attends, and will swear that she bought these plates.
Gentlemen of the Jury, this is a most shameful prosecution.
I will grant a copy of the indictment. The court would set any stigma upon such a shameful prosecution.
