I am the wife of William Frederick Glover ; I live in Eagle-street , near Red-lion-square; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, about Christmas. I had been at Greenwich, with a lady who was ill, and left the prisoner in care of the house and my three children; when I came home, I found a four-post bedstead stripped of all the furniture except the vallens.
In what capacity was she in your house?
As a servant . I took her before Justice Addington; she there confessed stealing the things, and went with me to the pawnbroker's where they were pawned.
I am journeyman to Mr. Masters, a pawnbroker, in Holborn; I have three waistcoats, a set of stuff curtains for a four-post bedstead, a petticoat, a shirt, a table-cloth, a stew-pan, and two bed blankets; I took them in of the prisoner, supposing they were sent by the master.
In what name?
Mary Hughes .
Did she tell you where she lived?
We knew where she lived.
Had she been there before for her mistress?
Yes.
Had you known any other instance of her coming from the mistress?
Yes; the mistress has used the shop about two years; she sent things by different servants; we always put the things brought by the servants in the servants' name, though they came from the mistress; they were brought at different times, between July and December.
Did the mistress ever come herself with any thing?
I cannot say I ever saw her; I have lived there but about a year; my fellow servants have seen her at the shop.
I live at the corner of Fetherstone buildings, Holborn; I have a gown pledged by the prisoner for 4 s. on the 6th of December, in the name of Mary Hughes .
Did you know her before?
Yes.
Did you know where she lived?
Yes; I understand the things were Mrs. Glover's; they were her's, and they were redeemed sometimes.
I pawned the things for my mistress; I was sent with them by her.
Where is your husband?
In the East-Essex regiment of militia, at Lynn, I believe.
When did you first miss the things?
Some time about Christmas.
The pawnbroker says you have sent things to pawn by your servants?
I have.
How were the family supplied in your absence?
I left them money, and sent them as they wanted.
Have you sent her with any things?
Yes, and valuable things.
Did she pawn these things without any authority from you?
Yes, she did.
