I lost a watch on Christmas-eve out of my back room.
Where is your house?
In Brooks Market ; the prisoner came in with my sister to bespeak a pad and cushion for her hair; my mother and I asked her to sit down by the fire-side in the back room; I had broke the glass of my watch the night before, and had hung it over the fire-place till I could get a glass for it; after she had bespoke the pad and cushion, she said she had a box at an inn she wanted somebody to fetch and she would come again at seven in the evening to get my brother to go for it, instead of which she came about five o'clock; I asked her to sit down in the back room, and sent my eldest daughter to fetch my brother. The prisoner said what is it o'clock? I looked at my watch and said it is about half after five; a customer came then to be shaved; I went into the shop to shave him and the prisoner then asked my mother if she would drink a glass of any thing.
That was while you was in the shop?
Yes, I heard it; there is only a glass door between the shop and back room, which always stands open. My mother said she did not want any thing, she was going to tea; the prisoner said she should like to have something, it was very cold, and she sent my mother out for a quartern of gin. While my mother was gone the prisoner went out. There was nobody else in the room when my mother went out but a child not five years old. My mother came in and said the watch was taken away; I said then, that woman must have taken it.
Do any other persons live in your house besides you and your mother?
Yes, I have lodgers.
Could not some of the lodgers come into the back room?
There was no other person in the back room.
Can you be sure no other person was in the back room?
Yes, I am sure there was not; my mother was not gone a minute.
How far did your mother go to the alehouse?
About four or five doors. When my mother came back, the prisoner was gone and the watch too.
Did you follow the prisoner?
No, I did not. I went to the top of the street but could not see any thing of her; I never saw her again till I was sent for by Justice Clerk. I charged her with the fact she denied it.
Was the watch found?
No.
What sort of a watch was it?
A silver watch, I take it to be worth two guineas; the justice set it down at twenty shillings.
My Lord, the prisoner says she cannot speak English; she is a Welsh woman.
Did she speak English when she came to you?
Yes, very good English.
Did she tell you in English or Welsh she could not talk English?
In very good English. She says now she has a cold and cannot speak.
The prisoner came to my son's house on Christmas-eve in the forenoon to bespeak a pad and cushion for her hair; she came with my daughter-in-law. I asked her to sit down in the back-room; the watch hung over the fire place.
How long did she stay?
About half an hour.
Did she come again?
Yes, about five o'clock. She said she had a box to fetch from an inn, and wanted my other son to fetch it; I sent my daughter for him; when she was gone the prisoner said she wanted something to drink; I went to fetch a quartern of gin. When I returned, the watch and the prisoner were both gone. I could not be absent more than two minutes. I left nobody in the room but the woman and the child.
Was there any body in the room when you returned?
Nobody but the child.
I met the prisoner in Holbourn and went with her to my brother's on Christmas-eve.
I know nothing of it.
