I am a butcher in Fleet-market, my lodging is in Dean-street, Fetter-lane , I was robbed about two years ago by a servant, and therefore I was very cautious of living any money in the drawers; I laid this money on the top of a corner cupboard, which went up almost close to the ceiling. The prisoner was my servant about half a year; on New-year's Day she went from the shop to the lodgings, as usual, but staid longer than her common time. When we left the shop to go home it was about half after twelve in the morning, my son, my apprentice, my wife, myself and the prisoner, all went home together; she went first into the room with a great deal of courage, then she said, Lord have mercy upon me, here is a piece of work! my wife's clothes lay all about the room.
She spoke as if there had been thieves?
Yes; and I supposed so myself at first; my clothes were flung about in the next room upon the bed and upon the floor; we looked in the other room and there was a door broke open; at last I went into the yard and looked upon the leads; I saw there had not been any body in that way. I then suspected the prisoner. I bid my wife see if the money was safe, but I was afraid it was gone. We missed the money; I took the prisoner up to St. Andrew's watch-house, and then I went with the constable to her sister's to enquire for her, for I suspected one of her sisters; when one of her sisters came down, I asked her if there was not another sister? she said there was, but she was not at home; but the constable went up into the garret, and there he found the other sister. The constable searched her, and took from her eleven shillings, and a half-crown piece; she said her own money was only two shillings and some half-pence; we asked her whose money that was? she said it was her sister's; we went down to the sister in the one pair of stairs room, and asked her if that was her money? she denied that it was. We then returned to the watch-house, and the constable said he had got the money in his hand; I said then there were two guineas I could swear to; I did not say that to influence the prisoner to make a confession, though I believe it had that effect, I believe she thought the money was discovered from her sister; she then told my son if he would go out of the watch-house with her, she would confess; she then said that her sister had often persuaded her to rob her master; that she came on Saturday about one o'clock and tapped at the window, and she let the sister in; that she gave her the money; that she threw the clothes about in one room, and the sister in the other; that she went away with the money, and she never saw her afterwards.
That was the next day?
It was in the morning; she was taken then to the Compter; we took both the sisters to St. Sepulchre's watch-house. The constable searched the prisoner; she behaved with a good deal of impudence, and laughed; since that I have found several bad affairs.
What age is the prisoner?
I do not know, I believe about 21.
Have you ever had any of the money again?
Not a farthing.
Had she had opportunities of seeing where you put your money?
I believe she had; she acknowledged that her sister had been with her above a week before to induce her to rob me; I have found since that she has been several times concealed in the house, and lain with the maid without my knowledge. The wards were taken out of the lock of the street-door, and there were pick-lock keys found; she has confessed she could open any door in the house.
I am the wife of the prosecutor, I counted the money that day at eight o'clock, and put it there; they were all good guineas; I put in five guineas that day to make it up even.
Did you observe at any time that the prisoner had an opportunity to see where you put your money?
No. She got up on my bed once with two or three people, and broke down my bed; this purse was at that time on the tester of the bed. I never put the money there afterwards, that I suppose gave her the item to look upon this cupboard; she had two or three fellows on the bed; she is a w - e. I had given her civil warning.
I am the son of the prosecutor, when the prisoner was in custody she desired me to go out of the watch-house and she would speak to me; I know nothing of it before that time.
Before she spoke to you did you say any thing to induce her to confess?
Yes. I said it would be better, if she knew any thing of it, to confess; she said if I would go out of the watch-house she would tell me; when we went out she told me, her sister had been above a week persuading her to rob my father.
Did she do it voluntarily of herself, or did you give her to understand it would be better for her?
I said, I thought it would be better for her, before that she desired me to go out of the watch-house, and she would tell me; she said her sister persuaded her to rob my father, and that her sister came home to my father's house about one o'clock, and tapped at the windows; that she let her in, and shewed her where the money was; upon which she said her sister took the money and went out of the house, and she never saw her afterwards. She said she threw the clothes about the room, and her sister broke the door open.
I live with Mr. Purdue in the same house with Mr. Carpenter; I left the prisoner and her sister together in the house about one o'clock; I had lent her sister some things and she went to fetch them; she came with them while I was at home, and they both went out together a little after two o'clock.
I had the prisoner in custody; Mr. Carpenter came up to St. Sepulchre's watch-house, between one and two in the morning of the second of January and acquainted me he had been robbed of forty guineas; I asked if he had a suspicion of any body; he said yes of his servant maid and her two sisters; he said she was in custody at St. Andrew's watch-house, and desired me to go with him to the sister's and take them; I told him I could not without a warrant, unless they opened the door; I went and knocked and one of the sisters opened the door; I asked where the other sister was, she said she was not there, but would be there in the morning; I went up stairs and found her in the garret; I searched her and found eleven shillings and a half crown upon her; she said she had only two shillings and some half pence, that the rest belonged to her sister; I brought them both up to the watch-house, I searched the place but could find no gold; the next day I brought them before Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. Sawbridge discharged them because there was no evidence against them, except the prisoner's confession; the prisoner confessed that her sister Mary Higgins took the money and broke the staple of the door.
I never saw the money; I never knew my master had the money in my life.
I am a jeweller. I have known the prisoner nearly ever since she was born; I lived near her father and mother in the country, and I lived in the house with them in town. She is about twenty years of age I believe; I never knew any harm of her in my life.
How does she get her living?
She went to service.
What was her general character?
I cannot tell what other people knew; I never knew any harm of her.
I have known the prisoner about six years; she always bore a very honest character as far as ever I heard. I lived next door but one to her father. I go out to service; I live with my brother and sister when out of place. My brother is a tailor, and my sister keeps a clothes shop.
Jury to the Prosecutor. Was the prisoner ever searched?
Yes.
Were there no guineas found among any of them?
No, they had time enough to make away with what they had; she was gone from ten till about three before she returned to my shop again.
