I am a soldier in the third regiment of Guards, I lost a pair of pistols and a shirt last year, I missed them first the latter end of June, out of my chest, from my lodging, I had a back room on the lower floor, there was another young man lodged with me.
Did the prisoner live in the house?
He lived in the fore place, the pistols my brother got from his master's son when he came from abroad.
How long had you had them?
About a fortnight, he gave me them to clean.
Did you keep your chest locked?
It was locked.
When you missed the things out of the chest, was it locked then?
The lock was broke.
What is your reason for charging the prisoner?
I heard that he had some things, and I went to him, and I found the shirt in his custody, which was in my chest when the lock was broke; he went along with me, and got the shirt from his washerwoman's.
How do you know she was washing for him?
He told me.
How came you to talk with him about it?
I went away and got a constable to take him up, and then I asked him for the shirt, and he said he had it from the woman that lived with him at that time, (the shirt produced) there is a G. at the breast of it, and the No. is picked out.
Are you sure it is your shirt?
Yes, I am very sure, and there was a regimental mark, and that is cut out, and a piece of cloth put into it, I never found my pistols.
How long did you continue to lodge at this man's house after you missed your pistols and shirt?
I did not continue a night; I thought I was too long in one place, and went away for fear I should lose any thing more.
You had no reason then to suspect him?
How came you at last to charge him?
Because this woman saw the prisoner have the pistols, six weeks after, and he went out, and he brought in three half crowns for the pistols, so she told me, that was my reason.
I lived along with the prisoner at that time, he was a poor man, and the morning that box was broke open, he went away to work and I together, and he returned at one o'clock, and brought a quartern loaf, and the prosecutor came before we returned, and took away his box whether or no; I will give no oath but what I will give again, I am come here for truth, and I will tell truth; he borrowed this shirt of this young man, and he gave back a shirt for it, I saw a pair of pistols in that house, but I never said it was them, nor I do not know they were them, I saw some pistols in that house; there was a young man there that is gone abroad; I think the prisoner innocent of breaking a box.
Then you saw the prisoner's pistols in another man's hand?
No, no other man's hand.
Who had the pistols you saw?
The prisoner had them, but whether it was these pistols I do not know.
Do you know how that shirt came into the hands of that woman where it was found?
Yes, I do, the man hearing that this man was to pursue after him, removed it to this woman.
Can you tell whether this is the same shirt that the prisoner borrowed of the young man?
This is the same shirt that was at the washerwoman's, I have washed it with my own hands many a time, the prisoner always told me, that was the shirt he borrowed from this young man, to put on upon guard; this young man knows he left two; I think it is a spiteful thing, and all done in spite.
Why do you think it spite?
Because it is an old quarrel between the prisoner and this man that came both from one place, more to their shame.
I am very sure that this shirt was in my box at the time it was broke.
After the account given by this woman, gentlemen, we can make nothing at all of this.
