I am warehouseman to Messrs. Webster. I have seen the prisoner at our house three or four times. I believe he called upon John Tinnent .
I am a constable. I had a warrant to search the house of M'Millan, in Cartwright-street, No. 12, East-Smithfield. We went about a quarter after seven in the morning in search of drugs, opium, and bark, and some other things. When we came there, M'Millan was not up; we knocked at the door, and he came and opened it in his shirt. When we were in the house, we told him we had got a search-warrant, to search for stolen goods. He said he had no stolen goods that he knew of. He said he did not know that there were any drugs, or any thing else in his house.
Did he say any drugs, or stolen drugs?
I can't recollect he said there was no stolen drugs that he knew of. We told him we should find it if it was in the house, for we had a warrant to search. He then said there was a bag in the closet, pointing to the door. We went to the closet, and took the bag out. We asked him what there was in the bag. He said he did not know, but that John Tinnent had left it; then I searched the house all over, we found nothing else. We brought him to Bow-street. We took out of the bag four parcels, one of them of opium. At Bow-street, he said John Tinnent brought it there; he did not know what it was. Mr. Wright asked him if he had not any brought there before. He would not speak for a good while. The Justice said, he could tell him what he had before, and where he sold it, in Lombard-street; then he said he had some once before. He was asked if he had not had some twice. He said he had had some twice. He said he knew Tinnent, and made cloaths for him.
Did he tell the Justice where he sold them?
Yes; that he received 36 guineas, and gave Tinnent the money, and that he had none of it but half a crown.
I am in partnership with my father. We are drug-merchants , in Bucklersbury . I went with the search-warrant to the prisoner's house. Morant and another officer went first, and knocked at the door. The prisoner came in his shirt, and opened it. I followed them into the house, and said, we were come to search for stolen drugs. He denied having any stolen goods in his house. Upon being told that his house would be searched thoroughly, that we knew there were stolen goods in the house, and he had better not expose himself to his neighbours, but tell where they were, he pointed to a closet, and said, there they were. The officers searched the house, but found nothing else. They took the prisoner with the goods, as produced in court, to the Public Office, in Bow-street. We attended between eleven and twelve o'clock. The prisoner was examined by Justice Wright. He said that Tinnent had thrown the goods into the house, and he did not know what they were. Mr. Wright telling him that he knew more of the matter than the prisoner thought he did, he confessed he received two parcels of goods; that one parcel he had sold for 36 guineas, and retained a small premium for himself. It was with difficulty Mr. Wright got out of him who he sold them to. He did not mention any persons names, but said it was a druggist between the Post-office and the Mansion-house. He said he delivered Tinnent 36 guineas for the first parcel, and kept a small sum for himself; the second parcel, which came, I think, to 13 l. 9 s. the prisoner said he had delivered 10 l. of it to John Tinnent , and retained 3 l. 9 s. for himself.
Did he say what those parcels contained?
I do not recollect that he did.
Drugs were the subject of the enquiry?
Certainly; and I think the articles were mentioned by Mr. Wright.
Did he continue in this story of having given the 36 l. 12 s. and 10 l. to Tinnent?
I do not recollect that he was asked a second time.
Had you seen him after the principal was taken up?
He called at our house on the 13th; I expected him, and went to the door. He asked for John Tinnent ; I said he was not at home. I asked if he had any message for him. He said no; he would see him another time.
The first that I saw of the prisoner was after the goods were taken, and he was carried into Bow-street. I heard his examination. When he was first put to the bar, he pretended great ignorance, was exceedingly backward, and would say nothing; at last Mr. Wright said he knew the circumstances, and where the drugs were sold; upon which he said, I have done a very bad thing, but now I will tell the truth. He acknowledged that he had received two parcels of drugs of our porter, Tinnent, and sold them to a druggist, in Lombard-street; he sold the first parcel for 36 guineas, which he gave Tinnent, and that he kept only half-a crown for himself; and 36 guineas was the sum found in Tinnent's box: he said he sold the other parcel for 13 l. 9 s. that he gave Tinnent a 10 l. note, and kept the 3 l. 9 s. for himself. We had received three chests from Ostend, weighing near 1000 lb. we weighed two of the three chests; one wanted between 12 and 13 lb. of the weight. It is impossible to swear to the opium; it is lapped up in the way our opium generally is.
Other people have their opium lapped up in the same way?
Very probably they have. We have the bills and receipts, with M'Millan's name to them.
I am shopman to Messrs. Wynne, Druggists, in Lombard-street. The prisoner came to our shop for the purpose of selling some drugs, which we bought of him.
Look at these two receipts?
The one is my own making out; I saw him sign it: the other was made out by John Dickins . The prisoner sent a person with some samples, one George Staples ; the samples were lest three or four days before an answer was given to them. He came with the drugs. He said he had got them from a friend at Portsmouth, who got them from abroad; and he was desired to dispose of them as soon as he could.
You paid the usual price for them?
The same price which, with the addition of the duty, we could have had them for at Mr. Webster's shop.
Did he represent to you that the duty was not paid, and it was deducted?
Yes.
I am servant to Mr. Wynne. (Looks at the receipt.) This is my writing; I saw the prisoner sign it. We bought the drugs; he said he had them from a friend at Portsmouth; that he was just come from the Portsmouth-coach.
I leave my defence to my counsel. John Tinnent told me it was overplus that was given him by the warehouseman; he did not like to dispose of them, and asked me to get them off.
