I know the prisoner; the charge against him is robbing me, he belongs to the ship I command, and acts as my servant , he acted as my servant some months; I lost the things at my lodgings, Mr. Lawton's, No. 3, Welbeck-street ; I had been there three or four days; there are many things.
I paid 3 l. odd for the instruments, 40 s. is inferior to the value, I gave 7 s. a pair for the cotton stockings, valued at 3 l. in the indictment. On the 9th of February I rose about nine o'clock, I enquired for my servant, they said he went out as soon as he got up, that he had been out about an hour; I had lain my case of instruments on the mantle-piece, I missed that, I thought as he went out so early, he might have taken it; he had the key of the trunk, I was going out to breakfast, and did not trouble myself about the other things at that time; I went to breakfast with the younger or lady
Onslow, a few doors off; a message was sent to me that a person wanted to speak with me, I found that gentleman (Aldus) there, the pawnbroker; he asked me if I had been robbed that morning; I told him I missed a case of instruments, not having the key, I could not tell him whether I had lost any thing out; he asked me of what I had been robbed, I told him of sundry articles; he then told me he was in possession of the articles I mentioned, and that they were offered to him for sale by the prisoner at the bar; the pawnbroker told me he had taken the fellow, and carried him to Justice Gilbert's office; I immediately went to the office with Aldus; Justice Gilbert committed him, and bound me to prosecute; all the things were produced before Mr. Justice Gilbert, I swore to them there, I got the key of my trunk, Mr. Lawton gave it to me; Mr. Lawton came afterwards, Mrs. Lawton unlock'd it.
I was in liquor when I did it.
I left the instrument case, when I dressed before dinner, on the mantle shelf; the prisoner was drunk when I went to bed.
I was gone into the city the morning Captain Onslow was robbed; when I came back Mrs. Lawton told me of it; I went down to Bow-street, Captain Onslow left word for me to come; Capt. Onslow and Justice Gilbert were gone; I did not see the goods till I came to the pawnbroker, and then I saw them in the handkerchief, and the Captain said I am going to Admiral Keppel's to dinner, and desire you will step to the pawnbroker's for the key of my trunk; I went, and he gave me the key I delivered to Captain Onslow.
I had the key from Mr. Lawton; I was not present when it was opened, Mrs. Lawton opened it.
I am a pawnbroker; on the 9th of February, about eight in the morning, the prisoner at the bar, brought the things mentioned in the indictment, to me, to pawn; the prisoner told me he brought them for one Mr. O'Brian, No. 52, High-street, Marybone, he had a livery hat on then, with a cockade, the shift and stockings are marked O, I thought he brought them right, I asked if his was up, he said as he was out last night, he did not suppose he was, that he desired him to pawn them for six guineas, I said, I dare say his master would not be angry, I would not give him the money, but would step home with him and see his master, to see that he was right, as there were a great many good things; he said he was very willing to go, I went with him to No. 52 first direction; when I came opposite he told me, my master lodges at that house, the windows are not open, they were done up; I told him I would go and look, I desired him to go with me to the house, to know if he lodged there, he said he would not go near the house, I said I would not leave him, but would come back with him when his master was up, that I should not part with him or the things till I see the right of it; going back, he pulls out this case of instruments, told me he was on board in a battle, and these instruments were given to him by a Dutch lieutenant, he said he would sell them for half a guinea, he pulled out the knives belonging to the case of instruments, I observed they were stampt Gray; Gray lives in Bond-street; I told him it was very odd he should have them from a Dutch lieutenant, when Gray lived in Bond-street, he said so it was; when we were coming home, I took the knives from him, and told him the things were not his, he called at Admiral Barrington's, and the boy seemed to know him, he asked for the butler, he was not up; I took him to Bow-street, and then I went back to No. 52, and they said, there was no such person lived there; I asked there if they knew the prisoner's name, they said no; I asked if they knew captain Onslow, they said no, there are two parcels of stockings wrote Onslow at length upon them, I went to admiral Barrington's, and they told me where captain Onslow lived, I went there and informed him I had got some of his property and the prisoner.
Was the prisoner in liquor?
No; perfectly sober when he came to my shop; he got a pint of beer going along in High-street, Marybone; the handkerchief and key were taken out of the prisoner's pocket, they were all offered to pawn, except the handkerchiefs; I have had them ever since.
I offered to pawn the things with the pawnbroker for two days, and then to take them out again; I have nothing else to say, I was persuaded by a person to pawn them for a few guineas for two days, and then the person was to give me the money back again, and I told the pawnbroker I was to take them out again in a day or two; I have no witnesses to call to my character, I am a German.
