The prisoner at the bar came to my master, on the 16th of September, and hired a chesnut mare to go up to the Turk's-Head-Mews in Harley street, to take a carriage from there down to Mr. Aldridge's repository, in St. Martin's-lane; I never saw the prisoner before that time; my master agreed with him that he should have the mare for two shillings; about twenty minutes after one, which was about three hours after he came first, he came and took away the mare; I delivered it to him myself; there was a gentleman's servant that lives in the neighbourhood came with him, so we let him have it; the mare was never returned since; the prisoner gave no account of himself at all.
Ask him what he mentioned before the Justice; I was not committed for the mare?
No, he was not; I knew him again when I saw him at the Justice's, I picked him out from all the rest.
I lent him a mare, I was busy in the yard; I cannot speak to the prisoner's person; two men came to me for a mare, and agreed with me for two shillings; I went away, and he said he should not want it just then, but in about two hours; and about twenty minutes after one, he came again; I saw him go out of the yard with the mare, and I sent afterwards to Aldridge's, and he had had no mare there.
Did you ever see the mare from the time you delivered it till you saw him at the Justice's?
No.
I have no more to say than this; at the time he says the mare was lost I was down in Devonshire, driving the coach for my brother, then I drove a gentleman in town, then I drove the Sheriff of Bristol; I went out of town last August.
The question for your determination, is, whether or no the prisoner came originally with an intention to steal this horse under the pretence of borrowing of it? or whether after borrowing this horse, a subsequent intention arose in his mind of stealing it?
Now the evidence, in this case, to shew the intention of stealing it is this; that he came with an excuse to hire this horse to go to Mr. Aldridge's to drive a carriage to Harley-street, &c. it is not in legal evidence that he went to Aldridge's or to Harley-street.
