I know the prisoner. Owen and Pitt, two of the servants of Newgate, came and informed me that he had made his escape out of Newgate, and I was informed that he was at a staymaker's shop in Holborn, near Little Queen-street; I and some more went there, and went up stairs, and in the front room a person jammed the door to, and locked it; I immediately tried to open the door, and we forced it open; the prisoner was laying on the bed, and the woman he lived with was trying to conceal him as much as she could, covering him over with the clothes; he was immediately brought to Newgate into the custody of Mr. Akerman; I am sure it was the prisoner that was found there.
I was with the last witness, and found the prisoner in the one pair of stairs, on the bed, in the house the last witness mentioned; the prisoner's name is Thomas Nowland ; I was present at the last sessions, but when he was tried I cannot say, but when he received sentence I was present; there was no other Thomas Nowland brought up that sessions, and sentence of transportation for seven years to America was passed upon him.
Then that is the same Thomas Nowland that you heard receive that sentence?
Yes; he had a pair of brown trowsers on when taken; I found him last Tuesday was a week.
I was present when the prisoner was found; he was upon the bed with a young woman, and she did all she could to cover him over to try to conceal him; we directly brought him to Mr. Akerman.
Can any body give any account how he got out of Newgate?
Mr. Akerman. He got out in disguise, but the manner I cannot tell; he told me when he came home that he had a brown coat and a pair of trowsers on, and the turnkey did not know him; he was trying again last Sunday, and we stopped him at the gate; he had sawed his irons off.
I hope you will have mercy on me, and send me to Africa for life; I went out in my own clothes, and I did not cut my irons, I slipped them over my heel, my Lord; the door was opened for me; Mr. Pitt kept the door, he did not know it was me.
