two of the frames I missed some days before, about the 20th of December; on the 26th of December, Mr. Day, the constable, came and informed me the prisoner was in custody; I went with him to search the lodgings of the prisoner; there were found in my presence one pair of silver spectacles in a case, two opera glasses, a silver compass seal, and several other things not mentioned in the indictment; all marked with my own name, except the compass seal; the articles sold in my shop are always marked with my name; I know them to be my property, not disposed of, by their being new and perfectly clean, nothing more.
Then except by that circumstance, of being perfectly new and clean, you could not have distinguished them from articles that had been sold in your shop?
No, I could not; my name A. D. is on all the spectacles I lost.
On the 26th of December, the prisoner came into my shop to sell these spectacles; I keep a pawnbroker's shop, in Long-acre, (the spectacles produced) I told him I believed they were stole, for they appeared remarkably broke, and in a very suspicious situation; he said, he was a very honest man, and that he had them of one Mrs. Johnson, in Langley-street, facing the Brew-house, a widow lady; I sent my servant there, who could find no such person, I then sent to Bow-street, and the officers took him into custody.
I went to Mr. Heather's shop, and took the prisoner to the Brown Bear , and searched him, and found three pair of spectacles in his pocket, they are all marked with A. D. (three pair more produced, two in cases, and one without) I have had them in my possession ever since, he confessed he took them from his master; he said he was in great distress, and was Mr. Dolland's servant.
Was he in your employ at that time?
Yes; he worked in the upper part of the house.
Did he make that confession freely?
Yes; and told us where his master lived.
Had he absented himself from the work?
Not at all; he was at my house that morning to open shop, it being a holiday, he was the only man that came; there was nothing else found about him.
According to the information of Mr. Dolland, I went to search the lodgings of the prisoner with him, I found these things which I produce, in the drawer, it was by the prisoner's directions.
Here is another pair of spectacles among the articles, they have not the glasses in now, but they had when first made, there were some glasses found in his lodging, and some implements used for no other purpose than putting these glasses in, other glasses are put in I am positive to that, on account of the mark.
I was in great distress, an execution was put out against me, and I had two summonses at Guildhall, I have been six weeks ill, and a doctor attended me from the dispensatory; I took them to pledge them, to pay for the execution, and as I had some money promised me in a month or six weeks, then I thought to take the things out, and put them back as I found them, on the counter; I have no witnesses; there were some gentlemen here yesterday and the day before, to appear to my character.
How had the prisoner behaved during the fifteen months?
Tolerably well.
Was he ill any time during his servitude?
He was, a short time; I enquired after him, that he should not be in distress; I was told his father-in-law was come from sea, and had supplied him with money, his wife declared the same.
Was his pay intermitted during the time of his illness?
Certainly it was.
