I was coming from Edmonton Statute the 17th of last month, between nine and ten in the evening, I was overtaken by a man between the Bird-Cage and the bottom of Newington ; a man hit me over the head, I turned round and asked him what it was for; I had been down to sell oysters at the fair; instead of giving me any answer, he repeated the blow, which I received on my right hand, and then I made a blow at him, and knocked him down; this man was dressed in black, about my own heighth and size; I saw the prisoner at the bar, at a distance coming up to me, I thought he had been coming to my assistance, and I thought to tell him what had happened; he drew a cutlass and cut me over the nose, he cut a piece right out of my nose, and cut out a piece as big as the top of my little finger, then he struck me again, and cut me over the hand; I made a blow at him, then he cut me over the lip, cut me into my teeth, clean to my teeth, quite through my upper lip; the man in black got up, hit me over the forehead, knocked me down, and broke my head very much; then they both beat me exceedingly, one with a stick, and the other with a cutlass, till my senses were quite gone; I could hardly move my arms for several days, I was left for dead; some kind friend whom I know not, picked me up, they carried me to a publick house, I cannot tell how long I lay.
Did they demand your money?
No Sir, they turned me round on my face, tore my apron, and picked my pockets of sixpence, half a crown, and some halfpence, and a knife; I am sure I had that money in my pocket.
Did you perceive them riffling your pocket?
I am sure it was one of the men; I laid as still as possible, for fear they would quite kill me.
How soon after was this man apprehended?
The next Monday, this was Tuesday.
Where were you taken to that night?
I was taken to some publick house, I cannot say what; I live at No. 28, in Skinner-street. I bled all night; I applied to the dispensary in Primrose-street, and was cured. On Thursday after the robbery, I gave information to Mr. Wilmot's office, and came on Monday to look at the prisoner at the bar, I knew him directly, he knew me; I had seen several before, but they were not the men; I was sent for several times before; I should know the prisoner from a thousand: the first thing I accused him with was, that he had not the same waistcoat on last Tuesday night which he then had, he said he had not: I told him he had the same coat on, he said he had, which was a light drab coloured coat; I charged him with cutting and wounding me, he said I was mistaken; he said he was with his mother and sister that night, at a publick house in petticoat lane, from six o'clock till ten.
Did you charge him with robbing you too?
I did, I told him I was robbed by one or the other; I told him he was the man that cut me, which as there is a living God he was; he was ordered again for examination on Wednesday, then he brought several gentlemen to prove that he was at a publick house, the St. Luke's Head, raffling for pigeons that night; I think the house was the St. Luke's Head, the corner of Bunhill-row; that being the case, the Justice told them, if they were to swear that he was on the other side of the water, he should commit him.
What sort of night was it?
It rained very hard about a quarter past eight, but at the time I was robbed, the moon and stars shone exceedingly bright; the moon shone right in his face, and the stars shone very bright.
How long might you have an opportunity of observing the prisoner before he came up?
About half a minute; I supposed him to be a friend, I saw him as plain as I can see you this moment; I knew him again by his fluttering, which is very remarkable, and I had spoke of his stuttering to several people before he was taken.
Did he speak that night?
He spoke in such imprecations, such wicked oaths, that I could not, in the face of God, and you Gentlemen, repeat them; they beat me like a stock-fish.
Then upon the whole are you sure that this is the man?
As sure as I am a living man; there was nothing found upon h im.
It was half past ten when you was used in this manner?
No, half after nine.
You say it rained a good deal previous to this attack upon you?
Yes.
How long do you suppose the moon had been out before you was attacked?
I cannot say to a few minutes, but it was out then; I was robbed at the bottom of Stamford-hill.
How far is that from Whitecross-street?
I never measured the ground; it may be a mile and a half, or it may be two miles.
It is a great deal more than that.
Was it beyond the turnpike to Tottenham?
It was just below the Birdcage on Stamford-hill.
Then it is about two miles and a quarter, or two miles and a half.
Where is the person that took you up?
I do not know who they are.
Why did not you bring the landlord of the house?
I do not know what house it was.
Was you sober at the time?
As sober as I am now.
The knife that was taken from the prisoner was not your knife?
No.
Was any thing taken from the prisoner that was yours?
No, Sir.
I am apothecary to the Dispensary; on the 18th of September, between seven and eight in the morning the prosecutor, Mr. Haskins, came to me, and told me the story of his being used very ill; he had a wound at the top of his nose, another at the upper lip, at his hands and breast, and different parts of his arms, and about his shoulders, and he bled much; I gave him proper medicines, purgative medicines and embrocations; and by persevering in this way he was perfectly well; he appeared to me to have lost much blood, I cannot pretend to say how much; he then told the same story; his wounds were not dangerous; I was present at the second examination; I did not hear any thing about the coat and waistcoat; I can only observe, that the prisoner at the bar brought a number of witnesses, respectable appearing men, decent tradesmen, to prove an alibi.
I am as innocent as the child unborn; I know no more of it than any of you, Gentlemen; I have people to prove where I was at supper on the Tuesday night.
What are you?
I am a boiler of sugar, I am not a house-keeper, I live with Mr. Black.
Was you at any time at the St. Luke's head, the corner of Whitecross-street?
On Tuesday the 17th of September I was there from half an hour past seven till half past nine, or near ten.
How come you to remember it was on that night?
I had been to pay a little money down, and I had the receipt in my pocket, and I called there as I came back.
How do you know it was that night?
I am very sure of it.
What makes you sure of it?
Because I am clear of it.
What leads you to the remembrance?
Nothing but that.
Where did you spend your evening the 13th of September?
There.
Do you spend the evening there every night?
No.
Where did you spend the evening the 15th?
I do not remember.
Where did you spend the evening the 18th?
I was there that night.
How came you to spend so many of your evenings there?
It is a house that I use, when I am not there I am generally at home of a night.
Can you give any reason for being sure it was that particularly Tuesday night?
Only paying that money.
Have you that receipt?
I sent it into the country; I am very sure it was that night.
Was the receipt dated on that day?
Yes.
Was the prisoner at the bar at the St. Luke's head that same night?
He was, he came in a little while after, about ten minutes after; I left him there.
Did he go out?
He never was out, not five minutes the whole time.
Was he in your company?
He was in the opposite box to me; but he must come past me if he went out.
Did you know him before?
I have known him about a year.
What is he?
I really do not know, I only saw him there; I have heard he was a a plaisterer.
Who was he in company with?
Six or seven of the gentlemen that are here were in company with him; he was in company with one Mr. Irons, a watchmaker, and one Mr. Scott, one Mr. Buskin, one Mr. Littleton.
Who were in company with you?
One Mr. Buston was in my company, I left him there.
Did the other persons come in with him?
Some were there before.
Did any body come in with him?
I do not know.
Did you sup there?
We had two pints of beer.
Did the prisoner and his company sup?
No, not while I staid.
As the prisoner was not in your company, how came you to take particular notice of his being there?
Having known him before; I spoke to him several times.
I am a watchmaker in Old-street, I have been a housekeeper in the parish eighteen years; I was at the St. Luke's head the 16th and 17th too; I went there on the 17th about seven o'clock; I was there the 16th on account of a lottery club that is held there; when I had been in about a quarter of an hour on the 17th the prisoner came in, I left him there when I went home; he was in a chair sitting on the outside of the bench; I never observed that he went out at all; they were going to supper.
Who else was in company with you?
There was one Mr. Waile, that is on board an Indiaman, and one Mr. Westcot; the prisoner set on the outside in a chair, there were several people in company with him, one Mr. Scott, and Mr. Buskins, and Mr. Smith, I believe, he sat at the same table, I cannot positively say.
Did you know the prisoner before?
No more then seeing him at this house; I have heard he was a plaisterer.
How was the evening employed?
When I first went in, a young fellow came in with a pigeon, he said, Is Stephens here? and said he promised to give him a pigeon; the prisoner came in, and he gave it him.
Who was the young fellow?
His name is Isaac Swetman , he gave the pigeon to the prisoner, there were two pigeons.
Did the prisoner keep the pigeon all the time he was there, did he sit at the table with the pigeon, what became of it?
I do not know, I saw him when he came out, he was sitting in a chair when I left the house, I sat near him; I do not know that I spoke to him, he is very little of an acquaintance of mine.
What are you?
I am a watch-maker, I live at No. 36, in Ironmonger-Row; I frequent the St. Luke's-head of an evening, on the 17th of September, I was there about seven, I left it at eleven, I was there all the time except about five minutes; I left the prisoner there when I went away, he was not absent five minutes, I was in his company in the same box, I supped with him.
I am a watch-case maker, at No. 12, Glass-house yard, Aldersgate-street, I know the St. Luke's-head, I frequent the house; I was there on the 17th of September, I went there between seven and eight, and left it half after ten; the prisoner was there while I was there, he came in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after I went in, and I never saw him out of the house to the best of my knowledge.
Do you remember any thing that passed during the evening?
Yes, we supped together off a pig's face, about eight, or thereabouts, Mr. Irons supped with us.
Do you know Mr. Littleton?
He was there, but did not sup with us.
Did you sup while he was there, or after he was gone?
It was while he was there to the best of my remembrance, I do not recollect that he was drinking with us.
Did any thing happen before supper?
There was a pigeon hustled for with some half-pence in a hat.
Who brought in that pigeon?
I cannot recollect, I do not know the young man's name, it was not the prisoner; the prisoner had a pigeon in his hand, but it was a dead one: whether the man who had the pigeon came in before him, or after him, I do not know.
If I understand you right, they did not sup while you staid?
I sat at another table, I do not know who was there.
I am a cabinet-maker, in Goswell-street, I am a house-keeper, I frequent the St. Luke's-head; I was there on the 17th of September, I left work about eight, and went there; there I saw the prisoner sitting on the right hand side close to the table, I did not leave there till very near twelve, I came out with the prisoner, he was in when I came in; he was once asked for, and was gone about a minute or two; he was not out the whole time except that to my knowledge, I came out with him, I sat about an hour before he joined company with me, I did not sup with him.
Did he sup there?
I was not in company with him at the time.
Do you remember any thing happening about a pigeon while you was there?
That was before I came in, I believe I was on the other side of the tap-room, talking with some other people; I have known the prisoner from a child, his father was a plaisterer: I do not know whether he is married or not.
I am a buckle cutter, a journeyman; I know the St. Luke's-head, I frequent the house, I was there on the 17th of September; I went there about eight, I staid till about a quarter after eleven; the prisoner was there all the time, I did not miss him five minutes.
I am a journeyman cabinet-maker; I was there on the 17th of September, I staid from eight till after eleven.
Was the prisoner at the bar there any part of the time?
He never was out above two minutes at a time.
I am a shoe-maker, I was at Wilson's, the St. Luke's-head, on the 17th of September, between seven and eight, and staid there till almost ten; the prisoner was in company, he never was out five minutes in the course of the whole night.
I am a master shoe-maker in Bishopsgate street, I frequent the St. Luke's-head some times; I was there on the 17th of September from seven till half an hour after eleven; the prisoner was in my company, he was out no further than about five minutes, the full outside; the prisoner went there with me, he lives in Golden-lane, I have known him four or five years, we went in about seven together, there was John Hammond and Mr. Stroud, and John Irons , there might be some more I cannot say.
Was not it later?
No, no more to my remembrance, it might be a quarter after.
How do you know it was the 17th?
On Monday I was there and spoke to him, he asked me to make him a pair of shoes against Tuesday night, and he came to me in the forenoon, to know if they were done; I was in company all the afternoon, I believe the prisoner is a plaisterer, he is a married man, I believe he follows his business.
I am a weaver, a journeyman; I frequent the St. Luke's Head, I was there the 17th of September, about eight till eleven, the prisoner was there when I came in, and there when I came out; I believe he was not missing a quarter of an hour to my knowledge.
What was it the prisoner said the first time he was examined before the Justice?
I speak as in the presence of God and you gentlemen, I do not wish to tell a falsity; I told him he had not the same waistcoat on last Tuesday night, he said he had not; I said he had the same coat on, and he said he had; he said he was not the man that cut me and used me so ill; I certainly am sure he is the man; the Justice asked him where he was that Tuesday night, he said he was at a publick house in Petticoat-lane, with his mother and sister.
Upon your oath did he say that?
Yes.
Is there any body here besides yourself, that was present at the Justice's?
When he was brought up for examination on the Wednesday, he brought several gentlemen that are here present; they said they were raffling for pigeons, and they had sheeps-heads for supper.
How came you not to bring any body that was present at the first examination?
I never knew any thing of these things before.
Has Mr. Wilmot returned the examination.
With submission I should like to see Wilson the publican.
The first time of your examination was on the Monday, did you state particularly to the Justice what night the robbery was upon?
Yes Sir, I told him particularly it was Tuesday the 17th, about half past nine.
Is it true that you said before the Justice, that you spent that evening with your mother and your sister?
It is all a falsity, I never said any such thing.
It is very odd that you cannot recollect the house you was taken to the night you was robbed?
I cannot tell, I never was that road.
Did you go home by yourself?
I went home with several, but who I cannot tell.
Did not you desire to know any of the people that had been so kind to you?
I did the next day.
If you were able to go home, you were able to ask questions; whereabouts was it that you was taken to?
It was the first publick-house in Newington I think, but I would not take my oath of it; the gentleman was glad to get home, I suppose he was afraid of being in danger himself.
After these people had come to the Justice's on the Wednesday, did you express after that any doubts about the man, or any concern about him?
No, I said, if it be so, I should be glad you should be acquitted, I said, if I thought I had swore wrong I would down on my knees and beg God and you pardon.
We should like to know of the landlord or landlady, whether these people used the house or not.
This is a very important case to get at the truth of: this robbery if true, is an exemplary bad one, being attended with many circumstances of cruelty; that ought to make us the more careful, that the blame and the punishment may not fall on an innocent man. It is very extraordinary if so many men should come here to perjure themselves: I will send for Mr. Wilson the landlord or his wife, and also to Mr. Justice Wilmot's, and desire their immediate attendance here; I think it is a duty due to the publick. Let the officer take care that none of the witnesses go out of court.
Do you recollect when the prisoner was first examined by on the Monday what account he gave of himself, where he had been on the evening of the robbery?
I remember extremely well that he told me he was at his mother's house about nine o'clock that evening.
You have a perfect recollection of that?
I have.
Do you recollect whether he said where his mother's house was?
He told me it was some where near Old-street, but as to the name of the place he did not say.
Did he say any thing of having been in any company at a house the corner of Whitecross-street?
Whether he said so on the Monday when he was first taken, I do not recollect, any more than that he was at his mother's house, I then spoke to the prosecutor, and desired him to be very particular, and if he had any doubts on his mind that he would give up the prosecution, as the prisoner told me he lay at his mother's house; the prosecutor said, I wish I had doubts, but I have no doubts. There were eight or ten people came to prove an alibi, I told them it was nothing to me I must bind him over on a positive oath.
The material point that stuck with the jury, was, what the prisoner was alledged to have said, as to where he was on the evening of the robbery?
I believe he did not mention that he was at any other publick house; when he told me that he was at his mother's house about nine o'clock that evening, I was rather surprized when I saw so many people, apparently of reputation, come to prove he was in their company.
You keep the St. Luke's Head, the corner of Whitecross-street?
Yes Sir.
Have you any particular recollection of any company that spent the evening at your house on the 17th of September last, on a Tuesday evening?
Yes Sir.
Can you name any of the persons?
Yes.
Is there any thing particular that leads your recollection to that evening?
Nothing particular.
Was there any club on that evening?
On Tuesday night I have a benefit club, and a punch club.
Is there any thing that leads you to remember that Tuesday in particular?
Yes my Lord, there was a person had got a pigeon in his hand, that was dead, and I said, the cat has been among you, no says he, I brought it for Dick Stephens this evening; he was at supper off a pig's face.
What time did he come in?
I believe the time he was at supper was about half after nine.
What time did he go away?
I cannot say particularly.
Do you know any of the people by name?
There was one Mr. Littleton, one Mr. Irons, one Mr. Weston; they frequent my house; Littleton is a Watchmaker, Irons is a Watchmaker.
Do you know Mr. Buskins, and Mr. Stroud?
Buskins is a Cabinet maker.
Do you know Mr. Weston?
He is a Bucklemaker.
Do you know Mr. Halliwell?
I cannot say I recollect him.
Do you know Mr. Hall?
He was there.
Were you informed of the purpose for which you was sent for here, before you came?
I was above stairs, they told me I was sent for to the Old Baily, I was not informed at all.
Mr. Wilson's evidence goes to the confirmation of the story told by the other witnesses, and to his knowledge of them, and their frequenting his house.
