The prisoner at the bar took a ready furnished room of me, when we took her up, she had had it about six days.
When the publican's boy came for the pots, I went up stairs with him, the prisoner gave me one, I said, the landlord says there is another, when she went for the other, I said to her, I must beg leave to look whether my property is on the premises; she got into bed immediately; there was the bolster wanting, a pillow and a pillow case, a top sheet, a top blanket, a brass candlestick, and an iron sender; they were in the room on the Saturday before; this was on the Friday evening following; she said I had no business in her premises till the morning, and the next day I should have every thing in their places, and likewise the rent; I charged the watch with her; I told her I would not hurt a hair of her head if she would let me have my property, or let me know where they were I would get them myself; she would not; she said she did not value staying in prison about twelve or fourteen days; it was privately taken, and all that I could do to her would be to be privately whipped; she told me at the Justice's that she had as much in gaol as I could have out, and I might go and be damned. I never got any of my property.
I was in my own apartment, I lodge in the same house, I heard this Mrs. Owen (as I was informed) with the landlady, and I heard her promise if she would wait till morning, she should have her things again.
She said in the morning they should have their property; and she was taken to the watch-house: I was there when she took the place.
I went out on the Friday morning; I buy and sell old cloaths; I had a child not six weeks old; I left my door locked, and found it so; I counted 5 s. 6 d. and five farthings, to put on the chimney piece; the things were so full of vermin and bugs, it was impossible for any body to lay in them, they lay on the top of the drawers in the room, I went to bed; my landlady came up to ask me for some pots, and she took me up; here is a gentleman that she wanted to extort 12 s. of; I said, if she wanted to make a property of me, I would submit to be tried by the laws of my country.
I belong to Clerkenwell Bridewell; the prisoner was examined before Mr. Justice Girdler, she promised to put the things in the place, and she was very pert to us.
