Gentlemen of the Jury. This is a charge of forgery against the prisoner at the bar, and you, in particular, need least of all men to be informed how important it is in this city to detect crimes of this sort. A bill of exchange, at least a paper bearing the appearance of a bill of exchange, supposed to be drawn by Charles Young on Henry Lewis , was in possession of the young man at the bar; he went on the 19th of September last to the house of Messrs. James and William Chater , who are jewellers, and live in Cornhill, he pitched on a pair of knee buckles, then he desired to see a watch, a watch was shewn him of the value of seven guineas, which he agreed to take, and the knee buckles, which were valued at two guineas; these he took, and he tendered in payment the note which will be presently shewn to you; this note being drawn by Mr. Henry Lewis or order, required his indorsement upon it; when the note was so tendered to Mr. Chater, he asked the prisoner if his name was Lewis; he said yes, and he would sign his name; he accordingly signed the name Henry Lewis in the presence of Mr. Chater, on the back of this bill: Mr. Richard Chater at this time was from home; when he returned he took this note, and on applying to Messrs. Welch and Co. he found they knew nothing of the drawer, and that this note was a manifest imposition: in consequence of this, he caused the necessary advertisement to be printed, and had it circulated the next day very early, and the prisoner was apprehended; for on the very evening that the prisoner obtained these goods he turned them into cash; he went to the house of Mr. Paris, a pawnbroker, and there he pawned this watch to this Mr. Paris, which he had allowed seven guineas for, for the sum of two guineas and a half: Paris, the pawnbroker, the next day seeing this advertisement, recollected the person of the prisoner, and the young man was apprehended. You see therefore, Gentlemen, this matter is very short so far; that he put off this note with intention to defraud there cannot be a doubt; for if he had known at that time, or had supposed that the note was really of the value it professed to be, he would certainly have got cash for it otherwise, than by applying in that channel to raise money so much under the value of the note. Gentlemen, it is your province to determine upon this case; I shall call the witnesses who will prove to you, beyond the possibility of a doubt, that the prisoner at the bar is a person of the name of Hyam Levy, and that he signed the name of Lewis on the back of this note. The prisoner is likewise charged with the forgery of the acceptance of this note, which is supposed to be accepted by Mr. Olding, one of the partners, but as the marks on the note are excepted J. O. and the first letter appears to be more like an than an a, I take it for granted, an objection will be made by Mr. Sylvester, of counsel for the prisoner, that this does not altogether appear to be the word accepted.
I am a watchmaker in Cornhill, I know the prisoner; on September the 19th, between one and two he came into my shop; and desired to know the price of some knee buckles which I had in the window; I shewed him several, and at last he fixed on a pair, value two guineas; he then asked me to show him some watches, I shewed him several; I then took down one which was capped and jewelled in my own name; he asked me the price, and I told him seven guineas; he said he would take that, and then pulled out of his pocket a note; I looked at it, says I, pray Sir what is your name? he said his name was Henry Lewis , and, says he, I will write my name on the back; I said, if you please, Sir; and then he took the pen and wrote Henry Lewis , I looking at him the same time: I asked him to let me put a key to the watch; he said there was no occasion for that, he had one at home; he asked me to give him change for the note, which I did, it was only a guinea. (The note produced.) This is the note, and this is the indorsement which the prisoner wrote on the back in my presence.
After he was gone with the watch and the buckles my son came in, I desired him to go to Welch and Rogers's, to know if the note was a good one; I did not see the young man again till I saw him in Bow-street.
Had you an opportunity of knowing what his real name was?
He declared before the Justice that his name was Hyam Levy.
When this note was first tendered to you did you look at it?
I did.
Did you know such a house as Messrs. Welch and Rogers?
Yes.
Then did not it strike you as very odd that a note should be drawn upon Mr. Velch with a V, and Mr. Roger? and another thing here is wrote accepted instead of accepted; the name nor the acceptance did not answer: the name, J. O. is like a T. instead of an J. did any of these things strike you?
No, they did not then.
You thought it was a bill drawn on them?
Yes.
How far off do they live from you?
The corner of Finch-lane, and I live at No. 14, Cornhill; I had nobody with me, I could not send any body.
No, but you could have read; this young man bought some goods of you?
Yes, Sir.
Did you desire him to write his name?
No, Sir; he wrote his name voluntarily of himself; I asked him his name; he said, shall I write it at the back? I said, if you please, Sir.
Did he tell you where he got this note?
No Sir.
These blunders in the note did not occur to you?
I was so well satisfied with the knowledge of the house, I did not mind them particularly, it was the name that struck me more than any thing else.
I am the son of the last witness, my father delivered to me a note when I returned, (the note shewn him) this is the note, I went to the banking-house of Messrs. Welch and Rogers, and when I went there I tendered it to them, to know if it was a good one, they said it was not; I told my father, and as soon as possible, I got bills distributed describing the goods that had been sold at our shop, and the person to whom these goods had been delivered.
I apprehend Mr. Sylvester will object to my examination of Mr. Olding, because he is one of the partners.
I am a clerk in the bank of Messrs. Welch and Rogers, Mr. Olding is a partner there.
How does Mr. Olding sign the acceptance of a note?
He writes A, double c and a d at top and I. O.
You are sure it is A, double c?
Yes my Lord, (looks at the note) this note is not Mr. Olding's acceptance.
Is it the acceptance of any person in your house?
No, it is not, there is none of the gentlemen accept in that manner.
You do not accept bills but what are drawn on your house?
I cannot answer that.
That bill is not drawn on your house, it is drawn upon one Velch and Roger, you would not suppose this to be Welch and Rogers!
It is not their name.
Mr. Olding does not write accepted on a bill?
No Sir, he knows business better.
I live with Mr. Paris, pawnbroker, in the Strand, I know the prisoner; on the 19th of September, in the evening, he came to pledge a watch, I have the watch here, he pledged it for two guineas and a half.
This young man never described to you who Messrs. Velch and Roger were?
No Sir.
He left it to you to make a conclusion who they were?
Yes Sir.
My Lord, in this case, the prisoner tendered a note, clearly in the name of Velch, Roger and Co. bankers, in London, not describing who these bankers were, or where they lived, or that they meant the house of Messrs. Welch, Rogers, and Olding; but tendering this bill to Mr. Chater, as a bill of Messrs. Velch, Roger, and Co. who this Mr. Velch and Roger were, he does not say; that is the imagination of the holders of the bill, and of the bankers: the bill has no one mark of the house about it; Mr. Olding, it is proved, by Mr. Brandford their clerk, writes accd. and not accepted, therefore, I submit to your Lordship, there is at present no evidence to say, that the prisoner, at the time that he offered the bill, meant this house of Welch, Rogers, and Co. it might mean any body else. There is likewise another part of the indictment which states this a forgery of an acceptance in this manner,
What do you say to the last count?
That is the forgery of the indictment, indorsing his name as Lewis, when his name was Levy. I remember that case extremely well saved by myself at Leicester, and it came before all the judges.
I took it that the prisoner's name was Lewis.
Did you know him before?
No.
Do you know what his name is now of your own knowledge?
By himself, he said his name was Hyam Levy.
The case I mentioned just now, which was saved by me, and determined by all the judges, was this: A bill was in truth stolen out of a tradesman's pocket at a fair, and when he came to Derby, the person that stole it, wanted to negotiate it by the purchase of a horse at an inn, where he went; he wanted to put off this bill, (it was either a Liverpool or Manchester bill, I cannot tell which) and he applied to the landlord, he said, I cannot give you the money, but I will go to the bankers. He went without the man, the bill-holder; the bankers knew him exceedingly well, they said will you indorse this bill as your property, he said, he would go and fetch the man; he took him with him to the bankers: the bill was payable, if I mistake not, to John Williams : the bankers asked the man what his name was name was, and he said John Williams , and he indorsed the bill John Williams . They would not have taken it without the indorsement of the real name of John Williams ; his name was, for instance, George Nares , or whatever it might be. He was indicted before me for publishing a false bill of exchange, as a true bill of exchange. I believe he was executed; but the judges were all of opinion, that he was guilty: for the man advanced the money upon the supposition, that the man who wrote the name, was really John Williams.
In that case there was a man who proved that he was the real John Williams .
They never shewed who John Williams was; it was a double deceit: you personate the real drawee of the bill, if you say you are the real drawee of the bill; I give the credit to it.
As to your other point of the acceptance, if there be any thing in it, it is an objection to the form of the indictment, but not an objection now; you can only apply it now as a question to the Jury, whether a bill drawn by Velch, Roger, and Co. shall import to be a bill drawn by Welch, Rogers and Co.
The bill on the face of it states Velch, Roger, and Co. Bankers.
The bill really seems as if calculated to deceive, it may be taken for Welch in the first instance, and there is a very material thing in the V, as if there was another stroke to make it a W. I did not know at first when I looked at it, whether it was Velch or Welch. Whether it is not sufficiently purporting on the face of it, to be a bill drawn on Welch, Rogers, and Co. and whether any man taking it in the course of trade, would not consider it as such a bill.
Would you say any thing for yourself?
I leave my defence to my counsel.
I am a clerk to Mr. Solomon Gompertz , and have been with him thirteen years; I have known this young man from his infancy, many years; his character has been such, that he has had of me, and Mr. Gompertz, several drafts and cash to the best of my knowledge, but many drafts in my own name, and also for Mr. Gompertz, I never heard any thing dishonest of him, but quite the contrary; his uncle who was very well known for his honesty and integrity, as a diamond broker; as well as Mr. Gompertz as a diamond merchant, have entrusted him with parcels of diamonds to a considerable value, and never made any scruple to trust him. Mr. Gompertz is an ailing man or he would have been here himself.
