I am a weaver, a manufacturer; on the 20th of December I was going through Bishopsgate-street, and by the Black Bull, I stopped for a cart to come out of the inn; about one in the afternoon, or a little after, just behind the dark part of the gateway, I saw a man who is the prisoner, with a basket of raisins in his hand, and was walking very fast, he was coming out of the gateway, after the cart, and was going out by Mr. Macmurdo's, he turned directly to go towards Threadneedle-street, in consequence of that I called to the carman, and he went up to the man, and took the basket, and asked him what he was doing with it; I saw him do it; I asked the car-man why he did not take the man as well as the basket, but he kept to his cart; I followed the man, who took to his heels; I did not lose sight of him till the turning; I overtook him again, and looked at him in the face, and went into the Poulry Compter to get a constable to take him, I called a constable to go up Cheapside, I met him, I said that is the man, and the constable took him to the Compter.
You have no doubt but that is the same man, quite sure of it?
Quite sure, no doubt at all, I have made an affidavit before my Lord Mayor.
I am porter to William Frampton , John Thompson , and John Hustler , they keep a grocer's warehouse , No. 34, Leadenhall-street, I went with the cart to Bishopsgate-street , first to the Waggon and Horses, then to the Bull; when I was coming out of the Bull Inn, and turning the corner, I cast my eye back, and saw a man with a basket in his hand, I thought it was a basket out of my cart, I knew there was such a basket in my cart, I had five of them with the same mark, I ran up to him and said, did not you take this out of my cart, no, says he, you dropped it out of the cart, I snapped it out of his hand, and ran after the cart, it was facing Mr. Macmurdo's door, as near as I can guess, the man was got about ten yards, he was going from the cart, I turned to the left hand to go to the Green Dragon, he turned to the right, the basket was my master's, I could not swear to it, if it was not for the directions, but I am very clear of it; the directions were, Thomas Day , Saffron Walden.
Was it so placed that it was likely to fall out of the cart?
I cannot say; I should think it was not.
I am porter at the four swans, Bishopsgate-street, I was in that Inn yard at half past one, I went with an order of Hinde's and Butterfield's, I saw nothing in Bishopsgate-street; as I was coming back, the turnkey of the Poultry, said, I must go with him, I told him my name and my business; this gentleman said, he saw a carman take a basket off my back, I was very contented, I neither saw the basket nor the cart.
Are you sure you can now swear to the prisoner's person, you had but little time to observe him?
I remarked a little mark on his cheek, I am clear is the same man.
When did you see him again, how long was it?
It might be an hour very likely.
How long was it from the time you lost sight of the man, when you went to the Compter, till you took up the prisoner in Cheapside?
I believe five or six minutes; we took him up a little beyond the Old Jury, but a little from the Compter, the man threatened me, says I, my friend I think I am very clear, because I passed you, he said he had been at Hinde's and Butterfield's, as he tells you now, I went to them knowing them, they said he had been there, in that he has given you a true account; I am very glad you asked that question because it made me recollect.
You met him again returning that was between Hind and Butterfield's and the old Jury?
Yes.
Are you sure and positive as to his person?
I am very clear in it that it is the same person; I immediately followed him, I did not lose sight of him, but just at the turning of Threadneedle-street; I overtook him without running, because I thought it would only alarm him, then I looked at him, I verily believe him to be the same man, I looked at his face, his coat and his stockings, he had very brown stockings on.
You learned that he was a porter at the four swans?
Yes, sir; I went there.
Was the prisoner's hair tied behind or not?
I cannot say.
Did you observe that?
No.
I am publican at the end of Bedford-row, I know the prisoner, have known him many years, he bears a very good character; he is a porter at the four swans, he was servant to me two years, he served me faithfully.
I have known the prisoner two or three years, he is a sober, honest, industrious man, his mistress would give him an excellent character, but she is infirm and cannot come.
