On the 22d of November as I was going home to my lodging at the end of St. Giles's, a little after ten, I met that lady at the bar in Holbourn about the French Horn.
What part of Holbourn is that?
It is above the Bars, between Great and Little Turnstile; she asked me to give her a glass of wine, or I asked her to drink one, I cannot say which. We went into the French Horn.
Did you speak to her first or she to you?
I cannot tell exactly, I believe she spoke to me first. We went into the French Horn, and had some wine and water; while we were drinking the wine and water she picked my pocket of my pocket-book; I had it when I went into the house; there was nobody in the room but she and I, only the landlord brought in the wine and water.
Which pocket was it in?
My waistcoat pocket.
Were you sober or in liquor?
I was not far in liquor; I had been drinking with several friends whom I had been doing business with, but was not intoxicated.
Are you sure you were perfectly sober when you went into this house?
I had been drinking two or three glasses of wine with some people I had been going business with; I was not fuddled.
Had you a great coat on over your waistcoat?
I had no great coat on at the time, I had this coat on.
Was your coat buttoned over your waistcoat?
I cannot tell that.
How long before you went into the house had you felt the pocket-book in your pocket?
I cannot tell, it was not long, I had my hand in my pocket just before I met her and felt it in my pocket.
Are you sure you had it after you left the house you was in before you met her?
Yes, I felt it in my pocket in the street. I often feel in my pockets as I walk along the street, to see if my books and things are safe.
How long were you in the house with the prisoner?
About ten or fifteen minutes. I agreed to go with this gentlewoman to her lodging; she desired me to go up the horse-ride, and she would go up the alley, and meet me in Holborn. I went like a fool, but did not meet with the lady. I missed my pocket-book, and returned immediately, and told Mr. Parry I had been robbed in his house. The horse-ride is in the yard, and there is an alley. She was to meet me in Holborn.
Did she tell you where she lodged or was she to shew you to her lodging?
She did not tell me, she was to shew me; I had not been out of the house above four or five minutes before I missed my pocket-book, and returned and told Mr. Parry.
Did you go back into the room where you had been with her to see if you could find it?
Yes, we went and looked round the room directly but could not find it.
Then it occurred to you when you missed it, that you might have dropped it in that room?
It was impossible to drop it out of my pocket unless it was pulled out. I went to the room and looked, but had no great notion that it had dropped out of my pocket.
Had not your waistcoat been open while you was in that room?
No, my waistcoat was not unbuttoned while I was in the room with her.
What did you do on missing it?
I went to bed; I staid there all night; I asked the landlord the next day if he knew any thing of her; he said he knew nothing about her; then I staid till after dinner, to see if I could get any intelligence of her.
When did you get any intelligence of her?
In four or five days, I cannot tell exactly the day.
How did you hear of her?
Mr. Parry sent me a letter by the post, and I came to town immediately and got a warrant for the prisoner; she was taken before I came to town. When they sent for me to town I swore to her. She was taken before Justice Triguet, in Hart-street, Bloomsbury; she owned being with me but denied knowing any thing of the pocket-book.
Did you ever get your book again?
No.
What was in the book?
A twenty pound bank note; I put it in that afternoon; I took it for some cattle I had sold.
Are you sure the bank note was in it?
Yes; there were besides memorandums and bills and receipts in it.
I have no questions to ask him, he is very well convinced I never was near him.
I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to Justice Triguet's with a charge; I had had descriptions of her and therefore took her as my prisoner; I had a warrant against her for this matter of Mr. Deverell.
You took this to be the woman you had the warrant against?
Yes.
Was she searched?
No.
Neither at that time nor any other?
No.
Did you enquire for her lodging?
Yes, we found the place where she lodged.
Did you search the lodging?
No.
Why did not you search?
Because it was the 14th of December when I took her, it was a long while after the robbery.
Upon her examination at Justice Triguet's, or at any other time did she say any thing about the robbery?
No, she only said she had been with the person drinking some mulled wine, but denied the fact.
I keep the French Horn in Holborn. On the 22d of November Mr. Matthew Deverell and the prisoner came to my house about a quarter after ten at night, and had some wine and water; they staid about a quarter of an hour, then they both went away; Mr. Deverell came back in a short time and said he had lost a pocket-book. As soon as they were gone I went into the room and took the bowl and candle away. There was no pocket-book there then; nobody but me went into the room.
Did you look round the room then?
No.
Did you go and look in the room when Deverell came back?
I cannot swear to that, I do not recollect; I believe we did go and look into the room. I asked him why he thought the woman had taken his pocket-book from him, and he gave me his reasons.
When the prosecutor came back and you searched the room you did not find any thing?
No; I told him his best way was to remain in town and I would make what enquiry I could after her.
You did not know the prisoner at that time?
Yes.
Did you know where she lodged?
No, I did not know where she lodged; I made all the enquiry I could and as soon as I heard of her wrote to Mr. Deverell in the country consequence of which he came to town.
Do you know any thing further of the matter?
No.
Was you present at the examination of the prisoner?
Yes; she always denied it from first to last.
I met with the prosecutor promiscuously in Holborn; he came up to me and asked me to go and drink a glass of wine at this man's house. I went in with him; he asked what I chose to drink; I said a glass of red port mulled; he sat down on one side of the table and I on the other; he pulled out half a crown and asked me if I would lie with him for that; I said I never accepted of any thing so mean as half a crown; he said it was immaterial, if I would not do it for that; he had been with two other girls that evening. He said perhaps if I took him home he might make me a present of something more. I said I could not take him home for any such money. He asked me where he could find me again; I said in Holborn; he said he would go up the horse-ride, and I went up Holborn. The prosecutor passed me afterwards in Holborn; he was very much in liquor; he said nothing to me nor I to him. I was afterwards informed that Mr. Parry charged me with taking a bank note from the prosecutor; I went to Mr. Parry's, and gave him a direction where I lived, and asked him where the prosecutor was; he said he was gone into the country, but would come to town that afternoon; I said very well, there I lodge, if he has any such thing to charge me with, he may do it any time. I was at Mr. Parry's house almost every night after the warrant was out against me. He said nothing to me. I asked him before the constable if he did not know where I lodged; he said he did; I asked him why he did not call upon me at my lodging; he said the prosecutor had been several times in town, and never came near him; that he should never have come after me if he had not met with me.
To Parry. Did the prisoner come to your house to give you a direction where she lodged?
I gave it out that she had taken this bank note and that she had better come to my house; a few nights after she came in such a bullocking manner that I begged she would walk out of the house, and she might depend upon it she would hear of it again.
Did she tell you where she lodged?
She did not; I heard afterwards that she lodged at one Rushworth's in Covent Garden; I said it looked bad her never coming to my house afterwards, she never was there but that once.
