I am the wife of Isaac Lloyd ; my husband lives in Peter-street, Westminster ; the prisoner lodged with us on the 18th of November with a woman that passed as his wife. He made an excuse to go backwards; I was in the yard; when he got into the back yard he broke my window open; this was at three o'clock in the afternoon; I caught him at it, so he did not steal any thing; he went up stairs and gave his wife the key of his room, then he went out. At six o'clock, somebody came in and asked what it was o'clock, my clock did not go; I went into the back room where my husband's watch hung and looked at it; it was then six o'clock by my watch; I washed my little girl and then went into the yard; I saw the prisoner coming out of the back parlour window; I heard him say to somebody over the pales; by G - d I had like to have been too short; for he came through another persen's pales into my back yard; I missed my husband's watch and chain; it was a silver watch with two cases; the glass of the watch was broke, that was the reason my husband did not carry it in his pocket; there was a steal chain; a stone seal; a steel watch key, and a brass one. My husband is a carpenter and was out at work.
I am a pawnbroker; and live opposite Somerset-house in the strand; this silver watch (producing it,) I took in pledge from Thomas Hindle on the 18th of November, about seven or eight o'clock in the evening; I lent him twelve shillings upon it; he said he brought it from a fellow soldier who was in the barracks; he said his name was Duckworth.
I know nothing about it; I was not in the house at the time; I came off guard on Saturday; I went out and came home at twelve at night. I knocked at the door, they would not let me in; so I went and gave a shilling for a bed in Westminster.
I was a recruit and came up to the regiment at the same time with the prisoner; at the request of the prisoner I pawned this watch; I asked him why he would not pawn it himself, he said as I had a coloured coat on I should be able to raise more money upon it than he should do in a soldier's habit; that induced me to comply with his request; I pawned the watch for twelve shillings with Mr. Purre; I gave the money immediately to Duckworth, who was standing on the outside of the pawnbroker's door waiting for me.
I apprehended the prisoner; when before the justices the prisoner confessed voluntarily that he stole the watch; and that he had employed Hindle in pawning it; he at the same time cried and begged they would be favourable to him.
