I was robbed the 29th of March, between London and Bays-water, in Saint George's-row ; I was on foot; I met two soldiers; they produced bludgeons and demanded my money; I have not a doubt of the prisoner being one; they were both in their regimentals; it was quite moonlight.
Had the prisoner any thing over his face?
Neither of them had; he had a cocked regimental hat; I delivered him three half-crowns, four new sixpences, and a sixpence with a hole in it; the moment I had given them my money, they told me not to look behind; but\\ not\\ withstanding that as soon as I had got a very small distance from them, I turned round, and one of them attempted to follow me; I then went on, and at a very small distance, a gentleman and his servant on horseback came up; I told him the circumstance; they pursued them, and I pursued them, and on this side the turnpike the prisoner was taken; I came up as fast as I could run after the horses; I dare say in three minutes; I have no doubt at all of the prisoner; there are two other witnesses here who are not at the back of the bill.
I am servant to Captain James Lutterell ; I was going to my master's house, at Craven-hill, about ten minutes before nine; I met two soldiers; a gentleman's servant came galloping up, and said a gentleman had just been robbed; I said, by two soldiers? he said yes, he believed they were in soldiers clothes; I said, there they are; he came up as I came up; I took hold of the prisoner; the other witness stopped him first on horseback.
Had they any sticks?
I did not see any thing; I put my arms about him, but I did not feel any thing, nor he did not make any resistance; Mr. Raynes came up in a minute and a half after.
I am servant to Mr. Graham, of Duke-street, Saint James's; I met the prosecutor on the road, he said he had been robbed, and he begged my master and me to ride on; and we did, and after we had rode some space of ground we overtook the prisoner; Mr. Raynes described them as two soldiers in regimentals; I dismounted and seized the prisoner; I came up with the prisoner about three minutes after I had spoke to the prosecutor; I only saw this prisoner.
Had this prisoner any weapon with him?
No, I never saw any.
Was this man searched?
Yes, at the turnpike.
He was not regularly searched at the watch-house; one of Sir Sampson's men produced a stick, but in fact, I did not believe it to be one of the sticks.
I heard a noise in the road, and I looked over the wall to see what was the matter; I was in the park, and got over the wall and stood in the road, and they took me; I have no friends in town.
Nobody from your own regiment nor your company?
Not that I know of.
Had you lost sight of him?
I had lost sight of him certainly.
Was any of your property found upon him?
Not on this man, there was another man escaped.
There were three other soldiers came by.
Were there any other soldiers came by?
I saw no other but the prisoner.
The other witness said he saw the other soldier.
Did you own you saw the other soldier upon the road at that time?
No, I did not see any body at all on that side of the road.
Did you see any body in regimentals on the road, within five or ten minutes?
No.
Did you ever say you did?
No.
Yes, my Lord, he did say so.
Did you see two men together?
Yes, I did when the horse was standing, then I saw them about three or four yards distance; he rode on the pathway, and I thought he had taken the other; I never saw the other when he went off; I saw him run before me; I only saw them men and nobody going up that side of the road; I was in the middle of the road, and there were some people walking on the other side of the road, but nobody coming towards the turnpike.
