I am a glazier . On Tuesday the 7th of March, I sent my man to clean and repair some windows at the house of a Mr. Packer in High Holborn . The prisoner was painting the house. At the time I went my man was gone to dinner; he came back in about half an hour, and missed the machine irons, and asked me if I had seen them. They are irons we put into the machine we stand upon when we get out of a window. I asked the prisoner if he had seen any thing of them; he said he had not; on the next day, I was there; I asked the prisoner the same question again; he said he had not seen any thing of them; and more than that, if I offered to say any thing farther of it he would beat me and use me very ill, which he did, for he followed me and beat me much; I felt the blows I suppose six days after. I heard nothing more of it till the 10th, when I was sent for by the master painter, and we apprehended the prisoner.
The prisoner was my journeyman ; he was employed to do the painting business in Mr. Parker's house. On the Wednesday, I heard the glazier had lost the machine irons, and that my man had used him very ill. I had a good opinion of the prisoner; he had worked for me some time, and I had placed some confidence in him. On Friday following, which was the 10th, I met him in King-street, Holborn, about half after eleven o'clock with some lead in his apron which came off the top of a house. I was struck with seeing him at that hour out of his business and asked him what he was going to do with the lead, and whom it belonged to? He said it came off Mr. Packer's house; that the journeyman carpenter had given it to him, and he was going to sell it; I desired him to bring it back directly; he said he would, and he followed me. I went into the house and asked the carpenters what they had given my man? they said they had not seen him for some hours. I went to the door to look for him; I could not see any thing of him. I went to Mr. Packer, who lived at the adjoining house, and told him, I had detected my man stealing some of his lead. I went to his lodgings and found the lead; I pulled down a box in the closet; having missed a variety of things at different times, and I found the machine irons by the side of it.
I cannot say but I did hit that man, because he said I had got the pins. Mr. Hall came and found the pins lie publickly. I had a board to paint for Mr. Parker the plaisterer, which I intended to finish on Saturday, and bring the pins back on Monday. I took them home; we were moving things backwards and forwards. I was afraid they would be lost.
