I live at Walton upon Thames , and keep a linen-draper's and broker's shop . On the 31st of October I lost thirteen gold rings, a pair of silver salts, and a great quantity of remnants of muslin worked in aprons, out of my shop window. I likewise lost two remnants of lawn, and a pair of half-boots.
At what time of the day were they stolen?
I went out to an auction at Esher. I did not come home till ten or eleven at night, then I found my house was robbed, my sister wa gone to London, and she had locked up the house, and no person was left in the house; the house was locked up when I went to the auction.
Was you the first person who got home?
Yes. This (producing it) is an inventory of the things I lost, which I gave in at the publick office. I found the house as I left it. I imagine the person must have got in at the window.
In what situation did you leave the window when you went out?
Shut down but not fastened.
How high is it?
Near six yards from the ground.
So high that a man could not get up without a ladder?
I believe a man could with a step or some such thing. Mr. Shakespear took the prisoner up and put him in prison as a vagabond; he suspected he had robbed me. That window is in the chamber.
Is the shop a part of the dwelling-house?
Yes. The clerk at Litchfield-street office desired me to be favourable to the prisoner upon his discovering my things to me, that was the reason of its being charged only a single felony. When he was taken there were pawnbrokers duplicates found upon him of some of my things. I went to one Davies's by St. George's church in the Borough, and enquired if Bullon had been to pawn any rings there since I had spoke to him before of my having been robbed; that was about a fortnight ago. He told me there was a watch which some man had pawned there, and a ring with it. He told me the man was taken to Litchfield-street. I went there the next day, then the prisoner owned where he had pawned the things which the duplicates were for which were found upon him when he was taken.
When did you see him before the justice?
On the same day I think that I was at the pawnbroker's.
Was he there when you came the first day?
He was in New Prison; he was brought up that day or the next, I am not quite sure which. The duplicates were produced at the office. He told the clerk of the office in my hearing of the different pawnbrokers,
with whom he had pawned my-things. He was sent to the pawnbrokers with some men to guard him.
I am keeper of the round-house at St. Giles's; there are more duplicates besides these, which I took from the prisoner; I found them in his waistcoat pocket, in a nutmeg-grater with several other things.
Can you, upon looking at these duplicates, tell who they were given by?
Yes, here is the place of abode upon them, Thames-street, and so on.
Where is Church-street?
In the Borough.
Where is Kent-street?
Behind St. George's Church, in the Borough.
Were there any goods found in Middlesex?
Yes; a great many.
By means of the duplicates?
No; none.
What is the name of the pawnbroker in Middlesex where any of the goods were found?
One is Laton; I went to Laton's. The prisoner was examined and then we went with him to those places. I went to one pawnbroker in Oxford Road; Dobree I believe his name is; he gave the property up before the magistrate, and so did several other pawnbrokers.
I am a pawnbroker; I live in Prince's-street, St. James's. I have here (producing them) two remnants of muslin, a remnant of lawn, a pair of half boots, and a silk handkerchief; I received them from the prisoner at the bar on the 1st of November. I lent him a guinea on them.
Had you ever seen him before?
Not to my knowledge.
Do you swear he is the man?
I am not positive; I can't take upon me to swear that, it being some time since.
I am a pawnbroker in Wardour-street, Soho. I have four tea-spoons, a strainer, and a ring; I did not take them in; the person that took them in went from our house before we had the information from the office. I don't know who brought them.
I am the wife of John Cooper ; we live at Marybone ; we lodge at one Mr. Watson's. On the 1st of this month I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them.) They were stolen out of a back room that I let out to the prisoner.
Did you let the goods to the prisoner?
No; only the sheet that was on the bed.
Who did the other things belong to?
My husband; the clothes belonged to my son; they were in a leather trunk in the room; the gown was hung up. I missed them just after seven o'clock in the morning; the prisoner left the room door open; I looked into the room and missed the things. I had seen them in the evening when he went into the room.
Did any person lie in the room besides the prisoner?
No; the prisoner was taken with the clothes about him in the morning; I saw him, a few minutes after he was taken, in St. Giles's Round-house, about ten o'clock or before; my things were there then.
I am the keeper of the Round-house. I found these things (producing them) on the prisoner; Davis called out about seven o'clock that he had got a thief! I jumped out of bed immediately and laid hold of him and took this bundle from under his arm.
I did not take them I found them; I have no witnesses.
