I am footman to Mr. Meyrick; on the 9th of May my master lost four silver spoons, between eleven and twelve, I was in the servants hall below stairs; I cast my eye round, and saw the prisoner coming out of the pantry; I called to her, and asked her what she wanted, she said, she came down for some broken victuals, I told her that was an idle excuse; I took her into the yard adjoining the pantry, and I insisted upon searching her; she had some things in her lap, and while she was undoing her apron, I saw some silver spoons in her bosom, they have a cypher upon them; I accused her with having them, and she threw them from her on the stones in the yard; I sent for a constable; I do not recollect picking them up.
How are we to know they are the same spoons?
I kept them locked up in my box ever since; I went for a constable, and left the woman in the care of my fellow servant; I was not half an hour gone; the spoons were laying in the pantry window when I came back.
Did any conversation pass between you about the spoons?
No other than I accused her of having the spoons, and she threw them down.
Had you seen the spoons before?
No; I never examined whether the spoons were missing, nor I never counted them.
Had the spoons you found in the pantry any mark on them?
Yes, they have my master's crest; I had no suspicion till I saw them in her bosom.
I am butler to Mr. Meyrick; on the 9th of May I heard the other witness speaking to this woman about having stolen something, and I went into the pantry to see what I had lost, and I missed these four spoons, which I had used for breakfast; the woman was in the hall when he charged her, I told him to hold the woman while I saw what was missed else; and while I was looking, the spoons were found on the floor in the yard adjoining the pantry; they were taken up and put on the ledge in the yard, I do not know by whom.
Did you see the spoons afterwards?
I saw them after they were upon the ledge; the last witness took them and locked them up in his box.
I never saw the spoons; I asked for a morsel of bread.
