I was robbed last Sunday evening, between nine and ten, in the New-road , near St. George's turnpike, three men met me, one held me, while two others rifled my pockets; I said, do not use me ill, I have not much money in my pocket, I will not make a noise; one of them said, damn his eyes, give him a topper at once; they took my watch, one shilling, and two sixpences, and a few halfpence, about three or four pennyworth; the one that held me gave me a shove, and said, go along; they went about twenty or thirty yards, and some people were coming along, and I cried out, stop thief; they were followed, I kept about the distance of between fifty and sixty yards, for fear they should shoot me; and I heard John Nightingale say, damn him, I have got him fast; I then went up, and saw the scuffle: the prisoner was one of the men, and Nightingale took the property from him.
I was coming from Mile-End, between nine and ten, I heard the cry of stop thief, stop thief! two or three times, in about half a minute two men came in sight of me; I let them pass me, they gently passed me, I did not think they were the persons; but I said to the person that was with me, perhaps these are the men that have done the robbery, and I turned round to take them, and they ran as hard as they could, and I run after them, and caught one of the men in about twenty yards, that was the prisoner; I found no fire arms about him, but clenched in his hand was the watch and chain, one shilling and two sixpences; I opened his hand, and out tumbled the watch; I delivered the watch, and the money to the officer of the night.
I was with the last witness between nine and ten going down the new road, I heard the cry of stop thief! or stop them, I cannot tell which, I saw three men going gently, I had no suspicion of them then, as soon as I turned round to them, says the prisoner, you dog, if you look at me, or offer to stop me, I will blow your brains out; I run after him, and hit him three or four times with a stick, and I knocked him down, I saw the watch drop from him.
I produce these things, I have had them ever since. (The things deposed to.) The seal is a ship in full sail.
I was coming up the road, and they came and took me.
