On the 3d of June last I cleared some tea for the prosecutors, among which was a chest of tea which I believe is lost; it was left in the company's warehouse in Fenchurch-street ; I do not know what is become of it.
I live with Mr. Wallis, a grocer in the Mint, on the 3d of June I went to the company's warehouse for two chests of hyson tea; Mr. Viney was the broker, and I believe about two in the day I got the two chests of tea, he shewed me the chests, and I put them in the cart, when I came to the corner of Fenchurch-street I asked Gregory if he would take his chest of tea, the prisoner was no accquaintance of mine; I took it up an alley by his desire, and put it in a room, I do not know what mark there was upon the chest, I objected to carry the chest of tea up the alley, because I did not know that I had any business to carry it, and he told me he would give me some beer, we drank a pot of beer, and I let him ride as far as Mr. Saxelby's in the Borough; I know nothing more.
Gregory is an acquaintance, he brought a chest of tea to our house about dusk.
I was not at home when it was left, but about half after nine the prisoner came and fetched the chest away.
The prisoner lived servant with us about two years, during which time he has been entrusted with large sums of money; I did not hear of the loss of this chest of tea for some time after, which was the 3d of June, when I questioned the prisoner about it, he told me
Will you give me leave to ask you if any promises have been made?
I do not know what Mr. Arthur did.
How is that matter?
I certainly did.
Then we cannot hear any thing of it.
I was hired on Saturday the 13th of June to Messrs. Garret and Co. grocers at Moregate.
Do you attend the lading always?
Yes, thirteen chests should have gone, but there was but twelve, not finding the chest, we waited till all the other carts came in to see if any mistake had happened; there proved to be none, then we sent home the dozen of chests, and we made
as much enquiry as ever we could, and challenged the young man several times, and he denied it.
There is no evidence of the identity of the property sufficient to convict the prisoner.
