I am a plaisterer ; I live at No. 2, Conway-court ; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment on the 26th of December; I was at work when it happened; when I came home, the things were missing; we had a suspicion this woman had got them; we said nothing to her for a day or two, thinking we should find the things; the prisoner was a lodger; she got out of the way; I could not take her for six weeks after; then we could not find any thing of our property but an apron she had pawned.
On the 26th of December I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) out of the parlour; the prisoner had lodged with me eleven or twelve days; I let her the back parlour at half-a-crown a week at first, afterwards she agreed to go down into the kitchen: on the 26th of December she helped me set the room to rights, she put the watch into a cannister in the tea-chest; that afternoon I was going out; she wanted to persuade me to go on the Wednesday, but I went that day; she said, as I would go, she would go, and went out a little before me; she asked me, where she should meet me to help me bring home my child at night, and I told her; and she came about half after five, at the place appointed, to help me bring the child: we went home about half after six, or near seven; when we came in, the tea-chest was on the floor.
Who lived in the house?
There was a lodger on the first floor; my apartment was locked; I found it as I left it, when we came in, and the tea-chest was on the floor; she said, Where is the watch? I am afraid you have been robbed; I looked, and the watch was gone: she bid me not be flurried; she dared say that was not all I had lost, and desired me to go and look in my drawers: I went and looked in the drawer where my gown that I lost was, under my husband's clothes; I saw my husband's clothes safe; I did not miss any thing: she said, I was flurried, and bid me look again, I should find I had lost more; I looked again, and missed my gown; the next day I missed three aprons out of the clothes-bag; I told my husband I was robbed; he said, it must be somebody in the house, and said he would have them searched; the prisoner seemed very confused; the next day she ran away: there is a door from each parlour into the passage, but they were both locked.
Can you form a judgement whether they were taken before you went out?
They were all there when I went out; I have not found any thing but one apron; I am almost positive it was in the room when I went out.
I am servant to Townshend and Co. pawnbrokers, in Sherrard's court, Upper Brook-street. I have an apron the prisoner brought on the 22d of December, with other things; afterwards she had the other things, and left these the 28th of February.
This apron I pawned the 22d of December; she lent me this apron to fetch an halfpennyworth of sand; I was in distress, and pawned it; I meant to take it out again: I know nothing of the things that were lost out of the room; I never was in it.
I never lent her the apron.
