I am a shopkeeper , in King-street, Covent-Garden . The prisoner has used my shop some time; I thought very well of her. On my return from the city, on the 11th of June last, I saw the prisoner in the shop; I spoke to her; my shop-woman, Ann Lloyd , called me on one side, and said she had reason to think the prisoner had stolen some lace; I looked at the prisoner, and she went immediately out of the shop; she had some things in her hand; she said she would return presently and pay for them; she went out; I followed her, and desired her to come back; I said, my shop-woman wanted to speak with her; she said she should soon come back: at last I told her she must go back with me. When she went back, we charged her with having stolen something, and said she must be searched; she went down into the kitchen, and my shop-woman with her; nothing was found upon her there; they came up again; I insisted upon her being searched thoroughly; they took her up into the dining-room, and soon after these three pieces of ribbon were delivered to me by Ann Lloyd as found upon the prisoner; they have my marks upon them. She confessed stealing some other things; we went to her lodging, and found the other things laid to have been stolen on the 10th.
Do you know that it was her lodging?
No.
Did you make her any promise of favor to induce her to make that confession?
I did.
Then you must not mention her confession.
I saw the prisoner secrete three pieces of lace; I told Mr. Watridge of it. When the prisoner was brought back, she was taken down stairs into the kitchen; she let me search one of her pockets; I did not find any thing in that; she refused to let me search her any further: she said she had but one pocket on. As I still persisted in charging her with having secreted some lace, Mr. Watridge insisted upon having her searched thoroughly; then we took her up into the dining-room; my master's mother, the maid servant, and myself, went with her; one piece of lace dropped from her up stairs, and we found the other pieces of lace under her stays, and the ribbons in her other pocket.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
