I am a Polander born. I am in Colonel Tuffnall 's service; the 14th of September we came from Chatham Camp, between seven and eight o'clock, to the Colonel's lodgings, in Dover-street ; I was behind on horseback, and the Colonel drove himself in a phaeton; the trunk was behind, I saw it then as I passed the chaise in order to open the door; before the woman came with the candle, just as the Colonel was getting out, there was a cry, Here is your thief, and trunk! so I perceived that some straps were hanging; and this gentleman brought the thief and trunk: the man was taken directly on the spot, it was not five minutes, (the straps and trunk produced, the straps were cut.)
Was the trunk off the phaeton?
Yes, they brought the trunk immediately; I did not see him take it.
I live in St. James's-street; on the 14th of September, a little before seven, as I was going down Little St. James's-street, near the end, three men rushed by me, one of them asked me what it was o'clock; I crossed the way, and as I crossed, I heard a carriage pass me, and I looked round to see if I was clear of it, and I knew it to be the Colonel's, by the horses, they are particular horses; and I saw the prisoner with three fellows, behind the chaise; the footman was on horseback; they rushed by me, and run up the street: I suspected their intention was to cut what was behind the chaise; I was determined to see the event. I wondered the servant had not trod on them, they got between the servant and the phaeton. By this time, the chaise was facing my own house; I run very fast, and came up with the hindermost of the three. The chaise turned into Dover-street, and I run so fast that I came up with the chaise, then the prisoner and the other men fetched a pull, and down came the trunk; when the trunk was down, the prisoner took up one end, and the other men took up the other, it was very dark, they got it up; it was down in a moment: they carried the trunk along Stafford-street, in the middle of the street I perceived a light, and I jumped in between them, says I, put this trunk down, they all three said blast your eyes; the prisoner struck the trunk against my legs; I was so hesitated I jumped back, and called, Thieves! then they all three dropped this trunk, and run away; the prisoner was hindermost; he was taken. I am sure he is the man.
I am a Chairman at the King's Head in Albemarle-street; I heard the cry of Stop thief! and this man was behind and I took him; I cannot say that he took the trunk.
I had been to Knights-Bridge to my uncle, I was coming down Picadilly, I heard the cry of Stop thief! the man came and laid hold of me; I never saw the trunk; I was there by accident, I was going home about my business; my friends are all in the country.
