On the 4th of December last, between seven and eight o'clock at night, I lost about sixteen guineas in gold, four gold rings, two mourning rings, and two plain ones, two watches, one a metal watch, gilt, with an Egyptian pebble case, one plain silver watch; two punch ladles, silver, whalebone handles; two plated tankard lids; a tobacco box, silver and tortoishell, a tortoishell box, mounted with silver.
Where were they?
The one pair of stairs room of my house in Rolls Buildings, Fetter-lane ; they picked the lock.
When did you see them there?
With respect to the money, I took 10 l. from it the Saturday before; I left the money in the drawer then, and the silver watch and the rings were in the bureau where the money was.
Where were the other things?
The other watch my wife wore, it hung up at the head of the bed; I believe the ladles and tankard lids were in a chest of drawers.
When had you seen them?
On Saturday night; I had the key of the bureau in my pocket.
You say they were taken on the 4th of December; what was your reason for saying so?
There was a parish meeting, I am a vintner, the meeting was at the committee-room at the Work-house, I was there, my wife sent for me home, as soon as I came home, they told me I had been robbed, I went up stairs, found the bureau opened, and the drawers pulled out; she began to tell me how she had been robbed, this was near eight o'clock; our reason for charging the prisoner is, my servant saw Daniel Murphy come down stairs, and this woman brought some fish to the house, and begged to have them dressed; she came in before I went out, between six and seven o'clock.
With Murphy?
No.
You are a vintner?
Yes; I keep the King's Arms, have kept it fourteen years; she came in, and desired to have them dressed for a prisoner over the way; there is a lock-up house there; we first refused it, at last my wife agreed to it, knowing some little of her.
Why did you think she took the things?
My wife had some suspicions of her; I know nothing more than her coming with the fish.
Were the goods found?
No; nothing has been found.
Mr. Bayliss has given an account of the things lost, now give the reason why you charge the prisoner; on what day did she come, and what time?
On the 4th of December, between 7 and eight; she brought some fish in, and asked me if I would chuse to dress them for a prisoner over the way; I told her Mrs. Kendray would be angry, she said is wae to save her trouble; when I had dressed them, she said they must be sent over the way, and then she went away, she told me she would let me know the time they were to be done; in a quarter of an hour she came back, and said if convenient she would have them done; I was going into my room, she met me at the door, and said she would like to have them done; at the same time I heard a noise above stairs, she was below; when she said she would have them dressed, I went in again, they were cleaned and put to boil, the servant was reaching the butter; the prisoner asked what must it be for dressing, I said nothing; she said there must be some butter, I said that must be a penny, she went away, and came again, and said there must be an anchovie, then she went away again, and came back, and said she wanted a pennyworth of bread, and then went away, I saw her no more, she did not go up stairs.
Did any body see Murphy come down stairs?
Yes.
Did nobody see her up stairs?
No.
Then nobody saw her in the house, and none of the things in her custody, and only merely going in or out for a common purpose?
No; but we accuse her of keeping me stairs, while we were robbed.
You are a servant of Mr. Bayliss?
Yes.
What account have you to give?
I had got a great suspicion, on Monday the 3d of December we had a benefit club, the prisoner came in, and was list'ning on the stairs.
How many came on the Monday night?
There might be thirty people; I saw her about eleven at night on the stairs; she asked for a man and a woman with a light colour'd cloak, she went away in ten minutes, she came through the house to the back door; I bolted that, she asked me if that was not the way to Lincoln's Inn, I said turn the corner.
Is there a way through the house?
Yes.
Did you ever see her go up stairs?
No; the Monday night I saw her on the stairs, she came back and forwards, I saw Murphy come down stairs on the 4th of December, my mistress sent me to stop him; when she said she was robbed, the prisoner was standing still opposite the door, after the house had been robbed that instant; she bid me go and see to find Murphy, she supposed he had taken the things; she said something as I was running after Murphy, I don't know what it was, I thought she was connected with it.
Why did not they take her?
They were flurried.
In respect of being on the stairs on the Monday night, I never was near them in my life.
I have no witnesses in the world to the matter, as I was very innocent of the affair; if you please to call my landlord, Mr. Cole, a person I lodged with sixteen years ago.
I am a carpenter in Great St. Andrew's-street, I have known the prisoner at the bar 14 or 15 years, she lodged with me five or six years, and paid me honestly and justly, I never heard any thing amiss of her.
