I was robbed last Sunday night; as near as I can guess, about a quarter past eight; I was in New James-street , facing one Payne's, a butcher; there was no soul near hand; I had been at the publick-house, near where I live, about six, and drank part of two or three penny-worth of crank and a pint of beer, with a person there about eight; I went and knocked at the door; my mother was not at home; she usually goes to church on a Sunday; I went twice again; I went to have a bason of soup; when I came to this Payne's the butcher's, which is next door but one; three lads stepped up to me, two of them said something to me, which I did not understand; I thought they asked me the name of the street; before I spoke the prisoner sprung about a yard to me and snatched the watch out of my pocket; I had no suspicion of the robbery till the man was gone; I called out stop thief, and kept the high road as he did; the other two run away; I pursued him, he run about thirty yards, and then he was stopped and fell down and got up immediately; I saw him again in two minutes after he was stopped; he cried stop thief, and lurked along.
What are you?
A journeyman carpenter.
This was on Sunday night, I believe?
Yes.
Your mother goes to church of a Sunday night?
Yes.
You go to drink crank instead of going to church with your mother?
Not constantly.
How much had you drank that night?
Part of two or three penny-worth.
Was you sober upon your oath?
I was, upon my oath.
Who advised you to prosecute this poor boy for an highway robbery?
Nobody.
You know there is a reward in this case of forty pounds?
I do not know any thing at all of these things, but I have heard of such things; as to my part I had rather be without the reward; I do not want it; it has been very disagreeable to me; I have not contrived to indict him for a highway robbery.
When they came up to you, you say, you did not suspect their intention to rob you, till the watch was gone?
No.
So that I take it for granted there was no violence used to you?
No, not in the least, it was gone as quick as lightning; I did not know I was robbed till the watch was out of my pocket; I did not understand what the other man said; I lost sight of him entirely, while I fell down; it was about half after eight; the robbery was about two minutes; my watch was snatched as upright as a dart; I was rather frightened.
This was a momentary transaction?
Yes.
The night was very dark?
It was duskish.
Taking all these circumstances together, that the night was dark, that you was frightened, and that the transaction was sudden; I take it for granted, you could not swear to the person who took your watch?
When he stepped up to me, I was underneath a lamp.
I picked up a watch; it wanted a quarter to nine, in New James-street; I did not see the boy nor know him, till he was in the watch-house; I saw one running, but I could not say it was him.
Is that the watch that you picked up?
It looks like the same according to the maker's name and number 1265, the name Hayley, to the best of my remembrance; I only looked at it once.
How came you to recollect the number and the maker's name?
Because I was told it afterwards; it appeared to be something towards that number; that is the watch that was delivered to me by the constable.
This is my watch; I can swear to it.
I heard the cry of stop thief; I caught hold of somebody, but I cannot swear to him.
Was the boy you caught hold of, the same that was carried to the watch-house and secured?
Yes.
The watch had two cases, one of them is lost.
I live in King's-street, Golden-square; I am a hair-dresser; the prisoner worked with me; he has lived with me twelve months; he never defrauded me of a farthing to the best of my knowledge; he has one of the best of characters I ever heard; his character was that of a sober, honest, industrious boy; he only left me on the Sunday he was taken up.
I live in Prince's-street, Cavendish-square; I know the prisoner ever since he was with this gentleman; I always knew him to be a very honest good character; I have had reason to trust him in many respects myself, and have found him honest.
Will you now, to save the boy's character, take him again?
Yes, I will.
Then you will do a very good and kind thing.
You owe a great deal to that master of your's; he has saved your life, and saved you from perdition; I hope you will shew that gratititude to him that you owe, by behaving well to him and to every body else; go home and thank your master, and live with him, and do not get to other bad boys. Deliver him to his master.
