I lost a pair of sheets in September last. The prisoner was a lodger in my house; she went away about Christmas. I missed them about six weeks ago. When she went away she left the key on the bulk of the stairs. We found it about a week after. When we went into the room we missed an iron pot. The sheets were taken out of the next room to her's.
How came you not to miss them sooner?
Because some people lived in the room; they went away about six weeks ago.
What is become of those people?
Upon my word I do not know. After they were gone I missed the sheets out of their room. I found a pawnbroker's duplicate in the room they were taken from. I went to the pawnbroker's and found them; the prisoner owned to her taking of them.
You are a d - d liar; I don't choose to ask her no questions, my lord.
I am a pawnbroker. I took in one of the sheets of the prisoner on the 22d of October, the other was pledged on the 17th of November. I don't know whether the lad or I took it in; the duplicate is his writing. I have known the prisoner several years; she came backward and forward.
Did you ask her any questions about the sheet?
None,
Where do you live?
At Mr. Dobree's in Holborn.
Did you know where she lodged?
No.
Did you understand that this woman was a lodger or a house-keeper?
I never understood which she was; she was known before I came to Mr. Dobree's; they were pawned in the name of Linch.
Is there any mark upon them?
None.
Can you give any reason why you know them from any other sheets?
I know the linen.
These sheets were not in the prisoners room?
No; the prisoner owned to them before the justice.
Was any body present besides you at the examination?
Yes; my daughter Mary M'Ginnis .
Did she say where she had taken them from, or who had given them to her?
She said she took them out of the next room.
Did the prisoner, or the people who lodged in the next room, leave their lodging first?
The prisoner; she went away before Christmas.
How long did the other people continue in the lodging after the prisoner was gone?
They went away about six weeks ago.
That is about three weeks after the prisoner?
They stayed longer.
I am daughter to the last witness.
Was you present at the justice's when the prisoner was examined about this matter?
Yes; she owned to the things; all I heard her say before the justice was, she had no friend to help her.
What did you say about the sheets, did she or not say how she came by them?
She owned she had the sheets; she said the woman gave them to her to pawn.
Did she say that before the justice?
I don't know, she said so to me, it was in the justice's office.
Was Mary Hacket present?
I really cannot say.
I was in my own room; the woman brought me these things. I took her to be an honest woman. I pawned them for her and brought her the money.
