I live at Burnley in Lancashire.
Had you occasion at any time and when to remit any bills to London?
I had occasion to remit some the 25th of July last for Messrs. Hitchons and Wood, in Chandos-street; I endorsed those that were endorsible; I gave a frank directed to Messrs. Hitchons and Wood, London, to my clerk, and desired him to enclose the bills; there were sixteen of them, the\\ amountof the whole was 181 l. 8 s.
Look at that bill (the draft for 30 l.) and inform the Court and Jury whether that is one of the bills you gave to your clerk to be so forwarded?
It is; it is drawn by a Mr. Toper, payable to me.
Do you know Mr. Topper?
Yes, I saw him write this, and it is endorsed on the back by me.
You said there were fifteen other bills sent by the same mode of conveyance?
Yes.
Look over these sixteen bills, and see how many you can identify?
(Inspects them) Here are eleven I am certain to; the other four I believe to be the bills, but I cannot swear to them; they answer the descriptions in our bill-book.
How long was it before you found those bills had not arrived at your correspondent's in London?
It might be three weeks, or longer, before I received the letter.
You received no intelligence of it till three weeks or more; was not that an uncommon circumstance that you received no advice of them?
At that time I owed them a considerable sum of money, and I desired my clerk, when he sent those bills, to wr ite a letter to them, and enclose it under cover, desiring them not to give me advice of those bills till they received something further; and that was the reason why I did not expect advice by the regular course of the post.
I am clerk to Mr. Greenwood. On the 25th of July last he delivered me sixteen bills of exchange; I wrote a letter, and sealed them up in a frank, directed to Messrs. Hitchons and Wood, in Chandos-street; I put it into the post-office at Burnley on the same day.
I am post-master at Burnley.
What did you do with the letters put into your office on the 25th of July?
I sent them off in the usual course of business; they went to Bradford which is the next place where the bag is opened.
Your's is a bye post?
Yes, a sort of bye post which goes between Bradford and Preston.
I am post-master at Bradford.
Did you receive a bag of letters from Burnley on the 25th of July?
I did.
What became of them?
I forwarded them in the usual course of business.
Your mail I believe goes directly to London without being opened afterwards?
Yes. I opened the Burnley bag, and put the letters into the Bradford bag, among the Bradford letters , and then I charged myself with them.
I am a clerk at the Post-office in Lombard-street.
Whether the Bradford bag comes to the Post-office unopened?
It does; that is the course of business.
What time did the Bradford bag which was sent on the 25th, arrive in London?
On the 28th the letters were delivered out to be carried as directed.
You I believe belong to the General Post-office?
Yes, I am inspector of the letter-carriers.
Do you know the prisoner!
Yes.
What was his employ in July last?
A supernumerary letter-carrier.
Do you know how he was employed on the 28th of July?
He was employed as a letter-carrier.
Do you happen to know who was the person in whose stead he was employed?
During the absence of Thomas Williams . He was employed to carry the letters Williams should have carried if he had been on duty.
In what district?
Covent-garden.
Is Chandos-street within the bounds of his delivery?
It is.
How long had the prisoner been employed for Williams?
He was put upon that walk some time in June, and continued in that walk till the latter end of August.
You are in partnership with Mr. Wood in Chandos-street?
I am.
Did you receive on the 28th of July last any letter from Mr. Greenwood enclosing any bills?
I did not.
I am in partnership with Mr. Hitchons; I live in Chandos-street.
Did you receive a letter on the 28th of July from Mr. Greenwood, enclosing some bills?
I did not.
I am a sawyer , and live at the Bricklayer's Arms in Whitecross-street.
Do you know the prisoner?
I do.
Where did the prisoner live last July?
I cannot give any account. I was his landlord two years ago. I let him a one-pair-of-stairs room, No. 1, in Jerusalem-court, Clerkenwell, and a small cellar.
Is that on the right or left hand going into the house?
The cellar lies on the left hand going into the house.
Did you afterwards let to him a parlour?
Yes, last Michaelmas was a twelve-month.
Where was the parlour?
On the right hand going in.
Do you live in this house now?
No.
So you cannot tell what became of those apartments since you left the house?
No.
Did this man continue to be your tenant as long as you was the owner of the house?
Yes.
When did you quit it?
At Christmas last.
I live at No. 1, Jerusalem-court, Clerkenwell. The prisoner lived in the same house.
What apartments did he occupy in that house?
A parlour on the right-hand side and a cellar below.
I understand there are two cellars in the house?
Yes, there are.
Which did he occupy?
It is on the left-hand side as you go into the house, it is under the left-hand apartment.
Who occupied the other cellar?
I did.
There were but these two cellars in the house?
No, only those two.
Do you happen to know whether the other cellar you did not occupy was kept locked or not?
There was a lock on it, I cannot tell whether it was locked , I never had the curiosity to try; sometimes I have seen it open.
There are several lodgers in the house?
Yes.
You say the cellar is on the left-hand side, and that sometimes it is open, and sometimes locked?
Yes.
Then any body might have access to it at any time?
Yes. Our door is generally open from morning to night, and when it is not open, there is a string to it for any body to let themselves in, and so they might have a communication with the cellar.
I believe you are the owner of some houses in Jerusalem-court?
I am.
Who was tenant of this part of the premisses , No. 1, last Michaelmas?
Mr. Bishop, the prisoner at the bar, had an apartment on the right-hand, as you go in at the street door; and there are two cellars below; Miles had one; Bishop had the other. Bishop had the cellar under the left-hand apartment.
Had he that on the 26th of last September?
He had.
You do not know whether that cellar was generally kept locked or open?
I have both seen it locked and open.
I am clerk to Mr. Parkin, the sollicitor to the Post Office. On the 26th of September I went to the house, No. 1, Jerusalem-court, to search for bills and letters. In the parlour on the right-hand side was the prisoner's wife. He had given me a direction to his lodging, when he was first apprehended at the Post-Office. I took some of Sir John Fielding 's people with me; we did not find any thing in the parlour but a letter behind the drawers. Afterwards one of the constables found in a pocket of a coat which Bishop's wife said belonged to her husband, a key; he took the key and went down stairs to search below I did not go with him. He afterwards brought the bills up to me in the room.
I am a constable. I searched the prisoner's lodgings, at No. 1, Jerusalem-court; I found a key in a coat pocket which Mrs. Bishop said belonged to Mr. Bishop. She said it was the key of the cellar. She struck a light and went down with us into the cellar. The door had a padlock on it. I unlocked it with that key; she went into the cellar with a candle in her hand. Carpmeal took the candle from her; he found a box, which he broke open. He found a packet, containing a seal and two impressions in it , and a letter.
Among other things did you find any bills of Exchange?
Several.
Did you mark them at the time you found them?
I kept them in my custody till I arrived at the office , in Bow-street. Mr. Bond sealed them up directly before Justice Addington. They were sealed with my seal, and Mr. Hull's, and Mr. Addington's, I believe.
Did you see it afterwards opened?
Yes, a few days afterwards.
When you saw it opened did you find that your seal had not been broken before?
I did. I then marked them.
Are those the same you thus found?
Yes, they are; I marked them with my name; they are all the same.
Are these the bills you found in the box?
They were not found in the box, they were found between two boards which hung up with a rope at each end; it was a large board at the bottom and a small one at the top, and between those two boards these notes were found rolled up in a piece of blue paper.
Mr. Hull was above stairs waiting for you in the parlour?
He was. I went up and shewed them to him.
When they came up to you in the parlour they brought these bills?
They did. I looked them over and delivered them again to the constable; he produced them at Bow-street that night. Mr. Addington did not care to let me nor Mr. Todd have the bills; he said he thought it proper they should be sealed up, and delivered to some banker. There was no banker's open then, therefore it was that they were sealed with M'Manus's , Mr. Todd's, and Mr. Addington's seals; I put Mr. Todd's seal to it. The next morning they were shewn to Mr. Addington; he saw they had not been opened. The next morning Mr. Wright said he saw no objection to my having the bills; they were delivered to me and I marked them immediately (inspects them). These are the sixteen bills I marked.
What induced you to make enquiry concerning this cellar?
Finding the key in the coat pocket.
Who told you that key was the key of the cellar?
Mrs. Bishop.
She pointed out the cellar to you?
Yes.
And lighted a candle to light you down?
Yes.
When you had found these bills was there no intermediate time, in which you quitted the possession of the bills before they were sealed up?
I never quitted the possession of them. Mr. Hull looked them over in the parlour before my face.
I leave myself to the mercy of the court.
I am a broker and undertaker. I have known him about five years; he bears an universal good character. I have been in his company very frequently , and never saw any misbehaviour by him in my life.
He has a family I believe?
I do not know; I know he has a wife.
I am a carpenter. I have known Mr. Bishop three years and upwards; I never heard a bad character of him before this. He always has been a very honest man as far as ever I heard.
I am a bricklayer. I have known him four years; he worked with me two years, till he went away to this place; he was bred a bricklayer; I had not a man about me I liked so well; he gave universal satisfaction wherever he went; he was always considered as a very honest faithful man.
I am a box-maker. I have known him four years; he has borne a most undeniable good character.
I am a turner and glass-cutter. I have known him about a twelvemonth; he has borne an exceeding good character; I know nothing to the contrary, but that he was a very worthy honest man; I always considered him as such.
I have known him near two years; he has borne an extraordinary character; I had a very good opinion of him; I trusted him with 20 l. the very day he was taken up; my bricklayer died the day before. Thinking Bishop a good workman, and a man of good character, I sent to let him know the bricklayer was dead , and entrusted him with money to purchase his utensils.
I am a tailor. I have known the prisoner about four years; I never heard any thing but that he was a very honest worthy man; I have done business for him, he always paid me honestly, and he has done business for me; he has borne a very good character ever since I have known him.
I am a peruke-maker. I have known him about four years; he always bore an extraordinary honest character.
I am a baker. I have known Bishop seven years; he has borne a very upright character, for any thing I ever heard.
I am a stay-maker. He has borne an unimpeached character before this unhappy affair.
I have always known him to be a very hard-working man; he bears a very honest character.
I am a sawyer. I have known him two years; he has always had the character of a very honest upright man.
