I am carman to Mr. Rivers; I was driving a cart from Messrs. Townsend's to Mr. Rivers's house; I was loaded with cloths; I met the prisoner and three more, who were walking together under the Artillery-wall; just as I came by the Red Lion, at the corner of the fields, the prisoner said, Old fellow, will you be three farthings towards a pint of beer? I told them I had no money.
Did you know them before?
I don't know that I did. One of them said, Poor old fellow, give him a pint of beer; the prisoner said, I will give him a pint of beer, if he will drink it; I said I would, and thank him too, for I had not had a draught of beer that day; I said here is a public-house here, on the right hand, which is the Castle, if they would give it me here; they walked on, and took no notice of it; the prisoner kept close to me all the way, and the others kept company with me till I came to the King's Arms, which is at the top of the Tabernacle Walk; the prisoner went in there, and called for a pint of beer, and paid for it; I stopped my cart, and we drank the beer up; then they said, Will you have any more? I said, no; I would go home with my cart.
How near is the King's Arms to your master's house?
About 100 yards. I refused to have any more beer; the prisoner called for the beer, and paid for it; he stood within the house; there was another belonging to him stood at the door; he wanted to push me farther into the house; that made me suspect him; I went and stepped up into my cart; I saw this piece of cloth and another lying without any wrapper; I took hold of my horse's head, and led him along towards my master's; the cloth was all safe then; the prisoner followed me, and asked me for one George, a dyer, who he said was in the woollen way, and said he would be obliged to me if I could find him out; I suspected him then; I said, if I heard of him, I would let him know; I had not the presence of mind to turn my head round; this man followed to my master's door; he then said, God bless you, good-b'y'; when I got to my master's door, I looked at the end of the cart, and missed a piece of cloth; I called out, I have lost a piece of cloth; then I ran down to Tabernacle Walk; I saw one of them running with the cloth under his arm; the prisoner, I believe it was; I ran, and halloo'd out, Step thief! stop thief! one ran one way, and another the other; I could not tell which it was; when I took the prisoner, who was the hindermost, I knew him directly; the cloth was thrown down; I am certain this is the cloth; the other ran; I passed the prisoner; he said, it is in vain for you to run, for they have got a mile now: this was about six o'clock in the evening.
Was you sober?
Yes; I had tasted nothing but small beer all day, except that pint.
Does it often happen that perfect strangers meet you, and ask you to drink?
I never met with such a thing in my life before; but it being holiday time, I thought they were some young fellows going out, making an holiday; I had some jealous thoughts of them after I had the pint of beer.
I live in Tabernacle Walk. I was sitting drinking tea: I saw a man, with a piece of cloth under his arm, move quick; and he looked over his right shoulder, to see if any body was running after him; presently after, I heard Cannon say, Where shall I go to find my cloth? I told him what I had seen; and presently after, the prisoner was brought back; I believe he is the person I saw with the cloth, but I am not sure.
I am a taylor, and live in Tabernacle Walk. On Wednesday afternoon, the 18th, about six o'clock, I saw a piece of cloth, much resembling this, down by my window; a man in a brown coat and round hat picked it up: I live almost at the top of the walk, about twenty yards from Mrs. Milton's, and about 100 yards from Mr. Rivers's.
I am a packer. I was going to Mr. Rivers's on business; I saw Mr. Rivers's carter stop at the King's Arms, to drink with the prisoner at the bar: I went up to Mr. Rivers's about my business.
Did you see no person but the prisoner?
There were others; I did not take particular notice of them; I took notice of the prisoner, because he called for a pint of beer: when I came to Rivers's door, I saw Cannon draw up his cart; I went after him; I saw the prisoner taken, and saw the cloth on the ground, and I took it up; I did not see him drop it.
I am clerk to Messrs. Townshend and Co. Mr. Rivers is a cloth-worker. This is a piece of cloth sent up to Rivers's to be cleaned: on Wednesday the 17th of April, it was put into the cart, about a quarter after five: I know the cloth by the mark and number; the makers never put the same number on two pieces.
I leave my defence to my counsel. Gater said before the justice, it was a man in a light-coloured coat put the cloth under the window. - No; I described him to be in a dark-coloured coat and round hat; he took it from the window, and went away with it.
I am a saw-maker. I live in Barbican; I was in Tabernacle Walk this day week, about seven o'clock. I saw a man with a piece of cloth under his arm; he was about the prisoner's height, in a dark-coloured coat; he passed me; he had not got thirty yards past me, before there was an outcry of, Stop thief! I saw him drop the cloth by the Tabernacle Gates, and many people ran after him; I among the rest; we ran down Rus-in-urbe Gardens; we lost sight of him; I came back, and then they had got this man in custody.
Did you tell them that was the man?
Yes; I would have told justice Wilmot so, but he would hear nothing of it.
Did you know this man before?
No: I knew nothing of him before.
You never saw him before?
I have seen him go by the door.
Did you see the carman?
No; not till the man was taken.
Did you tell the carman then this was not the man?
No; not till I came to the justice's: they were all positive he was the man.
How came you not to tell the carman of it?
I did not see the carman; when I came back, they had him at the door, and went in; they would not let me into the house: when they came out, I went with them before the justice.
Did you swear there that he was not the man?
No: the justice would not hear any body that would speak for him.
I am a child's pump-maker. I live in Rus-in-urbe Gardens, Tabernacle Row. I was in Tabernacle Row the evening this fact was committed. I heard the cry of, Stop thief! I was playing at skittles: I ran out of the Barking Dogs; the prisoner was standing at the door; I saw this Cannon running as hard as he could, crying, Stop thief! he lost the man; he turned back, and said, Where is the man? and laid hold of this man, and said, He was one of them; a boy came up; he said, I have got one of them; the boy said, No; this is not one: he let him go, and went towards the Barking Dogs; then he took another thought, and went after him again, and took him.
I was sure of him; this man broke my hold of him at first.
It is no such thing.
Who is that boy?
A boy that ran after this man.
I live in Tabernacle Walk; I was opposite the Barking Dogs, up one pair of stairs, at work; I heard the cry of, Stop thief! I looked out of window, and saw the prisoner standing at the Barking Dogs door; they cried, Stop thief! and ran past the prisoner; he walked away, and they came back; they laid hold of him; and a boy came up and said, It was a stouter man that had the cloth; then they let him go; presently after, they ran after him, and took hold of him again; he had several opportunities of going away if he had pleased.
I was at work at my window; I heard the cry of, Stop thief! I looked out, and saw the prisoner running up the walk; several men ran after him; they got before him, turned back, and seeing nobody else, they laid hold of him, and brought him to the Barking Dogs door: the people in general said he was not the man; then they let him go, and presently after they went after him and took him again. The cloth lay beyond the place where I first saw the prisoner.
I saw the prisoner at the bar standing at the door, a minute or two before they called Stop thief, looking towards the Tabernacle, where the cloth lay.
Did you see the cloth before you heard the cry of Stop thief?
No.
I live opposite the Barking Dogs: I heard the cry of Stop thief! I locked out of the window, and saw the prisoner standing at the door of the Barking Dogs, twirling his stick round; I saw them run past him; I went down stairs; and when I came down, they had got hold of the prisoner; the people in general said that was not the man; they let him go; they soon after went after him, and took him again: I never saw the cloth till I saw it at Justice Wilmot's office.
