I am a shoe-maker. On the 5th of June, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I went into White's-alley, Rope-maker's-alley, Moorfields , in order to see the depredations which were then committing by a number of people. Soon after I had got to the place, I saw the prisoner pass by me, at the head of a number of people, who appeared to me to be very riotous. He had a long flat iron bar in his hand; it appeared to me to be the bar to an inside window. Upon his going by me, I said to several people round me, That young man, who is going at the head of that mob, was my foreman ; he is a Roman Catholick. The rest of the men had some of them sticks, or bludgeons, and things of that kind. I should suppose there were more than thirty of them. I did not follow them up the alley. Soon after (I suppose between five and six o'clock) he returned, in the same situation that I saw him go up.
Do you mean still as a leader?
Yes, in the same situation as before, he returned. I said to a gentleman, who will be called, If you will go with me down to the Romish priest's house, I will shew you a Roman Catholick AT WORK. I will call him by name, and challenge him with being one. The gentleman refused to go with me. Soon after the prisoner returned, upon his going by me, I said, Martin, have you turned your coat to pull down your own house? He said, No, he had not; or, No. He went away; I saw him no more till the Wednesday following.
In what condition was he then?
Very much burnt. I asked him how he came to be burnt? He said, He had been to Palace-Yard, and that from thence he went to Newgate, where he was burnt.
In what situation were his cloths and person, when he came down the alley again?
I did not take particular notice what situation his cloths were in.
You are certain as to his person, and that he was in the situation you have described?
I am sorry I cannot have a doubt. I think it my duty to mention to the Court, that the prisoner was a servant to me two years, and upwards; during that time, I can take upon me to say, that he was as faithful and honest a servant as any man ever had. I have trusted him with large sums. When I have been in the country, he has carried on an extensive business for me, and has always rendered me a fair and honest account. It is a great grief to me, that I have been obliged to give this account.
Between five and six o'clock on Monday afternoon, the 5th of June, I was near the end of White's-alley, Little Moorfields, where I saw the prisoner. I should not have paid particular attention to him, but from a conversation with Mr. Russell. I request to be informed, whether it is necessary to state the circumstance of that conversation, or only such parts of the prisoner's behaviour as I observed.
It is not necessary to state the conversation.
In consequence of the conversation between Mr. Russell and me, I observed the prisoner coming from White's-alley, as it were from the Popish chapel, which was then demolishing by the mob. Mr. Russell, alluding to him, said,
What kind of dust do you mean?
If I must mention the idea that struck me at the time, I took it to be the dust of a demolished building.
Were the mob making a great noise and a riot at that time?
They made a considerable noise; it was enough to make me conceive it a riotous one.
On Monday the 5th of June, between the hours of five and six in the afternoon, I was in White's-alley, Moorfields; I saw the prisoner pass by at the head of a mob; he seemed full of spirits; he had an iron bar in his hand like the bar of a window. His hat and clothes were covered with dust like that of mortar. What made me take particular notice of him was, Mr. Russell called to him, Martin, what have you turned your coat, to pull your own house down.
On the Monday I went out with a few friends; in the afternoon I was informed they had pulled down the chapel and house in Rope-maker's-alley, Moorfields. I got into Little Moorfields; when I had got there there was a young man who had something of a bar in his right-hand; he threw down the bar, and went into the house. I afterwards took the bar up and walked with it in my hand up to the ruins only to look on; I afterwards returned. Mr. Russel halloo'd out to me, Halloo, Martin, have you turned your coat, to pull your own house down? He delivered me up to the mercy of the mob; the mob took the bar away and were going to destroy me. I boarded at the same table with Mr. Russell; went to the same place of worship for three years during the time I served Mr. Russell. I have sufficient witnesses to my character.
