On the 23d of March between three and four in the afternoon, I lost my watch in Pancrass street, near Tottenham Court Road ; I was going along that street, and just in the middle at the gateway, I saw several people there, I came across the gate-way, and I was hustled; I had my hand upon my watch pocket the moment I came up to the crowd, and in going to get past this gate-way my arm was flung up in the jostling, and I missed my watch.
Was there any particular hustling of you?
I was hustled as the rest of the people were in getting past the gate-way.
Were you any otherwise hustled than in passing through that crowd?
My arms were thrown up upon other mens shoulders, I cleared myself from them and came back again; I did not pass them; I missed my watch that moment, and the other witness jumped from the wall and said, I will shew you the man that has picked your pocket; I went back with him, and there was one man with red hair, and the other witness told me that the prisoner had taken my watch and given it to the man with red hair; I followed the prisoner and caught him, and another man came up to me and separated the prisoner and me; I got two cuts and a blow across the shoulders; I then caught him and delivered him to the constable.
Have you got your watch again?
No. You know nothing of the prisoner only what the other man told you? - No, only by his hustling.
This was the day when the balloon was going off with Count Zambeconi?
Yes.
The gate-way you talk of was the gateway where the people were endeavouring to get in to see the balloon?
Yes.
Many hundreds and thousands were there?
A great many.
They wanted to pass through?
I did not see any person wanted to pass through; I was passing the gate-way.
They pushed you in the crowd, is that what you mean by hustling?
Yes, Sir.
Then you to be sure was hustled, and you hustled the next to you?
Yes.
How many hundred might be there about?
A great many.
Was you laid hold of by any body?
Not particularly.
Was you touched by any body?
It was a different hustle to passing in a crowd.
Was you any more shoved than other people?
I believe there were six or seven that were shoved and lost their watches in the same manner.
Did not you shove some body else?
No.
Were not there people before you and on each side of you?
Yes.
You could not get past the gate-way?
No.
Was not this man examined?
Yes.
Was not he searched?
Not till some time afterwards, and then only very slightly; he was just slightly stroked down.
Was any thing found upon him?
Nothing at all.
Did not this man desire to go with the constable?
Yes.
You do not mean to say this man struck you?
No.
This day fortnight, I and my shop-mate went to see the balloon go off; I got into a crowd, and they shoved to hard I was glad to get out again, and I got upon a wall that was in Pancrass street, Tottenham-Court-Road; I turned my head, and I saw the prisoner at the bar and and several more; a tall man in a red coat who is at the door now, I saw him several times attempt to rob people of their watches; they served several so; I had no such thoughts, they looked like gentlemen, but several said their watches were gone; this red headed man which is at the door came plump up against the prosecutor; and I understood the prosecutor had lost his watch.
Describe in what manner they came up against him?
The same as I may come up against another willfully.
Were they standing in the crowd?
Nobody could hardly stand there, but they certainly were in the crowd; the prosecutor came in and went in amongst them; and I saw this prisoner at the bar and the other that is outside the door come up from towards the fields, the lower part of Pancrass street; there was not any body near them for a foot or two; people might have stood very well if they had only been easy; I could discern so plain, that I saw the prisoner shove against the prosecutor, and other people where there was no occasion for it; I saw his hands round his waist; I did not see him take any thing; I jumped off the wall, and said to the prosecutor, are not you the man that is robbed? and he said yes; I said, come along with me and I will shew you the man that has robbed you, and then a man gave me a punch on the side of the lug; the other man was on the outside of the door when I came up I shewed him the red haired man first, and he was rescued away; then I shewed him this man, and he said, what me! and I said, aye you, directly.
What time did you shew him the man that had taken the watch?
I shewed him first the red haired man, and then this man.
Then you did not know at that time which of these men had taken the watch?
I did not, nor I cannot say now.
You did not tell Mr. Tubb which had taken the watch?
I said, I thought the red haired man had it.
Was any thing found upon him?
I was not present when he was searched.
Now, Master Goodman, pray who may you be?
I am a sawyer.
How long have you been a balloon hunter?
I saw the other, Mr. Lunardi's.
It is not the temper of an English mob to stand very quiet, they like to hustle, they wave to and fro, do not they, that is the way, is not it?
It is too much the way.
You was afraid?
I was not much afraid.
You did not feel yourself much at your ease?
No.
You was afraid they would take your watch perhaps?
No, I could not, I had no watch.
Then it was for the fun of the thing that they hustled you?
It was foolish fun too.
Why this wall was seven or eight feet high?
I was lifted up, they laid hold of my legs.
That is a sort of a horse, you are more used to, I take it for granted, than a fourlegged one?
No, I took notice of them I suppose for about half an hour.
I thought so?
You did not think any thing about it before.
I was there looking about the same as other people; I was thirty or forty yards from where this gate way is; there were a great crowd of people there, it was an open place where a number of people went; the rails were all pulled down by the mob; the witness came and laid hold of a man with a red head of hair; I stood still, and he came then, and said, that is one in boots, and laid fast hold of me; says the prosecutor, Sir, I believe you have my watch? Sir, says I, I have not; says the other witness he is one of them.
