I live in Hertfordshire; I was going home in a phaeton between six and seven o'clock in the evening of the 16th of September; it rained very hard and I stopped at Kilburn-wells for a quarter of an hour, then I went into my phaeton and went on; when I had got about half a mile from Kilburn-wells , two highwaymen came up on horse back; one came on one side my phaeton the other on the other; this was between six and seven o'clock.
Was it light?
It was; the prisoner is to the best of my knowledge the man who came on the left side of the carriage; I did not see the face of the other; I cannot be positive to the prisoner, but I believe him to be the man; the prisoner presented a pistol; he was not on the side I sat on, but on the side my servant Mary Thomas sat on, who was in the phaeton with me; the prisoner took my money, the other took my watch.
Had you any man servant attending you?
No man servant; they took from me a guinea and an half, and a gold watch; I begged for my watch, but the other man tucked it into his pocket; then they robbed my servant and rode off.
Did you make any observations upon the horses?
I did; I think the prisoner rode a good looking bay horse, white in his face, rather a low horse; the next morning I came to Sir John Fielding's office; there I described the men and the circumstances attending the robbery; in about a fortnight after I received a letter from Mr. Bond, in consequence of which I came up to town; I saw the prisoner who was in custody; I said I believed him to be the man; I was shewn another man first, but I knew nothing of him.
What was the ground of your suspicion?
His person and his voice.
How long time was the robbery in committing?
I believe between five and ten minutes, they were pretty quick; they swore at me and bid me make haste.
Was there much conversation passed?
yes; I said \"there is my money, but my watch \"I don't like to part with it for it is a family \"watch,\" I had been drinking a bottle of wine and was rather in spirits and I talked to them pretty boldly; the other man refused to return my watch.
Then the conversation was not so much with this man as the other?
The conversation was first with this man, with the other after; I never saw the other man's face; he kept his head at the side of the phaeton; the head of the carriage was up.
What was the conversation you had with the prisoner?
To give me time and I would give my money; they said come, come, make haste, don't prate; they talked in that stile; I have advertised my watch, but have never heard any thing of it since.
I am servant to Mr. Johnson; I was in the phaeton with him going to his house in Hertfordshire; the prisoner robbed me.
Are you certain he is the man?
I am positive; I saw him reach his hand over me and rob my master; the prisoner came to my side, the near side, and presented a pistol.
How long was the robbery in being committed?
Between five and ten minutes.
Did not an attack of that kind put you into confusion?
No; I was not so frightened at that time as I was afterwards.
Did you possess yourself so much as to be certain to the person of the prisoner when you only saw him for so small a space of time?
I had seen him on horseback in company with another at Kilburn-wells; we staid at Kilburn-wells between a quarter and half an hour; I got out of the carriage and went into the house; the prisoner was on horseback with another in company; they stood under the trees on account of the weather, as I thought, and I took particular notice of them: I was in a front room which looked towards those trees.
How came you to make particular observations of these people?
It rained prodigious hard, and I wondered they did not come into the house.
What was the colour of their horses?
Both of them were bay horses.
Did you observe any person besides the prisoner come up to the phaeton?
I only saw the prisoner, the other I did not see; the prisoner d - 'd me and told me not to hesitate, but deliver my money immediately. The purse belonged to a friend of mine; I begged of him not to take the purse; he d - 'd me and said don't ask; don't hesitate.
Did he hold any conversation with Mr. Johnson?
He desired him not to hesitate.
Are you very positive to the person of the prisoner?
I am; I saw both the pistol; the prisoner held his to my breast; the other pistol was held to my master's neck; I desired the prisoner to withdraw his pistol but he would not; he demanded my watch; I told him I was but a servant and had not got a watch; he felt about me but I had not one.
Have you any thing further to relate respecting the robbing of your master?
They demanded my master's watch; my master desiring to save his watch, said \"he had not got one.\" The prisoner repied I know you have a watch. My master had pulled his watch out at Kilburn-Wells. They insisted upon having it.
I know nothing about the affair; if I had been guilty of it I should have had no difficulty of confessing it, because there is another heavy affair against me.
