Last Monday night I went into the Angel and Sun a public house, to treat the prisoner and two other women with a glass of gin. I gave the landlady 1 s. it came to sixpence; the prisoner took the sixpence in change from the landlady. When I was coming out of doors the prisoner said I should give them a shilling to get oysters, or something of that sort. I told them I could not afford it. One made answer I should give them three pence. I said I had no halfpence, I could not afford it. They teazing me, I put my hand into my pocket to take the halfpence, and took out a guinea; and the prisoner took it out of my hand. I went to seek for a constable to take her up.
Did you try to get it again?
No; I went to get a constable. I found her again about two hours after and charged the watch with her.
Did the women run away?
No, they walked away together.
How long did you stay with them after she took the money?
I went away directly to get a constable.
What o'clock might this be?
About eight o'clock in the evening.
Where did you find her?
At the Angel and Sun.
Did you see her go into the house when you came away?
No.
What did she say when you charged the constable with her?
She denied having it, and we took her to the watch-house. I went with them.
What did she say there?
She denied it.
How much money had you in your pocket?
Near three pounds.
How long was you in the publick-house with them?
Not about five minutes.
Did you drink sixpenny worth of gin?
The liquor came to sixpence. I did not drink any. I do not know what liquor they had, they ordered it themselves.
What did they ask for?
I do not know whether it was rum, shrub, or what.
What are you?
A porter . I had been at a publick-house in Essex-street, to wait for a young man. He did not come.
What did you drink there?
Only a glass of gin.
What did you pay for it?
A penny only.
What other alehouse had you been in that day?
None.
Did you drink no other liquor that day?
Only what I drank at home, a pot or two of beer.
Was you sober?
Yes.
You said you did not know that you had any halfpence in your pocket?
Yes.
Had you your gold and silver and halfpence together when you paid the penny an hour before?
No, the penny was in another pocket.
On Monday night, going down the street, I met the prosecutor with a young woman. I asked him to give me something to drink. He said he was going farther down the street, and would as he came back. He met me as he came back with two other women; we took him into the Angel and Sun and he treated us with sixpenny-worth of liquor. We then asked him for a shilling to get something for supper? He said he had nothing but two-pence. I went about my business. About eleven o'clock, I went into the Angel and Sun, and the prosecutor was there at supper with three women. He charged the watch with me, and took me to the watch-house. He broke open the door and lay with me all night. He charged another woman with it, and she gave him eight shillings back.
Did you charge another woman with it?
No.
Did not you receive some of it back from another woman?
Yes, eight shillings from a woman who was with her.
Did you pass that very night with the prisoner?
No.
He did upon my honour.
Did you pass that night with the prisoner?
I did not break open the door.
I asked you whether you passed that night with the prisoner?
Some part of the night.
