I am a harness-maker , and live at Hammersmith . On the 9th of April my house was broke open, and I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) On Tuesday morning, when I came down, and went into the back shop, I found the back door open, which led to the garden; it had not been locked over night; the lock was faulty, and the door was only buttoned: we thought it safe, as there is a high wall round the garden.
Do you know whether it really was buttoned the night before?
I am not certain whether it was buttoned. I found a large willow stick there, as large as a broom-stick. Here is part of the blanketing, which was cut off by the person who stole the blanketing; he left this behind.
What was the worth of the several articles you lost?
The blanketing cost me 15 d 1/2 a yard; the smock frock was worth about 3 s. the coat was rather old, it might be worth 2 s. the waistcoat was almost new, it was certainly worth more than 7 s. I had the things cried; in consequence of which the things were found, in possession of Mr. Litchfield, upon the 11th. I saw the prisoner on the Wednesday, at Justice Hyde's in St. Martin's street: I understood he had been taken up upon suspicion.
I live with Mr. Litchfield, who keeps a a public-house. As I was going up to the lost, to get a bit of hay for the cow, the prisoner asked me if he should throw the cow down a bit; I said he might; he did throw some down. I went up into the lost about two hours after that, to throw some more hay down for the cow, and there I found these things (producing them) they were in a basket hid under the hay; I went and informed my master of it.
On what day was this?
I am not sure whether it was the Monday or Tuesday. The prisoner was not in the lost when I went the second time. The prisoner worked at the dung cart for my master two or three days; he used to go out with greens upon an ass, and he had a little cart and horse. He came into the house about eight o'clock; my master asked him how he came by these things; the prisoner said, he came honestly by them; my master said he did not think he did come honestly by them.
Where did the prisoner sleep at this time?
At my master's, in a back part of the house.
Was he at this time employed by your master?
Yes: with the dung cart.
I keep a public house at Hyde-park-corner. My boy, Francis, came and informed me that he had found some things hid in the hay-loft; I had them brought down and locked up; these are them. I suspected the prisoner; I sent for a constable, and desired him to wait till the person came in; I suspected the prisoner; he came in the afternoon; I called him aside, and told him I had found some things, which I believed belonged to him; he said, they did; I asked him how he came by them; I told him, if he would say where he bought them, I would send and enquire; and if he did not tell me, I would charge a constable with him: he would not tell me: I then charged the constable with him. In going to the round-house, he cried, and said something to the officer, but what I don't know. The next day, while he was in prison, I was informed these things had been cried: a man that lodges with me, informed them that I had the things in my possession: the prosecutor came; I shewed them to him, and he said they were his property. When we were before the justice, the prisoner told the justice, in my hearing, that he had sold the coat and waistcoat for 4 s.
I am cryer and bell-man at Hammersmith. I cried the things; a man came, and informed me where they were; I went with Mr. Hern to Mr. Litchfield's, where we saw the things; they answered the description given me in the paper.
I know nothing at all about the matter: several people lodge in the house besides me.
