I lost my mare, which is a bay one, with a white blaze in her forehead, and two white feet behind. I put her into Tothil-fields , to graze, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon of the 12th of December. I went to the field at eight o'clock in the evening. I found her there, grazing, and left her. I went at four o'clock in the morning, and could not find her. I sent to the Green-yards: I could get no intelligence till I came to Cow-cross the day following; then I found a person who saw her brought there, one Robert White .
Did you never see her again?
To the best of my knowledge, I never saw her again, except when she was dead, and skinned; but I could not swear to her then. There were two horses skinned.
Where is White?
He was before the grand jury: I cannot find him now.
I am sixteen years old. I saw the prisoner and John Dowgate together. The prisoner had the mare, and Dowgate had a horse.
Where did you see them?
At William Boswell's yard, in Sharp's-alley. It was on a Wednesday night, the 12th of September, as near as I can tell, about five weeks ago. They brought them there to sell. Boswell keeps a yard in Sharp's-alley, on purpose to kill horses.
How came you to know this mare?
I lived with one John Wincher , with whom the prosecutor swopt a large horse for this mare, and gave 2 s. I rode the mare several days before: it was a bay mare, with a white blaze in her forehead, and two white feet. When they brought her, she had no halter or bridle, but a garter tied in her mouth.
Did the mare look as well then as she did before?
Yes, every bit. It was sold to Boswell's nephew. He gave 24 s. for the two horses. I was playing with his boy. I live within a door or two of him.
To Houghton. When was it you lost this mare?
In December.
How long ago?
About five weeks.
Don't you know the months of the year?
No; I am no scholar: the more to my loss that I am no scholar.
The prosecutor offered to make it up, if my friends would give him 20 l. and he said, if they would not, he would hang me, if there was not another man in London. I know nothing of it.
To the Prosecutor. Did you know the prisoner before?
No.
