Your husband, I believe, keeps the Sugar-loaf, in Bell-yard?
Yes.
The prisoner lived as a servant with you?
Yes.
How did she behave in your service?
Exceedingly well.
When did you first perceive her to be with child?
I had suspicions, but never was sure.
When did she leave your service?
On the 23d of May.
Where did she go to?
To her mother's, I believe.
Where did her mother live?
I believe in White's-alley.
You are a midwife?
Yes. I was fetched on the 26th of May, about a quarter before eleven o'clock, by Mr. Wicks, the constable, who said I was wanted to a labour. When I came to White's-alley, I met the prisoner's mother coming out at the door. She turned back, and said the child was up three pair of stairs. I went up. There lay the child, dead, wrapped up in a dirty coarse apron. There was a mark under the throat, like two fingers and a thumb, and the thumb-nail had rather scratched it. I took it to the work-house. I did not see the mother till the afternoon. I washed it in the afternoon. I was fetched about five o'clock. There I saw the mother of it.
How did you know she was the mother of it?
I knew she was the mother of a child, that she had been lately delivered.
How do you know it was that child?
She acknowledged it. I asked her whether it was born alive. She said she would not say. I asked her if she had pinched it, in helping herself. She said she did not help herself at all.
Might this have happened in the delivering herself?
It might have happened in that way; that made me ask her that question.
I suppose she was just brought to the work-house?
Yes.
You are a surgeon, and live in Chancery-lane?
I am.
You saw this child afterwards?
I did.
You examined it, I suppose?
Yes.
Were there any marks of violence upon it?
There was the appearance of a bruise on the forehead, and on each side of the windpipe.
What do you think was the occasion of that child's death?
The naval string was torn off, at a few inches distance from the belly of the child; it seemed to be torn, and not cut.
Upon the oath you have taken, do you believe this child got her death by violence?
I am not clear in it. It might happen, if the mother was delivered on the vault, by the child's falling, the naval string might break. I examined the lungs of the child; it was plain, by the appearance of them, that the child had lived.
I don't understand that that is a certain sign of the child's having been born alive?
If there are no signs of putrefaction.
You will not take upon you to say that this child received its death by violence from any person?
No.
I have understood that that experiment upon the lungs has of late been held not to be conclusive: in one way, it has been held to be conclusive, if the lungs sink; but not to be conclusive, if they float: it is a common experiment, and, in that case, gives a degree of probability; if the lungs sink, it is conclusive?
Yes.
But I understand the floating of the lungs may be occasioned by other circumstances, than that of being inflated. The bruises upon the forehead, you say, might be occasioned by the fall?
Yes.
And the bruises upon the neck, you think, might be caused by the woman, in the agony of child-birth, endeavouring to free herself from the child?
Yes.
I did not know that I was so near my time, or I should not have gone to such a place; but I never intended to do the child any injury.
