I live in the parish of St. Mary-le-bon, near the end of Paddington street, I deal in starch and hair powder; I lost my black gelding to the year 1782, the prisoner had it of me; I had a farm at Northaw , and he had a country house there; he came to me and said, Mr. Tie, I should be obliged to you to lend me your little horse for my clerk to ride to town on, I will take care of it; accordingly I lent it him, and I never received the horse from him since, I have seen the horse since.
When did you see him again?
I suppose I might see him two or three times in the course of a month; it certainly was within the week, for he frequently used to come to my house almost every day when he was in the country.
Did you ask him for your horse?
I did, and he said he had not done with him, he would send him home; I said, very well, only take care of him; some time after that he absconded from the place, and there was a settlement of some money between us, he owed me some.
What did he abscond for?
I do not know, I suppose it was for debt; but just before he went away, I met a gentleman upon the horse, a person I had not lent the horse to by any means; I asked him how he came by the horse? his name is Edward Bates ; I told him it was my horse: he said that Mr. Sambridge had given him the horse; I said, I thought it was very odd he should give away my horse, I thought he used me very ill; I called or Mr. Bates, he said, he would satisfy me; I called, and there were two or three people that satisfied me the horse was given to Mr. Bates; I said, I will be obliged to you to keep this horse a little longer, till I see and settle with Mr. Sambridge, for at that time he had a cognovit against me; therefore I begged Mr. Bates to keep the horse a day or two; them Mr. Bates gave me the horse again; he run away, I found the horse shut up, and I never saw him till about three weeks ago, when I was at Mr. Brown's sale, in Hockley in the Hole, and I heard a man was stopped about a watch; they said it was a little man, an attorney, and his name was Sambridge; say I, then that is the man that stole my horse.
Did the Magistrate commit him?
No he did not inded; he was then in custody; I told the Magistrates, and they laid a detainer; I went to the Grand Jury, and told them the case, and one of the Magistrates drew up a bill, and I carried it in; and I told the Grand Jury, I hoped they would not do him any hurt; I only ay this, I never sold the horse to any man whatever.
He certainly ought to answer for the horse, you doubt.
I have the horse now, I never par with it.
Gentlemen of the Jury, if Mr. Tie had brought an action of trov against Mr. Sambridge, and this evidence had had been given, it would have been very good evidence for him to have recovered the horse.
I had the horse nine man hs close to Mr. Tie's house.
It would have been as honest of you to have returned it.
I lent the prosecutor twe nty guineas, and had only one guinea. this poney and one cow for my twenty guineas, I can have no interest now the Jury have acquitted me; I was detained in custody merely through Mr. Tie.
I hope your Lordship will grant us a copy of the indictment.
The prosecutor has mistaken his road; but I do not think he has done it through any thing like oppression.
My Lord, I can prove that, if it is necessary here.
I shall not grant a copy of the indictment.
