I am servant to Mr. Clark who keeps a pawnbroker's shop ; the prisoner usually came to our shop to pledge things; she came the 23d of December, between seven and eight in the morning, and pledged a child's shirt and cap for two-pence, she came again and pawned a cheque apron; she then robbed the shop of some things. Mr. Dinmore found them in her lodging.
Do you know of any thing that was lost?
Ye, the shop had been robbed several times, but we did not know who did it. She came a third time and pledged a gown; I suspected it was her who robbed the shop.
Did you miss any thing that day?
Yes, immediately after she went out the second time.
What did you miss?
I do not know what was missed; she took several things off the shelf.
Then you did not see her take any thing off the shelf?
No; the shelf was stripped of the things; I do not know what they were.
Was that shelf near where she was?
Yes, she stood in the box where the shelf was.
She came again a third time?
Yes, to pledge a gown; my mistress placed me behind some steps, at the end of the compter, while she went out, and I saw the prisoner get upon the compter two different times. She could not see me. She took some blue and white handkerchiefs the first time; the second time she took three stocks and a pair of sleeves; she then went out. My mistress immediately called her back, took her into the kitchen, and called one of the men; the man came in and saw her drop the blue and white handkerchief from under her arm; I saw her drop the stocks and sleeves; I took them up. My mistress sent for Dinmore, the constable.
On the 23d of December I was at work at Mrs. Clark's; she called me and said she had got a thief, and desired me to detain her. The prisoner tried to get by me two or three times; I desired her to let me look under her arm; she let me look under her right arm, but refused to let me look under her left. I gave her a chuck under the arm, and the handkerchief and some other things dropped from her; I do not know what they were, but the handkerchief I saw under her arm, and saw the other things drop, but I do not know where they dropped from. She went down upon her knees, and lifted up her hands, and called God to witness that she knew nothing of the matter.
I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; I saw her in the room; she wanted to go home; I asked her where her lodging was; she told me; I went to her lodging and saw two or three distressed children and a man lying ill; I said I was come for some things for their mother; they said their mother had not been at home a great while, perhaps they were at their sister's, two doors off; I went there and found these sleeves (producing them) rolled up in a basket; took them and shewed them to Mr. Clark; he said they were taken from his shop; I said to her, you have made some wild protestations of your innocence, what do you say to this now? She then confessed she took them in the morning, and she said that necessity drove her to it.
A person gave me the sleeves and stocks to wash for her. I went to Mr. Clark's to pawn a gown and picked up a handkerchief at the door as I went. I have large family in great distress.
