I am nephew to Mr. Norman the hatter, in Cannon-street. I had a packet from the bankers, Messrs. Fuller and Son, Lombard-street, there were in it ninety-five guineas and five shillings. They were packed up by my uncle.
How are you sure the packet contained guineas?
I cannot be sure, I think it did.
I am a hatter in Cannon-street. My nephew brought me some guineas and some silver, to the\\ amountof an hundred pounds, in November. I put them up in crown paper and directed them to John Morris and Company, at Manchester, to a manufactory I have there. I sent him with the parcel to the Axe-inn, Alderman-bury, and bid him bring a receipt for it, which he did. It was to go by the waggon. We pay five shillings for an hundred pounds. It was entered as money; it was packed in brown paper
Did you put any seal upon it?
No, I did not.
To Robert Norman . You have heard your uncle mention that packet of guineas?
Yes.
You received them from your uncle?
Yes. I carried them to the Axe-inn, Aldermanbury, and received a receipt for it.
Should you know the person you delivered it to if you saw him?
No; there are three several persons I have delivered things to.
You left the packet with the person acting as the book-keeper of Mr. Higginson?
Yes, I did.
I am book-keeper to Mr. Higginson at the Axe-inn, Aldermanbury.
Do you remember, on the 22d of November a person bringing you a brown paper parcel of money and entering it as an hundred pounds?
Yes, it was young Mr. Norman. I packed it up and put it into the waggon, to go to Manchester. The prisoner had the care of the waggon.
Did he know the money was there?
Not to my knowledge. The waggon set off about two or three in the afternoon. He was to go as far as Beover with it.
Do you know how long you received it before it was put into the waggon?
No, I do not.
I am the master of the waggon that goes from London to Manchester; I live at Beover. The waggon went out of town on the 22d of November; it arrived at Beover on the 30th, at about seven or eight o'clock in the morning. The goods we divided for the different distant places. There was a small parcel directed for John Morris and Co. Manchester. I put it into the hamper we put the small parcels in; I found it tied to another parcel; I pulled a knife out of my pocket and cut the string. When the waggon came to be loaded for Manchester, I gave it to Darlington, and bid him tie it to another parcel in the waggon and load it safe. I saw it fastened in the waggon before I went away; I went into the house when he tied it.
Did you see it packed in the Manchester waggon?
I did not, I went away as they began loading the waggon.
The waggon went from Beover in the morning to Manchester?
Yes, in the care of Richard Kinsey . He came into the yard and took the waggon out.
Before he took the care of the waggon it remained in the yard all night?
Yes. I did not know any thing was missing till Saturday the 2d of December, then I received a letter that the package was lost. I wrote a letter back by the post to my book-keeper at Manchester, that I hoped it was delivered by mistake, as it was tied to another parcel.
