I know nothing of the fact; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment.
There was about three quarters of a hundred weight of nails, in a bag, in a warehouse belonging to Mr. Jones opposite his house in Fleet-lane . On Friday afternoon I examined the bag, and found all the nails had been taken out but about eighteen pounds; I left the bag then and examined it again, and there were then but three pounds left. I placed Amos Adams , a boy, in the closet and bored a hole for him to see who took the things; the door was always left open in the day-time for the work-people to go in and out.
How old are you?
Turned of fourteen.
What did you see when you was put into the closet?
It was between nine and ten o'clock when I went up to the closet; at about ten o'clock the prisoner came into the room where I was.
Was he alone?
Yes; I saw him pull some things about and take some tiles and put eight or ten into his pocket.
Did he do any thing to the bag of nails?
I heard him shake the bag of nails, but I did not see him take any thing out; he took his pail and went up stairs; I went down stairs and told my young master of it.
What business had he up stairs?
He was white-washing the staircase.
Was he taken up when you made this discovery?
No.
When we found the things were missing, as I understood that the prisoner lived out of the city, I applied to Justice Blackborough for a warrant; I found some stamped tin which belongs to me, in the prisoner's lodging.
I am a constable. I went with the warrant, and searched two houses of the prisoner's and found three pieces of tin plates, which Mr. Jones says are his, that is all I found in both houses.
Did you take the prisoner up?
No, he was taken up before.
I was not at home at the time; he was kept in custody, till I came home, and a constable sent for.
Was he searched?
No.
How comes the door of this warehouse to be open in the day time?
It is opposite to my house; it is left open for the work-people, and our people, to go in and out.
I was employed by a gentleman to whitewash the house. There was a place where Mr. Jones put his lumbering things; I could not do it without removing some of Mr. Jones's things, such as chairs and other brokery things. Mr. Jones came and said I had taken some things; I said I had not; that if they had lost any thing I was sorry, I knew nothing of it. I moved the things as carefully as I could. As to the pieces of tin we swept them out; I took them up to be sure afterwards, I thought they were pieces of waste tin; I might move the tiles out of the way; I do not recollect it.
What is the value of these pieces of tin?
Little or nothing; I have valued the three pieces at three-pence.
I have known the prisoner between two and three years; he worked for me in all parts of the town; I never heard any harm of him. I have employed him in noblemen's house; I never heard any thing against him.
I have known the the prisoner about a year and a quarter; he rents a house of me now. I have employed him and recommended him. I always found him very honest; he is a poor man but a very honest man.
I have known the prisoner between two and three years; he has a very honest and just character; he always behaved very upright and just.
I have known the prisoner between seven and eight years; he has done a great deal of work for me; I never heard any thing dishonest of him before.
