I am servant to Mrs. Combrune, who lives at Hackney ; her house joins to the Church-field, the garden gate opens into the field; on the 14th of March last I was the last person that went to bed; the house was quite secure, every part of it; every fastening was quite safe; the next morning the sash was open, and the lower part of the inside shutter was wrenched off; that was the back-parlour, adjoining to the garden; the garden gate was open; there were two locks to the parlour doors, and the box of these locks was wrenched off.
What property was taken?
Three teaspoons, two salt-spoons, and some castor tops.
Where were they the over night?
In the parlour.
What was in the parlour?
The two tea-spoons, and the castor tops; the two salt-spoons, and the other spoon, were in the kitchen; he lock of the garden gate was rather damaged; the window of the garden door was damaged.
How do you know you was the last person up?
Because I saw all the rest gone to bed.
On the 15th of March, about half past five, within a minute under or over, I set out to go to work at Dalston, from Mourning-lane, Hackney, about 100 yards from the watch-box, may be 200 yards from Church-field; when I came to the watchman I asked him what was the reason he was not off his duty, as it was past five? he said he had orders to stay there till six; I fell into discourse with him, and five men came on; I said, these are the men; I went and leaned against a post; it was half past five; it was light enough to see to do any thing; light enough to discern any person's face, so as to know them again, having some suspicion that these were the men; the five men past me; they were coming from toward the place where the robbery was committed, from Mourning-lane; then we pursued them.
Did you know the prisoner?
I had no knowledge of any of the men but Wilson; I do not know this prisoner; we pursued them from Hackney to Kingsland, Newington Green, Cannonbury House, Islington, City Gardens, and into Goswel-street, and there we took Wilson in a public-house near that spot.
You say they were coming from towards the house that was broke open?
Yes.
There were several roads; the road they came led to other places besides the house that was broke open?
Yes.
To many others?
Yes.
I am a watchman; I pursued the five men from Mourning lane; I have no knowledge of the prisoner.
I am headborough of Saint Luke's; this young man is one of the four that passed me in Brick-lane.
What four?
This young man and three more, between six and seven in the morning; I was in Brick-lane, just by Old-street, four men passed me; they were in a very desperate condition; they came from towards Islington; I looked at them very hard.
That leads from many other places besides Islington?
I saw four men running and walking as fast as they could; I did not see any person pursuing them; I took them to be thief-takers, made me take more notice of them; there were Thompson, Wilson, and Collins, and the prisoner is the fourth; I am sure he was in company with Wilson and Thompson; I was not much further than I am from you; I am positive he was one; they were very dirty, and in a great muck of sweat; they struck into Goswell-street; I pursued them to where I heard the cry of stop thief; I pursued them as far as Charter-house Square; then Wilson and Thompson were stopped; when I came up, I took them into custody; I took them to the Cart and Horses; they swore they would not walk, but would have a coach; I said they should.
They were walking very fast when you saw them first?
They were.
I suppose if they had not been coming from Islington, if they had walked as fast, they would have been in a sweat.
Certainly; I never saw Stewart before that moment.
I followed four of the five men from Hackney; I lost one of them in Mr. Scott's fields, in Hoxton; they came through Kingsland; I believe Washbrook, Frost, and Wilton were with me; I cannot speak to the prisoner; I saw much such a man as him come out of Mourning-lane.
You have seen a great many men of the prisoner's size?
Yes.
. Which way did these men that you and the watchmen followed go?
They went to Kingsland, to Newington Green, to Canonbury House, to Islington, the City Gardens, and from there to Goswell-street.
Did you lose sight of them?
Yes, several times; I took Collins at last in a public-house; they tell me it was Goswell-street; we followed all five till we came to Kingsland, within one hundred yards of the town; there we got information of four; we lost one before we came to Kingsland.
I followed them from Hackney; I lost one in Mr. Scott's brick-field; we pursued the other four into London; two of them were taken coming into Sutton-street; that was Wilson and Robinson; I do not know any one of them.
I am gardener to Mrs. Waller, and our garden comes into Colebrook Row, and I was standing at the garden gate, waiting for my mistress to let me in; it was about six, four men passed me; I looked at them, but said nothing to them; presently comes Frost, and he cried out stop thief; I asked him to go with me; he said, I have run till I can run no longer; so I followed them myself across the fields to the City Gardens; when I got to the City Gardens, they were at the bottom of the passage; then they came to the turnpike, and there I called out stop thief; I pursued them; I had them but very little time out of my sight all the time I was after them, I suppose about a minute and a half; I never lost sight of them from the bottom of Colebrook-row to the end of Brick-lane; one of the men took to Old-street; when they came to the end, I followed them; there were very few people in the street; when I came to the bottom I called out stop thief, and somebody else called stop thief as well as me; I ran up to the top of the lane, and lost sight of them about a minute; then somebody laid hold of Thompson; I stood by him while the man took a pistol out of his pocket, Wilson was stopped by somebody; he was delivered into my hands; I directly searched him, and took this wrench and an iron crow, and a center-bit out of his pocket; there were three men running together at the time, but the men went round the Charter house garden wall; I went up after Thompson; the prisoner was in another coat; when I pursued him he was lower than the rest.
Was he one of them?
I cannot positively swear to his side face; but he was lower than the rest, and in a different coloured coat.
I am a watch-case maker; I live in Cross-street, Sutton-street; on the fifteenth of March, about a quarter after six in the morning, I heard the cry of stop thief; I was just gone into my shop, which was in my garden, and two men run by, seemingly very much fatigued; one had on a light coloured great-coat, and the other a blue one; I was afraid to follow them; the first of the two men I saw put his hand into his side pocket, and twice or three times throw some things over the charter-house wall; I did not see what it was; I said on Friday, I rather thought it was something of plate.
Did you know who that man was?
It was not Wilson; I really believe it was the prisoner, but he had not on that coat, he had on a drab-coloured coat; I picked him out at Justice Blackborow's from a number, I suppose there were fifteen or sixteen; I said, if that was the man he had not on the same coat.
You never saw the prisoner at the bar before?
Never, to my knowledge.
I suppose you know very well, that that man stands there for his life?
Yes; he was rather a short man.
There are many men of the same size.
I never saw him again till I saw him at the Justice's.
You say you was too far distant to see what was thrown over?
I mentioned to my patrol, and said I believed it to be plate; it was the glittering made me believe it was plate; I gave information at the time they were taken to my patrol; I told him to look into the Charter-house Garden; the things were found the next day in the Charter-house Garden; I saw the prisoner at Mr. Blackborow's, I went there to see whether it was him.
Who took you there to see him?
I had orders from that gentleman that stands there.
Who shewed the man to you?
The prisoner stood at what I suppose they call the bar; it struck me that I knew him; I hesitated in my mind.
I am a gardener belonging to the Charter-house; I found three castor-tops, and a pair of salt-spoons, and two tea-spoons, in the lower part of the garden, towards Saint John-street, near the back wall, near Wilderness-row.
That is within a yard or two where I saw the man throw over the things.
I am clerk to Mr. Blackborow; here are three tops of castors, two tea-spoons, and two salt-spoons, what I had from Weedon.
I have a drab coat here; I cannot say I found it in the room of the prisoner; I knew the prisoner lived there, by a private information; we apprehended him last Friday morning in bed, in Union-street; that was where the coat was found, on the same floor with the other; it is a common lodging-house, I believe; at the time we apprehended him, he asked who sent us to him; I told him that was a question I could not answer him; he said, it was my business to keep out of the way; I do not blame you for taking me.
Then, if I understand you right, you had been at two places after this man at the bar?
Yes.
And you was told he lived there?
Yes.
And you found a drab-coloured coat in the next room to where he was?
Yes.
This is like the coat.
I live in Goswell-street; the prisoner and some other person took some apartments of me; nobody lived in my house at that time.
Did the prisoner live there?
They took some apartments; the prisoner and another person one Frost, and two women.
Who lived with them then?
Two ladies that used to lodge in my house; it was an empty house; I have several houses that I used to let out in apartments.
Who lodged in your house besides this man and Frost?
I never let any other apartments to any other men but them; the prisoner was never in my house afterwards; they left it some time in March, about the time; I do not know where they went to; I never was here before; the gentleman's name at the bar is Stewart; they were recommended to me as smuglers.
I went with a direction from the magistrates to the house of Mrs. Combrune at Hackney, and I tried this iron crow to the places which had been wrenched; this was found on Wilson; every part of the door that had been forced, the large part of the crow fitted; I applied it to the part that had been forced of the window of the garden; I found that fitted likewise; in the parlour there was a brass lock, the box of which had been forced off, and left a large impression; the small end of this crow exactly fitted that; I apprehended the prisoner on Friday morning last, over the water; he said it was his business to get out of the way, and ours to take him; I was present at the Justice's, when Mr. Neave picked him out from all the rest.
Was there any thing that could distinguish him from all the rest?
Nothing at all.
What are you, Sir?
I am a constable of Clerkenwell.
He had nothing on to distinguish him from other persons?
No, he was set at the bar.
I know the spoons; one of them is marked.
Do you know the spoons otherwise than by the letter upon them?
One has no letter.
Do you know them by any thing but by their general appearance?
I think they are mine.
That gentleman swore that he picked me out from every body else; I was standing by myself.
