I lived at Mr. Darby's, in Moorfields ; I went out on the 25th of October, I returned about 11 o'clock; then Mr. Darby told me the house had been broke open. I found the things mentioned in the indictment, were taken out of my portmanteau which was in my bed-room when I went out, which was at about 12 o'clock. To the best of my remembrance the portmanteau was locked, but I am not certain; when I came home, I found it open, and most of the things taken out; there was an advertisement from the office in Bow-street, that such things were found; I think it was three days after I was robbed. I went to the office in Bow-street; there I saw the things I had lost (repeating them) as set forth in the indictment.
I am an officer belonging to the office in Bow-street. We had an information of the prisoner's lodging in King's-head-court, Shoe-Lane; we went there on Thursday, the 26th of October, about seven in the morning; we knocked at the door; the door was not opened to us, so I got down the cellar window, and got into the house, and then opened the door and let the other officers in. I went up into the one-pair-of-stairs room; there I found the prisoner in bed with his wife; we went up into the garret, and found the things Mr. Darby and Mr. Flight lost, tied up in a bundle, and there was a cutlass lying by it: there was another man in bed in the same room with Bagnall. I saw a counterpane hanging on the line; I asked who it belonged to; Bagnall said it was his; the garret was not inhabited, nor was there any person else in the house. We took the prisoner and the things to the office; there were no owners, till they were advertised there; Mr. Flight and Mr. Darby came and owned the things, excepting one of the counterpanes, that respects another fact.
This man you found in the same room, was known?
Yes; he was tried here.
Are you sure then they were in the place where he lodged?
No; there was no bed in the garret.
On the 25th of October last, in the evening, a little before 9 o'clock, I was alarmed by a knocking at the door; the people said they saw two men get out of our window; we immediately went up stairs; and found the chamber door and dining-room door both locked; there were several neighbours about the house went to the watch-house, and got two watchmen, and they got in at the window and opened the doors; I went into the room; the first thing I missed was a white cotton counterpane off the bed in the chamber; the maid, who was with me, said she missed a light-coloured coat and dimity waistcoat, of Mr. Flight's, that hung over a chair just by the door; I immediately went to the drawers to see if they were locked; they were all safe; I went to Mr. Flight's portmanteau, and found it was emptied; we searched the house to see if any person was concealed, but found none. Two or three days after, the things were advertised, some of them with Mr. Flight's name at full length; we went up to Bow-street, and I saw the counterpane, and knew it to be mine: the room-doors were open about half an hour before, for one of the servants was in the room at that time.
I keep a public-house in King-street, Moorfields. I was going by Mr. Darby's with a pot of beer, a little before nine o'clock; I saw a person standing on the pallisades, and another upon the pent-house over the door; the one-pair-of-stairs window was thrown up, and the man on the pent-house came on to the man's shoulder on the pallisades, and off his shoulder on to the stones, and walked off; I knocked at Mr. Darby's door, and told them of it: I set the pot of beer down, and ran half way down the street after them, but they got off.
You did not know the men?
No; it was quite dark.
I am entirely innocent of what I am accused of; I was at home at my own house, all the evening Mr. Darby was robbed, with my wife; and, being so near a relation, I did not think it would be of any use to trouble the court with her: I let the garret to Edward Noon ; he was tried for this, and convicted; I did not know what way of life he followed; I am entirely innocent; I hope you will be convinced I am not guilty of it.
You mentioned in your evidence, that you went out about twelve o'clock. Do you remember whether the window was open or shut?
To the best of my remembrance it was shut; I am pretty certain it was.
Do you remember waiting for the hairdresser?
Yes; and had the window open.
I am servant to Mr. Darby; I went into the room between four and five in the afternoon; the window was wide open then; I I pulled it down, because the wind was so high.
Did you pull it quite down?
To the best of my remembrance I did.
You was examined upon this matter before; do you remember what you then said about the window?
Yes; I said I pulled it down.
You said you was not quite certain whether you pulled it quite down?
I am not certain whether I pulled it quite down.
Was you in that room again that night?
I was in the bed-chamber about eight o'clock that night.
