I am a weaver by trade, but follow the news business besides. I gave my son last Monday morning nine pounds within two shillings.
He will give an account of the loss of the money?
Yes.
I went to the publishing office of the Public Ledger in Paternoster row about ten minutes before five in the morning. I had nine pounds within a shilling or two in a bag. I paid for the papers I had out of the bag and rolled the bag up and left it on the place where they give out the papers; it is in the entry.
How do you know you left it on that board; you did not intend to leave it there?
No. I did it through mistake.
How do you know you left it on the board?
I remember putting it on the board while I took the papers; I left the bag on the board and went about a hundred or a hundred and fifty yards and then' bethought myself where I had left it.
Did you feel in your pocket?
I felt on the outside but I recollected I had left it on the board. I went back and asked the publisher if he had seen any thing of it. He said no; but that the next man who came, after I was gone, was Alexander Macpherson .
You did not know that yourself?
No.
Did you see the prisoner there at all?
No. I did not see the prisoner.
Was there no-body attending at the place for the papers but you at the time?
No; there was one man went away before me; there were two of us there together; but he was served and went away before I took my money out.
Is there any yard to this place?
It is in the yard; there is no other house in the place.
Did you see any body in the yard when you was coming away?
No: no-body at all.
Was the bag ever found again?
I found it in the prisoner's pocket at another office. When the publisher told me he was the person which came next after me, I went to the Daily Advertiser and there I found the prisoner; he gave me leave to search him; and I found the bag in his left hand coat pocket; there was no money in it.
Was the bag you found in the prisoner's pocket, the bag you carried your money in?
Yes. (The bag was produced by the constable). That is my bag; there was a hole in it; and I got a needle and thread and mended it myself.
Are you sure that is your bag?
Yes; the money that is in it was found upon the prisoner.
I am a constable. I was sent for to the Green Dragon to take charge of the prisoner. I searched him, after a deal of trouble, and found the bag in his pocket, he was very turbulent. He said; he would not be searched, and that if any body searched him he would swear a robbery against them. I got three or four men to hold him, and then I searched him by force; he had the bag in his hand in his pocket. I wrenched it out of his hand. I have had it in my possession ever since.
Was any thing in the bag then?
Nothing at all; when I had got the bag, he laid himself almost on the ground and would not submit to be searched any further; the room was full of news-people. I thought, if I took him to the Compter he would be more submissive. I took him and searched him, and found two guineas and a half in gold, and about forty shillings in silver, and a quantity of half-pence, upon him; when I turned the money out, Farmer, the father, pitched upon one sixpence, which he said he could swear to.
When I took the bag out of his pocket he asked to look at it, and snatched it out of my hand and said, he had it before; that it was his. When I knew he had the bag I would not leave him; I followed him as far as the Green Dragon in Fleet-street, before I could get a constable.
How far is the office, where you left the bag, from the office where you found the prisoner?
The one is in Paternoster-row, the other opposite St. Dunstan's church, Fleet-street.
Did you go directly to the other office when you missed the money?
Yes.
After you found he had got the bag was he ever out of your sight?
No, never till I got a constable.
What was the\\ amountof your money in the bag?
Seven guineas, two half-guineas, and about ten or eleven shillings. The prisoner owned before Mr. Alderman Wooldridge at Guildhall, that he had paid away six guineas to a man in the time I was pursuing him from one office to the other; and that the man was gone into the country.
What money did you give to your young man when you sent him out that morning?
Nine pounds within two or three shillings; I saw him put it in the bag.
Do you know the bag?
Yes; he told me his sister was not in the way on Sunday, and that he mended it himself.
What pieces did the money consist of?
Seven guineas, two half-guineas, and ten or eleven shillings.
You could not know any part of the money?
No; only one sixpence which was very black. I took it of a gentleman for a book. I disputed it. He said it was a very good one, it had only been among some gunpowder. I rubbed it in some sand, and saw it was silver.
Is there any thing you could know that sixpence by?
Its being black.
It does not appear to be blacker than any other?
It may be wore off a little.
Nothing else?
There was a scratch or a crack upon it. I was present at the prisoner's examination; he owned before Mr. Alderman Wooldridge that he had paid away six guineas to a man, who, he said, was gone into the country.
Where did he say he got the bag?
At this office.
Did he acknowledge taking the bag?
Yes.
What words did he use?
He owned having the bag and the money; he was asked what he had done with the money? He, said he had paid away six guineas of it.
Was you present at his examination?
Yes. He said he found the bag at the door. The alderman interrogated him; he then denied it. The alderman asked if there was any money in it? He acknowledged that the money was in it; that he paid away six guineas to a man who was gone into the country. The alderman asked what the man's name was? He said, it was no matter what his name was, he was gone into the country. The alderman insisted upon his telling him his name, he then said, he did not know his name himself.
I found the bag at the door, where we take the Public Ledger, with the money in it. I paid away six guineas of it; I did not know that it belonged to Farmer.
