I am apprentice to the prisoner, who was a hatter , at No. 302. in the Strand : I am eighteen years old, and have been apprentice to the prisoner since last March. My master's family consisted of himself, one Ann Crawford , an old woman who was housekeeper, and me: my master and I slept together, and the housekeeper in the garret; the two pair of stairs fore room had been let out to a lodger, but the lodger was gone away; Mrs. Stracey lodged in the first floor, but she was not there at that time, she was out of town. My master came home about eleven o'clock on Tuesday the 9th of this month; Ann Crawford was then gone to bed. I let my master in then: I had shut up the shop that night at about eight o'clock; there are inside shutters to the counters; the shutters were all done up in the windows; there were shelves to put the hats upon; we kept in the window hats loose and in boxes, and there were hat boxes about under the counters: it is a very small shop. My master went out about eleven in the morning, and had not been home all day; upon my letting him in at eleven o'clock, we went up to bed. My master went down into the kitchen, but came up after me immediately; he undressed himself, and got into bed; I was undressing myself. I heard a kind of cracking noise; I said, Here is our old man a coming, (for we had frequently heard a noise before, and we had been used to say, the house was haunted;) I heard it more and more: my master said, Put out the candle; he was got into bed; I said, God! here it is coming, (for it seemed nearer, as if it was coming up stairs;) then I jumped upon the bed; I was frightened, and meant to get my breeches off as fast as I could, to go into bed with my stockings on. As soon as I got my breeches off, and was going to put them under the bed, I heard a knock very hard against the street door; my master jumped out of bed, and took the candle up, and cried out, I am ruined! I am ruined! he said that before he went out of the room, and at that time he could not see the light of the fire; but there was a great noise in the street, and I had not heard at that time the cry of fire: he took the candle, ran up stairs, and cried out, Fire! Fire! and called out to Mrs. Crawford. Our chamber door was, I believe, shut; my master had shut it after him; I had not perceived any smoke, but directly as the room door was opened there was a smoke almost enough to strangle one: I got out of a back window, and made my escape from the fire. I gave an account to Mr. Saunderson, a neighbour, when we were going to be examined, at the White Hart; he seemed very angry with my master: my master said to me, Sure you have not been saying any thing to Mr. Saunderson? I said I have told him you had been down to wash your hands. My master said, Why did you say so? Why did not you say that we both went up to bed together?
The calculation of the value of stock and goods was about 100 l.
Had there been any material alteration either in the quantity of houshold goods, or of the stock, since you have been in the house? or have they remained nearly the same?
There were, I believe, more hats in the house at the time of the fire than there had been for a great while before.
I am servant to the prisoner. The apprentice shut up shop, and went out at eight o'clock. My master came home afterwards, to some of his company who were waiting for him; he supped, and went out. Claxton came in at eleven o'clock; I went to bed, and left him to sit up for his master. When I let Claxton in, every thing appeared safe in the shop. I had not got into bed when I heard my master come home; I got into bed, and put out my candle: in a quarter of an hour's time my master burst open the door, took hold of me, and helped me out of the window. I left the house in nothing but my shift and cap.
I am a peruke-maker: I used to dress the prisoner: on the Thursday following after the fire he came into my shop; I asked him if he could account how the fire first happened? He said, he knew no more than the child unborn. I asked him in what part of the house the fire broke out? he said, in the shop. I asked him who was the person last up in the family? he said, the Old Woman. I had not any suspicion that the fire was occasioned otherwise than by accident. I saw Mr. Ballard go voluntarily to Litchfield-street, to surrender himself up to the magistrates.
On the Thursday subsequent to the fire, I heard the prisoner, at Mr. Talboys', give an account of the fire: he said he returned home about eleven o'clock; that he and his apprentice went up stairs to bed; that after they had been some little time in the room they heard a cracking noise, which was immediately succeeded by an alarm of fire, upon which they both left the room, and went up to the Old Woman, whom they called, and all three together made their escape over the tops of the houses. Mr. Talboys asked him who was the last person left up in the house? and he said the Old Woman.
About half after eleven o'clock I came through between the New Church and Holywell-street to the Talbot Inn; some little matter of curiosity attracted me; I went down a passage about seven or eight yards. I passed the house of Mr. Ballard; I then saw nothing of the kind. I staid in the passage about three or four minutes; then I heard a girl squall. I ran out; before I had well got to the top of the passage a watchman swung his rattle; that was repeated by several more, and before I had well got across the way five or six people were at the door. There was an amazing cry of fire before there was any pummelling at the door. The watchmen came up, and with their staves beat at the door, and some women with their pattens, and there was a very great cry of fire. I stood rather within the middle of the road. The fire was in the left-hand side of the shop: it appeared to me just as I came, which was momentarily from the first cry, as if it was the light of a strong candle; and it seemed to be very near the wall, because the smoak in particular I saw at the top of the cieling, before I saw the flames come; it encreased in a most amazing manner in half a minute; the smoke seemed to bear very strong towards the door. There were, I think, holes in the shutters, and a light over the door. When they broke open the window shutters, the first burst of the flames reached as high, I believe, as the two pair of stairs window: just at that time I saw two or three people come out of the garret window, in their shirts or shifts, and go over the houses: it then wanted about twenty minutes of twelve. It was not above two minutes and a half from the time of first seeing the light till I saw the people come out of the window. I was yesterday in conversation with Claxton, at the Swan with two Necks, St. John's street; he told me there, that he believed his master was innocent.
I am a coachman. I was driving a gentleman and lady along the Strand. I saw this fire break out: at first a large smoke came from the left-hand shop window. I stopped. The gentleman jumped out of the coach. The flame came from the sash window to the top of the light over the door. The gentleman and I alarmed the house.
