I am a watch-maker . On the 25th of July, about a quarter after seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner and another person came together into my shop; the other person cheapened some trinkets, and bought one; the prisoner sat down upon the seat where I generally work; he bought a trinket, which the other paid for; after that he asked the other to cheapen some chains for him; then a third person came in, who had been standing outside the shop at the window; he cheapened a seal but did not buy it; he went out; the prisoner and the other person directly followed him. I missed the two watches immediately; I followed them, and took the prisoners within ten or fifteen yards of my door. As soon as I collared the prisoner, I perceived the person who came in last began to run; I secured the prisoner, but he had not my watch upon him.
I am a smith. I saw the prisoner take a watch out of the watchmaker's window, and put it into his waistcoat pocket. I was sitting in the window of a publick house opposite. He went out of the shop and gave it to one of his companions in a handkerchief; the man who received the watch ran off immediately; I ran after him, but the pavement being up I fell, and he got out of my sight before I could recover myself.
Where did the prisoner stand at that time?
By the side of the prosecutor. The shop window was open; I saw them through the window.
What sort of watch was it?
A yellow watch.
I am a hatter and hosier. I was passing by Mr. Lambert's shop at the same time and saw the prisoner give something in a handkerchief to another man, but what it was I do not know. Then I saw Mr. Lambert come out and catch hold of the prisoner.
I went into this shop and bought a trinket. When I got about twenty yards from the shop the prosecutor came after me and desired me to come back; I said I would. He said he had lost two watches. I had not any. He went after the other persons, but could not catch them, so he kept me.
To the prosecutor. What is the value of the watches?
The gilt one I was to have had four guineas for the next morning; I would not have sold the other under two guineas.
