On the 18th of March, between eight and nine in the evening, I was robbed in Sadler's Wells fields close by Sadler's Wells, I was alone, and two men came up to me, the first expression was, damn it, it is a barber; they catched hold of my collar, that was one that is not taken, I asked him what he meant by that, and was going to give him a push from me, with that he drew a cutlass from under his coat, and swore if I made any resistance he would cut me down, after that the prisoner came along side of me, and put his hand to my breeches pocket and said, damn you, have you got any chink, he put his hand in my pocket, and took out eight shillings and six-pence, then he felt for my watch, and took that out likewise, then he felt in my fob again, and there was nothing else; they told me to go on, and if I offered to stop they would use me ill.
They did not strike you?
No, my Lord, then I went off, and they stood still, when I got about twenty yards, I turned round and saw them standing in the same place, and I ran as fast as I could, but I saw nobody till I got over the field.
When was this man taken?
last Wednesday se'nnight.
Where did you first see him?
At a public house in Clerkenwell, the constable that took him, came to me at a shop were I worked, and told me he was in custody.
How long was the prisoner with you?
About four minutes.
Was it moonlight?
Yes, it was full-moon.
Had the prisoner any disguise over his face?
Nothing.
Had you an opportunity of observing him thoroughly?
I looked at them both.
Did you know him when you saw him again?
I knew him directly.
You were carried to Clerkenwell to see him, was not you?
They came to shop to tell me they believed they had taken the person.
Who shewed him to you?
I saw him at a public room with several more.
But he was in custody with the officer?
Yes, but they brought several more with him.
All in custody?
Was not this man shewn to you by some of the officers?
I did not take notice of him till I came into the room; when I came in I looked round, and saw him directly, I said, that was the man.
Did none of the officers shew him to you?
Nor as you was going along?
Was your watch ever found?
There was one of Mr. Blackborough's men that came to your shop to inform you that they had took a suspicious person?
He is one of the runners at Mr. Blackborough's?
I believe he is.
Was he at the public house when you went?
Did you see him at Clerkenwell?
How often did you see the prisoner before he was committed by Mr. Blackborough?
I saw him twice, but not to be near him.
How often did you see him with the Justices?
I saw him once at the office.
No more than once, recollect yourself?
I do not recollect that I saw him any more.
How often did you go to see him at Clerkenwell?
I never went to see him but that once.
Were was it that he was charged with the fact he now is, did you go after you had seen him at Mr. Blackborough's?
Upon your oath, was there any commitment sent to detain him at your prosecution at that time?
I swore to him at that time.
When you was at Clerkenwell, did not you say that you did not know him?
Recollect yourself?
I recollect no such thing.
Was not he brought several times to Mr. Blackborough's, and did not you hesitate till by seeing him often, his face grew familiar to you?
Who was at that time with you?
I believe this man that took him and another.
Yes, I fancy so?
They are the only
people who attend here, not the man that took him?
I believe he did.
He told you he was going to fetch a man that he suspected had robbed you?
The Justice ordered him and several more to be brought together.
Had you told the runner that came for him how he was drest?
Nor of his height?
If you had never given any sort of description either of his dress or height, how came he to suspect that he was the man that robbed you?
I never knew the man before, he had the information from somebody else I suppose, I had described it to Sir Sampson Wright.
There was nobody by at this time but the runner was there?
Nobody else.
Did you publickly Sir, charge this man with having robbed you at Clerkenwell?
Was any body by that heard you beside the runner, that is to have the reward?
Nobody else.
Have you nobody here to prove that you singled him out directly beside the runner?
You never saw him before that night you was robbed?
Did you never see him but once at the Justices?
Did you ever express any doubt of this being the man, at any of the times that you saw him?
You are sure you never did?
No, my Lord, I looked very hard at them in the face the night they robbed me.
You said it was after eight?
Yes, between eight and nine.
Was there any thing remarkable that night?
Was not that at the time of the eclipse?
Can you tell how near it was to eight, or how near it was to nine?
It was nearer nine than eight..
Then the eclipse was fuller?
I remember myself particularly it was very dark by half past eight.
When the question was asked you, whether it was moonlight, how came you to tell me it was, without mentioning the circumstance of the eclipse?
The moon was not covered at that time.
What are you?
A hair-dresser.
A master or journeyman?
Journeyman.
You know there is a reward on the conviction of highway robbers?
Yes, but I do not know that I shall recover any thing.
Did not the runners tell you so?
They did not tell me that I should recover any thing.
No, but they told you that there was a reward?
Was it you that took up this man?
It was.
Where and when did you take him?
I was employed at Sadler's Wells to prevent people of suspicious characters from going into the gallery and pit, I found nothing upon him.
How came you to go to this young man Lander?
Very soon after the robbery was committed, I received information that the prisoner was one that was concerned in it.
Who did you receive information from that Lander that was robbed?
I received information from the papers, and it was publickly known by several officers of our parish, that the prisoner was one that was suspected of the robbery.
Was Lander's name in the papers?
I cannot say he was.
How did you know who it was?
The only account was, it was a hair-dresser or a barber; that lived in Gray's-Inn-lane, and from that I traced him out.
You told him you had taken up a suspicious person?
Where was the prisoner when he first saw him?
In Clerkenwell-close.
Who was with the prisoner?
Ten or twelve people.
What sort of people?
Neighbours I believe that we desired to come in.
Then the prisoner was the only man that
was in custody, when the prosecutor came to see him?
Yes, my Lord.
Were his hands handcuffed?
How often had Lander seen him before, he said, he knew him?
He saw him twice in all; the first time he saw him, he knew him immediately.
What before he went into the house?
I believe he did, my Lord.
Was you with the prisoner, or with Lander?
I took the prisoner to a public house myself.
Who was with Lander?
I do not recollect any body being with Lander.
Did Lander come up to you, and the prisoner before he went into the house, and said, that he knew him?
Before he came into the house, my Lord.
Yes?
No, I believe he did not say, that he knew him before he went into the house.
What other officers were with the prisoner?
If there was any body it was Dinmore.
He was entrusted to your care to bring him out of goal?
Then it was your business to take care of him?
It was.
Of course you did not let him go from you?
Which of your people was with Lander at that time?
It must be Dinmore.
And you with the prisoner?
I was so, my Lord.
Had you seen Lander the night before to tell him of the affair?
The day before I and Dinmore went together.
You was one?
Yes, there is one thing I must beg leave to remark, when I saw the prosecutor in his master's shop, and asked him if he was the person that was robbed, says I, can you remember what was said to you when you was robbed; says he the expression which was made use of was, we have got the barber; says I, then this is the person.
Was it you or Dinmore that told Lander of the reward, if this man was convicted?
Upon my oath, I never told him of the reward.
Then it must be Dinmore?
I do not believe he did.
One of the men said there was a reward, I believe it was this man, not that I should recover any thing; I would not tell him that he should recover a farthing.
Did you find any thing upon the prisoner when you searched him?
No, nothing at all.
I have nothing to say, I suppose my friends are gone home, I had people to my character all day, I did not think my trial would come on.
Had you any other evidence but to character?
My Lord the Justice himself ordered seven or eight more to be brought out with this man.
The officer has sworn that there was no more.
There certainly was, when he brought him along the Close there was no more, but in the room there were seven or eight more brought in, in custody.
Which of you are to be believed if you contradict each other upon oath?
Of all evidence the most liable to mistake, is the evidence of identity of person, especially that which depends upon the recollection of a single witness, seeing a person by a confused light, and in the hurry of a transaction necessarily attended with some degree of fear and confusion; so that the observations of a person are likely to be less accurate at that time, than at a time when they are more composed; however it is direct and possitive evidence, and that evidence is more or less strong in proportion, as it depends on more or less witnesses; in proportion to the degree of light, the opportunities they have of observing them, and the length or shortness of time that elapsed before they saw them again: In this case the light the prosecutor had to observe the person who robbed him by, was a very bad one; probably the recollection of many of you, many furnished you with that which I perfectly recollect, that at the time the prosecutor has fixed for this robbery, it was then as dark, or very
near so, as if there had been no moon at all: I perfectly remember the coming out of the eclipse, and that by half after eight it was quite dark, so as to have the appearance of a very dark night; the person who robbed him was an utter stranger; the transaction was short; five weeks elapsed before he saw any thing of the person; and when he saw him, it was visibly under an impression of mind that he was likely to see the person who had robbed him; therefore supposing him to mean perfectly fair, he certainly went with an impression on his mind, that impression has certainly a very great effect, and under that impression, any degree of similitude or resemblance, will operate very strongly on the mind; Redgrave was the person that went to tell him, they had apprehended the prisoner; Redgrave was with the prisoner when Lander first saw him, and therefore he must necessarily see him immediately with the person, who informed him, he had taken him up; therefore seeing him with Redgrave, would intirely fix him in his belief, that the man he so saw, was the man who robbed him; however the man positively swears to the prisoner, and it is not necessary that you should disbelieve the man's veracity, but you are the proper Judges whether you are sufficiently satisfied with his certainty; if you are clearly satisfied, you are bound to find him guilty, but if you think from the circumstances of the case, and the general fallibility of that kind of evidence, when it is not confirmed by any other circumstances, that there is any doubt, in that case you as clearly ought to acquit him.
