I am servant to Mr. Hobson, No. 50, Upper Charlotte-street ; on the 27th of March, I was in the kitchen along with my fellow servants, about half after seven at night, and one of them, who was a black woman, said, she thought she heard a noise in the parlour, I listened about the space of a minute, and I said, I am afraid there is somebody in the parlour, and I immediately ran up with a candle in my hand, and I saw the prisoner in the parlour, and I made towards him, then he was making his escape out of the window, he was on the chair that stood close by the window, I made a snatch at him with my hand, and he sprang out over the rails, and got out; I ran out of the hall door, and perceived the prisoner on the opposite side of the way, I cried Stop thief, he was running away when I saw him, and when he came to the corner of North-street, he turned round at the post, and put his hand in this manner, and said, damn you, keep off, I was afraid he had a pistol, and was going to fire; I stopped my head down, then he run, and I run after him, and he had not run many yards before he was stopped; nothing was found upon him.
You are sure that he was the same man that you saw in the parlour?
Yes, my Lord, I am quite sure.
Was it dark or light?
It was dark, but I had a candle in my hand.
How far was he when you saw him again in the street?
He got on the opposite side of the way.
Are you quite positive?
When had you been in the parlour before?
The windows were down I never remember their being left up, I am sure they were down, for my master was gone to the Royal Circus; and they were left down when he went out, and I am sure nobody else opened them.
Which way did this man get in?
He got into the parlour window, because the blind was forced almost down, and in his endeavouring to get out, he forced it down entirely.
How do you know that this pint mug was lost?
When I waited at dinner, the mug was there then, and when my master went out it was there.
And what became of it afterwards?
I cannot be sure, we missed it when we came to look into the parlour to see what was gone.
Was there any plate on the sideboard?
Some.
None of that was gone?
You did not see the mug in the prisoner's hand?
No, my Lord, it was never found afterwards.
I was going to my master's house, No. 28, Charlotte-street, as I knocked at the door, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I stopped the prisoner, and we took him back to Mr. Hobson's house, and I went into the parlour, and saw the blind tore from the bed of the window.
How far was the prisoner from the house, when you saw him first?
Was any thing found upon him?
No, only a knife.
I am a marble polisher, on the 27th of March, about eight at night, I was going along North-street, I heard the cry of, Stop thief! in Charlotte-street, and I saw the prisoner running across the end of North-street, and the prosecutor at his heels, the prisoner turned round, and put himself in a position, as if going to fire a pistol at him, then he ran again, and he was stopped by Timothy Evans ; I collared him, we conducted him to Mr. Hobson's house, when we got into the hall he desired me to loose hold of his arm, for it was sore; upon my refusal he swore an oath, and said, if I did not, it should be worse for me, and he was feeling under his coat on his left side, I desired a man to search him, and he took that knife either out of his side pocket, or out of his waistcoat pocket, I cannot tell which.
What did he say for himself?
He said that he heard a cry of stop thief, and that he ran to catch the thief.
I am the patrol, I brought him to the watch house, at first he said he would go quietly, then he began to kick his legs, and lean backwards and struggle; at last we got him to the watch house.
I was coming down the street, and heard an alarm of stop thief, a gentleman came and laid hold of me, and said, I believe you are the thief, I said, I am not; he said, I will take you whether you are or no, they searched me, and I had nothing about me; I have no witnesses.
If the windows were open, and this man got in at the open window, it will not constitute a burglary; there must to constitute a burglary, be breaking or entering; the lifting the latch, or lifting up a sash, is a sufficient breaking in point of law.
