I live in Oxford-street, I know the prisoner; as I was going to my lodging, she asked me to go with her to her lodgings, which accordingly I agreed to, then she asked me to treat her with some Holland's gin, which I did, two or three half quarterns and some porter, there was another companion with her that brought in the liquor, after that happened, I begged to go to bed along with her, which I accordingly did, I paid her what she asked, and the other came in, I stopped, and I agreed to sleep with her all night.
How much did she ask?
One shilling.
Who was the other woman?
I do not know her name, I had not been in bed above twenty minutes, before there came a knock at the door, this prisoner at the bar and a man threw me across the bed, and threatened to take my life away if I made any resistance, they laid hold of me, they put their hands in my mouth, which tore my mouth very much, my breeches were on the pillow, I held them as hard as I could, and I halloo'd murder two or three times, but I durst not halloo any more, and nobody came to my assistance, till after they had got off.
What did they do to you, when they threw you down on the bed?
They robbed me of my watch, and eighteen shillings.
Who robbed you?
The prisoner at the bar one, and the man I did not know.
Who took the money from you?
They all helped to aid and assist in taking it.
What, not the woman that you agreed to sleep with all night?
Yes, she was one.
Who was the woman that you agreed to sleep with?
I cannot tell her name, she was one of her companions at the bar, I took the constable, and took her the Monday night following, we found her at the opposite door, at the public house, up two pair of stairs, the watchman heard me when I cried out murder, they made their escape backwards, over a wall.
How did you describe this woman to have her taken?
I knew her very well,
Why you was with her but a little while?
I was with her an hour or two, I took more particular notice of her than the rest; I had not time to see the man; it was about ten or eleven o'clock, the 22d of March.
You immediately agreed with the other woman as soon as she came in?
Why, she was the woman that brought you the gin?
Did you go to bed with the other woman?
Yes, about the space of twenty minutes..
Was you drunk or sober?
Why I was not drunk at all.
What quantity of gin did you drink?
Only three half quarterns among three.
So you do not recollect any thing of the other woman, or of the man, nor of their persons?
No, not of the man particularly, because I had not time to see him.
The woman brought the gin up, as soon as you went to this girl's lodging, that was before you went to bed with her?
Was there a candle in the room all the time?
Yes, there was a candle, but it was put out when they all went out.
Was there a candle in the room, when you went to bed with the second woman?
So you did not know this woman before that night?
Then this woman came up, and gave you the gin, and drank a part of it, before you went to bed with this woman?
Do not you recollect her at all, you seem to have been so struck with her, as to quit this woman?
I could not recollect her person at all, the man is a weaver, he is known very well, but they could not find him, he escaped..
Did you ever find your watch again?
I never made any enquiry after it, for I thought it was all in vain.
Nor the money, I take it for granted?
Where had you been before you came home with this woman?
I had been along with two or three of my partners at work at Somerset house, I was no ways in liquor at all.
What did the other woman immediately assist upon the others coming in?
Yes, she let them in.
I am a watchman, between twelve and one, on the Sunday morning, in the month of March, I cannot tell the day, it is about five weeks ago, myself and the two patrols were talking together, and we heard the man cry out, murder! and went up, and the man was in his shirt, and his mouth was grazed a little with blood, he said he was robbed of two guineas and a half, says I, take care and recollect yourself, then he said, it was o nly ten shillings, and half a guinea, then the two patrols went in, and searched the house, but they could not find any body in the house, and I staid at the door.
I am a constable of St. Ann's, on the Monday evening after the robbery, this man informed me he had been robbed of his watch, and half a guinea and some silver, and said, he had got some information about the parties, and desired me to go with him, which
I did.
Did he tell you who he was robbed by?
He said the person's name was Ann Burton , that he was informed of it by other people, and he had been looking about it all Sunday.
Then he only told you what people told him?
He did not say he knew her himself?
He said he should know her if he saw her, he said there were three parties, two women, and a man, I went with him then into Church-street, St. Giles's , and the house he pointed out where he was robbed was shut up; we went over to the Hammer and Trowel, a public house facing, there was a club assembled there, in the one pair of stairs as full as it could be, of Irish persons, I desired him to look into the room to see if she was there, he looked round very attentively, and said she was not there; we went into the two pair of stairs room, and there were seven or eight persons there, and he said, that is one of the women that robbed me, I will take my oath his mouth was scratched when he came to me; I took the prisoner, and kept her in the round house, I searched her, she had nothing about her, when I told her she must go with me, she called me a bloody thief, and said, she did not weigh forty yet.
That is forty pound reward I suppose?
Yes, I suspected she wanted to get the Irishmen to assist her, I said, if she was not easy I would use her worse than she did the man on Saturday night, I saw the paling broke down, and fresh put up again, the boards were split.
He said, he could not tell now much he was robbed of?
Are you usually called out of your own parish?
Yes, very frequently.
You knew that there was a reward of forty pounds, she need not tell you that?
Did the man describe any thing about his watch?
He said it was a family watch, and should be glad to have it again, he did not mind the money.
How was you to have it again, if he did not describe it?
I asked the prisoner about it.
But you apprehended there was forty pounds, did not you?
No, my Lord, because I was certain sure to the contrary, because it was told me at the examination.
That was not at the time that you took her?
It was when I apprehended her, I cannot say exactly.
As I was standing at the corner of Hog-lane, this young man came to me, & asked me to take a glass of liquor, he asked me where I lived, and could he go home with me, I told him yes, he and I went home together, and he sent for some gin, he asked who the other was, he said, call her in, she said she did not care if she had a drop of gin, and went and fetched it, and after that he had two or three pots of beer, and he asked her to have something for supper, he and the young woman agreed to go to bed together, he asked me if it was any harm to me, I said no, I was as willing for her to go to bed with him, as not, and he asked me to quit the room, and I wished them a very good night, and I never saw him from that time, till the time I was taken a prisoner.
Had you any beer there?
Only one pot.
If I understand you, they seized you the moment they came in?
The very moment.
The candle was out then?
No, not then.
You was in bed?
Was there any curtains?
None at all.
