I am a peruke-maker , and live in Little Bell-alley, Coleman-street . I lost six men's perukes on the 12th of April; there were two of them just made for two gentlemen, customers of mine; I missed them about four o'clock in the afternoon. I went down to Rag-fair. I went into an old wig shop, and enquired if they had any old tail wigs to sell, thinking they might produce them: they told me they had none. I went into a shop opposite, and asked them if they had any to sell: they said, No. Mrs. Brady, in that shop, beckoned to me, and asked me if I had lost any wigs: I said I had; could she give me any information of them? Yes, she said, she could, she knew one of her neighbours had bought some wigs; and, if I would describe them, she would send for them. She directly sent out her servant-girl, Elizabeth Steele . I described the wigs; the girl went and fetched them. Some were taken out of the windows, and some from the blocks.
Mrs. Brady described the man to me that sold them; they said, probably, if I went into a public-house just by, I might meet with him. I went into the public-house, and saw the prisoner sleeping; I went and fetched Mrs. Brady: she said that was the man. I got a soldier to help me take him up; but he was rescued out of my hands several times in Rosemary-lane.
I live with Mr. Brady in Rosemary-lane. Elizabeth Harris came to our house with these six wigs, to tell us she stopped them; and if any person came to enquire for such wigs, to send them over to her, and she would let them have them again; the next day, Mr. Callahan came to enquire for those wigs, and I went and fetched them over.
I sell old clothes and old wigs, &c. On the 11th of April, six wigs were offered me for sale by the prisoner at the bar, between eight and nine o'clock at night. I asked him how he came by them: he said they were his property. He asked me 6 s. for them: I told him I did not like the appearance of it. He asked me if I would lend him 3 s. till he would bring proof they were his property: I lent him 3 s. I went over with the wigs to Mrs. Brady, and told her of it; and desired her, if any person came to ask for the wigs, to send them to me. He sat down in my house till I went to Mrs. Brady's.
Did you go to Mrs. Brady's before you lent him the 3 s. or after?
Before; I lent him the 3 s. when I came back.
Did you know the prisoner before?
No.
I know nothing at all about the matter.
