I had all the spoons I should have on Sunday the 26th of December. I did not miss any spoon till Mr. Davis, the person to whom the prisoner went to pawn my spoon, brought it to me. That was on Tuesday the 28th.
Do you know the prisoner?
I never saw him before he was in custody.
Was you present at his examination?
I was.
Did he say anything in your hearing about the spoon?
He said that a woman he lived with brought it to him.
The prisoner and a woman came to my shop on the 28th of December, with a spoon; my boy came into the back shop and said a man and woman had got a spoon to sell; I went into the shop and saw the spoon was marked Hercules upon it; I asked, whom does this spoon belong to? the prisoner said, it belongs to me.
What is it marked with?
Hercules, which is the tavern Mr. Humphreys keeps in Threadneedle-street, behind the Change. I asked him where he got it; he said he bought it at Portsmouth; I said what did you give for it; he said sixteen shillings; I said, you bought it new; he said, yes; I said what is your name; he said my name is John Humphreys , and that his name was on the spoon. I sent my boy for a constable; the boy came back some time after, and could not get one; I said then, my friend, you had better tell how you came by the spoon; you must have stolen it, or come unfairly by it. The woman got away. Soon after one of Justice Wilmot's men came by and secured the prisoner; he then said that he would tell the truth; that he had met with that woman, who gave him a pint of beer to dispose of it for her. We then took him before Mr. Wilmot; one of Mr. Wilmot's men and I went to the Hercules, and enquired of Mr. Humphreys if he had lost any thing; he said not that he knew of; he shewed me some spoons which tallied with this; I bid him look over them and see if he had his number; upon looking them over he missed one.
What did the prisoner say before the justice?
He did not say that he bought it at Portsmouth. He then told nearly the same story that he had before done to me, that he had it of the woman to sell.
It was the woman who owned the spoon that spoke of the name.
The woman answered nothing at all, it was he that gave me the answers to all the questions that I put to him.
Did not the woman offer the spoon?
I cannot tell, it was in the shop when I came there; when I asked whom it belonged to, the prisoner said it is my spoon; the woman did not say any thing.
It was the woman brought the spoon and carried it into the pawnbroker's shop.
