I live in Robinhood-court, Milk-street . On the 8th of October, at a little past seven in the evening, I returned home from Islington; while I stopped at the bottom of the court to make water I perceived a man jump out of the parlour window of my house; immediately after that I perceived another jump out; as he came past me he gave me a wheel round; then I saw a third jump out, which was the prisoner. I catched him by the throat and said, I would hold him if he was the Devil. I seised him by the collar and cried out thieves and murtherers! and I held him till some neighbours came; then my wife, who was behind me, came up and opened the door; there was nobody in the house. I went out about half after one; she came to me about an hour and an half after, and we walked up to Islington; when my wife had opened the door I took him in; when I came into the parlour I saw a table-cloth spread upon the oil-cloth, and the sundry things, mentioned in the indictment, laid upon it; they had been taken out of a drawer in the same room.
When had you seen them in the drawer before?
I suppose three or four days; when I took him in and found these things laid upon on the table-cloth I held him by the throat and asked him if these things were his? He made no answer; the sash was pulled down; there was a pane of glass in the sash broke. I suppose they got the window open by breaking the pane of glass and putting an hand in and opening the fastening to the sash; the pane, which was broken, was immediately under the fastening.
The other two got away?
Yes. I had not the same presence of mind as I had when I seised this, or they would have stood no better chance than this man.
Was it dark then?
It was light enough to see him.
Was it by day-light or the light of the lamps you saw him?
By the day-light.
You could see him plain enough by the day-light to know him?
Yes.
I live in the same court. I came home about a quarter after seven; there was an uproar in the court. I went into Mr. Walton's house he had the prisoner by the collar. I fetched a constable and we took the prisoner to the compter; going into the compter there is a bench; I saw him put his hand to the bench and put down this key (producing it.)
I am a constable. I searched the prisoner but did not find any thing upon him; the clothes were delivered to me by Mr. and Mrs. Walton; they have been in my custody ever since (producing them.)
I found the table-cloth spread on the floor of the parlour, I went in first by myself and found all these things upon it; they are my husband's property; I left them all in the drawers when I went out.
Does your husband rent this house?
Yes
Is it a large or a small one?
A small one.
Have you any lodgers?
Only one; he went out at six in the morning, and went with his master into the country to remove some furniture, and did not come home till the Monday night.
As I was coming from the other end of the town; I had occasion to go through this court. This gentleman laid hold of me by the collar, and used this expression, that he never hung one, but by G - d he would hang me.
Are you sure the prisoner jumped out of the window?
Yes, I was but about three yards and a quarter from the window. I seised him directly.
