I am a baker , at Folkstone, in Kent. Last Sunday, about eight at night, I was coming out of a cook's shop, and ran full-but against this woman. I was going towards the Borough. She said, Where are you going in such a hurry? I asked, What that was to her? or not quite so harsh. She asked me what countryman I was. I told her. She challenged me, and then I knew her. Said she, I have got a lodging by here, you may lie in the same room. Being up all night, and tired, I went to bed, and to sleep.
And in liquor too?
Not so much in liquor but I knew what I did.
Was you sober enough to know who was in the room with you when you went to bed?
Nobody but she: it was her room: she had the key in her pocket.
Did she go to bed too?
No. I fell asleep, I suppose, in a very short time. In the morning, I waked. I looked, and had lost my breeches, and all my clothes, except hat, shoes, and buckles. The prisoner was not there when I waked. She had left the key. As I went down, I found the stockings I had worn, bundled up. She had dropped them. I missed every thing but my hat, my buckles, my shoes, and shirt. The door was open. The stockings were tied up in a twist. In the morning, the woman of the house said, She dared say I might find her at a public-house in the Tower.
Who did you find in the house?
Nobody.
Is it a ground-floor?
A chamber: it went up a passage to the place. There was some mutton there.
Did she sup?
I took one potato out of the dish. We sent for a pot of beer. After she was gone, I took fast asleep; and when I waked, I missed all my things.
Do you know whether the door was locked when you went to sleep?
No. I found the prisoner along with this man she keeps, or he keeps her, in the Tower alehouse, the next day: they were in a settle together. When she came before the justice, she told him she pawned the stockings and neckcloth in the Strand. We went there. She only made game of us. But I am a little beforehand in my story. In the morning, I called a poor man, and told him I was naked there. Just as I was going to send the man for some clothes, an old woman brought my own coat, waistcoat, and breeches, which I had lost. She said she had been at the Tower, and the man said, D - n it, I don't mind robbing a man, but don't leave him stark naked. When the woman returned them, she said, You are not to hurt me, but to give me sixpence. Poor old woman! said I, I have not any: all my money is gone. I lost my clothes, and 15 s. in money. I took her to the justice. There was a pair of new cotton stockings I had with me, to put on, which she kept. The prisoner made several low courtesies to the justice, and always thanked him, and made a good deal of fun; and he told me he would be here.
Did you never find your neckcloth, your stockings, nor your money?
No; only what was brought back. If I could have got only the neckcloth and stockings, I would have let her off about her business: but the justice would not let me; he said he would come and seize 40 l. upon me, if I did not prosecute. The woman that brought the bundle, brought it in a confused manner, and may-be she might have dropped it out.
Was you sober enough to be quite sure that this was the woman you was in the room with?
Yes; but she looked better by candle-light than she does now by day-light.
Notwithstanding that small difference, are you sure it is the same woman?
Yes, I am positively sure of the woman; but then the old rag-woman might have had the money as well as her.
Then, if it was not for this 40 l. you are not very angry with this woman in your heart?
No.
She is your country woman?
Yes, I had known her before.
Coming along St. George's fields, this gentleman overtook me: said he, I think I know something of you; where are you going? I said, over Westminster-bridge. He said he lodged in Westminster. He said, I have been having my supper, and had some pig; I should like you to have some. Said he, Did not you live at Maidstone? I said, No. I told him where I had lived. He said he knew me very well. He came with me. When I came over the bridge, I said, I wish you good-night. He said, Oh! I live a little farther. I said I did not know any thing of him. He still followed me home. When I came home, I went up stairs. He fell a-eating my victuals. I said, Instead of eating my victuals, I wish you would go about your business. He said he was tired: he pulled off his clothes, and flung them out of window; he hit me a slap on the face; and I went away much frightened. I never saw any of his clothes or money. I threw his clothes out of window, and told him, if I had strength, I would fling him out too. He said, Then I shall go about my business. The next day, he came to me, and said, Some old woman has brought the clothes; I don't know whether it is you or she. I will not tell lies; there was no woman in the room but me at that time.
