On the 10th of November, between twelve and one o'clock in the night, I was in St. Giles's , going to Deptford with a drummer; the prisoner met us and asked us to give her a quartern of gin; I gave her a penny. She put her hand round my waist and took out of my waistcoat pocket, a canvas bag, which had four guineas and an half in it. I did not miss it till two hours after.
When had you seen it before?
About a quarter of an hour. After this I went down to a publick-house, one George Bacon's, with the drummer, and staid about ten minutes. We had a room to ourselves. I wanted to change half a guinea; I put my hand in my pocket and missed my purse.
How long was the woman with you?
About three or four minutes.
Are you sure the prisoner is the woman?
Yes, I am. About two o'clock, we went back to the place where we had met with her; we told the watchman what had happened. He took us to the house of a Mr. Mason, in Crown-court, and there we found the prisoner in bed. The watchman took my bag out of her right-hand. She said she had it from her husband; she got up, and the watchman took her to the round-house.
I am a watchman. I took the purse out of the prisoner's right-hand, which she had put between her thighs in bed; that was about two in the morning, on the 10th of November. There were four guineas and a half in it, and half a bad shilling, which the prisoner claimed, and had again. She said she had the money from her husband, and if we took it from her she would swear a robbery against us.
The prosecutor, with another man came to me about one o'clock, and said he had lost his purse and asked me if I knew a girl who came from America. I told them the woman they were with, passed by my box, and went into an house in Crown-court. I went there with them.
Did you see her with the prosecutor?
Yes. I knew her before. I carried them to the lodging, and we found her in bed.
I lodged in Crown-court. The prosecutor came into the court and took hold of me, and said he would give me sixpence. He gave me a penny, and after that he went home with me, and would lie with me by compulsion, and when he had lain with me, he wanted me to lie with the drummer. I said I would not. He said he would have my bloody liver out. I do not know how I came by the purse; the money was sent me from my husband; I know nothing of it.
To Rover. Did the soldier and the drummer appear to be in liquor?
No, quite sober.
