I am servant to Mr. Adams, the prosecutor. I went to the door to the milk woman, and saw the prisoner coming down stairs with a bundle of things in her apron; I seized her by the gown. The prisoner had then got out of the door, and was turning round; I pulled her back into the house and pushed her into a back parlour where my master and mistress and two young ladies were. The prisoner being questioned about these things, which she then had in her possession, said a short gentleman in green clothes gave her the bundle. Then she let them drop.
I saw the goods a fortnight before they were lost. I am a tailor by trade. There was a latch on the outside to open the door by which means I suppose the prisoner got into the house. She was brought into the room with the bundle, by William Payne ; he said to my wife, in my hearing, and the prisoner's, Madam, this woman has stolen some of your clothes , upon which the prisoner said a short man in a green coat gave them to her.
The watch and buckles were concealed in her stays; the greatest part of them were in the bundle. Upon first being questioned about these things, she said a man in the two-pair-of-stairs room gave them to her. I went up stairs and found four drawers in one room broke open; I missed the watch and buckles. I had had the muslin gown in my possession half an hour before it was found upon the prisoner. I came down again to the prisoner, and charged her with having taken, besides the things found in the bundle, the watch and buckles. She denied having taken them; upon which I took her into a little room apart to search her. She took them out of her stays, and laid them down. Then she went down upon her knees and asked pardon.
I am servant to the prosecutor. I was present when the prisoner was searched; she herself unpinned her handkerchief and gown, and took out of her bosom the watch, two pair of buckles, the ring, and stay hook, and she asked pardon.
I was very much in liquor; I went into the entry to tie up my garter. I know nothing about it; I never saw any thing.
