On the 11th of November, I went to see the Princess Amelia's funeral; after the funeral went into the abbey , I got on a coach wheel to get out of the press; the prisoner and two more came behind me and pulled me down, and gave me a violent blow on the mouth; the three were so close together, I cannot say which it was that struck me; one of them took my hat off, which immediately disappeared; they took my pocket book; then they squeezed me up against the coach, and the prisoner unbuttoned my trowsers, and put his hand into my breeches pocket; they asked him if he had got it; and he said, no; they bid him feel again; which he did; but I had no money; I did not venture to call out for assistance, for fear of their associates; they then went off; and I followed them; the prisoner said to his companions, d - n his eyes, he means to hobble us, let us do him; I could not see any constable; I was afraid to speak to any other person; the whole three then turned round upon me, and one of them, who has never been taken since, turned and said, d - n, your eyes, if you follow any further, we will knock you down; I pursued the prisoner quite close, and immediately the officer came to my assistance, and took him dodging under the coaches from me; they took him into a public house, and he was searched, but he had none of the property about him; he was then taken away in a coach; several came to rescue him; and on the Monday morning following he broke out of the watch-house; I went with two officers into the Borough, and found where he lived; his mother came with a character from somebody that morning when he was in the watch-house to the officer; we found he lived in Sun-yard, in Long-lane; and on Friday afternoon he was taken at the sign of the Sun in Long-lane; that was six weeks after.
Are you sure this is the same man that was taken up that night before, and that he is one of those that robbed you?
Yes, I am sure.
Have you any doubt of his person
No doubt at all, for there were a great many in the house, and I went in by myself, and took him, immediately; and the constable came in to my assistance.
You are quite clear he is the same person?
I am sure he is the same person.
Your pocket book was never found?
No.
On the 11th of November last, the night the Princess Amelia was buried, I and two more officers went down to Westminster, to see if we could see any people that we wanted; and just as we got to the turning from New to Old Palace-yard, after the funeral was gone in, we heard the cry of stop thief! I ran and saw the prisoner running very hastily, and the prosecutor almost close to his heels; he ran under a coach, and I ran to meet him, I laid hold of him, and the rest of the officers then came up, and laid hold of him likewise; I am sure he was the man that the prosecutor was in pursuit of; I pursued him under three or four coaches.
Did you ever lose sight of him till he was stopped by the officer?
Yes; I lost sight of the prisoner, and kept sight of Allen; I had lost sight of him before the officer pursued him, for five minutes; then they called out, Bill, Bill, that was Allen; then I got sight of him again; I never lost sight of him till he was taken; after I pursued him; I am sure he was the man that robbed me.
Are you sure he is the same person that you took that night, because he escaped?
Yes, I am sure he is the same person; I did not altogether observe that in his eye, but I have very little doubt of his being the person, but I cannot say I had so much view of him then, being night; and I delivered him to the other officer.
I was with Freeman the 11th of November at night, and heard the cry of stop thief just at Palace-yard; we all ran, and Freeman had hold of the prisoner: the prosecutor said, this is the man that knocked me down, and robbed me.
Had you an opportunity of observing him so as to know him again?
I stood by him above half an hour after the coach was fetched.
Are you sure he is the same man?
I have no reason to doubt, I have no doubt at all.
You are quite clear he is?
Yes.
Had you light there sufficient?
Yes.
I know nothing further than what Treadway has told you, I was present at the taking him; I had an opportunity of observing him that night, and I am sure he is the same man, because I had a conversation with him at the watch-house, and he told me where his mother lived.
This man only wants to swear my life away; for a soldier heard him say,
the man is not here now; this man went to my mistress with whom I was apprentice , and told her, if they came to my character that they would stop them, and make a twelve month's fine of them.
Was there any threats made use of to prevent their attending?
No such thing.
I shall report your case to his Majesty, together with that of your fellow prisoner, who was convicted last session, therefore your fate will be decided sooner than the rest of the convicts of this session.
