I am in the foundery business , in partnership with William and Thomas Kinman . The prisoner was our carter . We had information he had frequent meetings with a person on Westminster-bridge, who received tin of him, that led us to watch him. I saw him take an ingot of tin out of the yard, about a quarter after four o'clock in the morning. I sat up to watch him. That was I think on the 24th of October. We have two shops, one at Lambeth; the cart is kept there; he goes to fetch the cart. He was ordered to get up at this time of the morning.
How did he get the ingot?
It lay open in the warehouse; I saw him come out of the warehouse with it under his arm and put a bag over it. I could have stopped him then, but I wanted to detect the receiver. I was up in the lost above, where he could not see me. There was another piece found in his pocket afterwards.
What was the value of this piece of tin?
It is about twenty pounds weight, it is worth eight pence a pound.
I am servant to Mr. Kinman. On the 9th of November I was ordered to follow the prisoner; I had followed him on the 23d of October, and the 24th. On the 24th of October he had a piece of tin which my master saw him take. On the Tuesday after the 24th of October my master saw him take a piece out of the yard.
On the 24th of October your master ordered you to follow the prisoner?
Yes, on the 23d he ordered me to follow him the next morning when he went out, which I did. I observed he had something under his arm with a bag over it; I followed him into Fleet-street, down the ditch side; he seemed to be apprehensive there was some person after him; he stopped; I was obliged to stop likewise. When he came nearer to the tollhouse at Black-friars-bridge, he made a full stop, seeming determined to see if any person was after him. I crossed to the other side of the bridge, and I suppose he threw this piece over, it was found by a waterman's boy at low water mark, on the 9th of November. I followed him again; he went towards Temple-bar. I observed he had something heavy in his pocket. He stopped at Temple-bar, so that I could not avoid coming close to him. He fell into discourse with me, and immediately turned about and said, I have lost my glove, and went back; I followed him back, imagining he meant to discharge the piece he had got. I said he had got something he should not have. He said he had not. I said I must search him; I did, and found this ingot upon him (producing it)
Is there any mark upon it?
Yes, Mr. Forbes's; my master deals with Mr. Forbes.
Should you have known that tin if you had seen it any where else?
I should have known my master had such tin.
Any person who deals with Forbes may have the same sort?
They may.
What did he say?
He had got a piece of metal for a friend to make a pair of buckles.
Did you charge him with it?
Yes, and I told him how long I had been after him.
I have no witnesses.
