I live in Bishopsgate-street Without ; on Christmas-day last I was robbed; I left my house between twelve and one, to the care of my servant boy about sixteen, about a quarter before ten I returned, and near my own house I was informed something was amiss, I got a neighbour to go in and ask what was the matter, he said two men had been there, I desired the neighbour to go up stairs with me, and I found my room door was broken open by a ripping chissel, and a chest of drawers broke open, one of the drawers were locked, and that contained the principal part of the articles I lost; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I never found any of the things again.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Ward, he is a hair-dresser, I was left at home on Christmas-day last, alone, I was standing at the door between five and six at night, and two men came up to me, the prisoner at the bar was one, and the other is now under sentence of death.
Are you sure the prisoner was one?
Yes, Sir, I am quite sure; they came up to the door and asked me if Molly Homewood was at home, they said, they had a bundle for her that came from Portsmouth, from her brother, they said, they must undo the bundle, for they must have the handkerchief again; I was going to undo it, says they, we will come in with you, and wait while you undo it, and when we came in the prisoner laid hold of me by the collar, while the other that is under sentence of death, went up stairs for about five minutes.
Was there a light in the house?
Yes, the man that is under sentence of death, Edward Muslin said, damn her eyes, she went away with a Jew fellow, and she has got a handkerchief of mine, I will go up and search for it; about five minutes after he was gone up, the prisoner put me in the coal hole, and buttoned the door, and fastened it with a gimblet; when Muslin came down stairs the prisoner said, have
you got the handkerchief, and he said, yes, and when I thought they were both gone, I got out of the coal hole, by means of shoving out a drawer.
Then I suppose you went and told of it.
Yes, I went and told one of the neighbours.
Are you sure that is the man?
I am quite sure of it.
I believe upon the trial at the last sessions you did not say that this man laid hold of you by the collar?
Yes, I did, I meant this, the least of the men.
You did not say any body had hold of your collar at that time?
Yes, Sir, I did.
Did you give a description of this man to any body at that time?
What was the description?
I always said he was a little man.
That was all you said?
No other description?
You never saw the prisoner before the night the robbery was committed?
You gave no account of his dress I believe at all?
I only said, he was a little man, I always said he had a snuff coloured coat on, I saw him about a month ago.
That was about four months after the robbery?
It was before Justice Wilmot you saw him I believe?
I saw him on Sunday afternoon coming across the road along with two women, and while I went to let my master know, I lost sight of him.
When you was before the Justice, was not you asked what cloaths the prisoner had on, at the time the robbery was committed?
I said, I could not rightly tell, I believed it was a snuff coloured coat.
And you will venture to swear this is the man?
I know nothing respecting the robbery, no more than the boy's information that he gave of the descriptions of the two prisoners; I am a neighbour of Mr. Ward's, and to assist Mr. Ward, I went out to several houses where those kind of people used, I suppose we saw near an hundred, and the boy went with us, he never fixed, nor attempted to fix on any person, till he fixed on this person; on the 1st of April, the boy came in and said, that the man that robbed him was then gone across the street, and he had watched him near to Long-alley, Moorfields, where he had left him tossing up; I went with Mr. Ward to the sign of the White Hart, which is a very bad house, that none but such people use, and a house that nobody dare to venture into almost, we went into the room and the boy with us, there were two others sitting with him, and two or three girls in the same box, the boy immediately said, pointing to the prisoner, that is the man that robbed you, Sir, and his master seized him immediately, and he was committed.
Is that bad house a publick house?
The sign of the White Hart, in Long-alley, Moorfields.
In the year 1575, there was a message sent from the Star Chamber to the Lord Mayor of London, to know what was the meaning there was so many criminals in Newgate, what answer was sent we do not hear, it is not reported; and they put down two hundred ale houses in London, and an hundred ale houses in Westminster; which in 1575 was a very little place, and the fact was, there was not one criminal in Newgate the next sessions; that you will see in Stowe's account of London.
I have nothing to declare, any further than my innocence, which I hope will be proved.
I am the prisoner's mother.
Where was your son on Christmas-day, in the afternoon?
He was at home with me, he came home on Christmas Eve, between nine and ten, he did not get up till about eleven, we dined about three, and he smoaked his pipe, and he had tea between five and six, and he never was out of
my house till eleven o'clock the next morning; he went to the necessary after dinner, but never was out else; I never took an oath before, and I would scorn to tell a lie, though he is my own child.
How old are you?
Fourteen the 24th of last March, I am the prisoner's brother, he was at home all day on Christmas-day last, and in the evening I saw him, and all day.
What was not you out all day then?
I stepped out of one errand to the chandler's shop; and then for a pot of beer, that was all that I was out, all the whole day.
My Lord, in addition to this evidence, though it is not evidence, we have the declarations of the man that is under sentence of death.
That is no evidence.
I can shew that the man that Muslin says was with him at the commission of this burglary, was in his company the same evening, his name was Cammel.
That is no evidence.
I am a stocking weaver, but I work at gold and silver refining lately, I have known the prisoner two years.
What is his business?
A printer by trade.
What is his general character?
I never heard any harm of him, he lodged at my house between three and four months, and always kept good hours.
I have known him three or four months; I never heard any thing to his character, but a very sober and civil young man..
I saw Edward Muslin on Christmas-day last, at night, and he came to Mr. Clarke's house, and William Cammel was with him.
The prisoner is not the man that was with Mr. Muslin when he came to our house, for Mr. Cammel was the man.
