I am an officer stationed at Fenchurch-street tea-warehouse; the prisoner and Henry Holding came into into the yard with one of the elders, and Holding desired me to go with the prisoner to the warehouse-keeper, and when we came in Holding said the prisoner had some tea, and he took it out of the prisoner's left hand coat pocket, it was what we call congou tea, it was weighed, I have had it ever since.
How long have you known Holding?
I have been in the warehouse ten years, he was there then.
Do you know any thing of his character?
Nothing at all.
How long have you known the prisoner?
I have known him since he has been in the warehouse; I have heard that the prisoner was subject to fits, since he was detected and brought before Mr. Stockdale the warehouse-keeper; he looked like a man then that did not know what he had done, I heard a day or two after that he had had a fit just before this happened.
I brought the prisoner to the last witness on the 23d of March, as I was crossing through one of the rooms, where we lay down the teas for inspection among the brokers, I saw the prisoner take the tea out of a chest, and put it into his pocket in a small bag, he told me he was going to get some nails; his business was to go and fetch the nails and return without going up one of the allies where these chests were laid open for shew; I immediately told him he had been doing that which was very wrong, and insisted upon seeing what he had in his pocket, I found it was tea, and I took him down to Mr. Stockdale; I never heard the prisoner was guilty of any thing of the kind before; he has been in the warehouse about seven or eight months; I am credibly informed he is subject to fits, but my business lays in another part of the warehouse.
What reward do the company give for the detection of these sort of pilferers?
I do not know, I never received any.
Do not they give a guinea?
It is so stuck up on the stair-case.
How long have you been in the warehouse?
Upwards of six years.
Was there any thing remarkable that made you leave the keys?
No.
You was a tobacco merchant?
No, Sir, I dealt in it in the retail way, I never hawked it about, I have a hundred customers now that deal with me.
I do not know any thing about the bag, or putting tea into it, or whether he took it from me I cannot say, I was in a fit just at the time, and after that I cannot pretend to say that I remember five minutes that are past.
I live in the Hay-market, I am a tavern-keeper, I have known the prisoner about eleven years, he is a very honest man, he asked the blue posts in Maiden-lane, which I kept formerly, and many respectable people came there; he is subject to fits, but I never saw him in any.
From your own observation, what is his capacity now?
I believe very weak in his head, very weak indeed.
I live at Lambeth; I have known the prisoner about nine months; I have lived in the parish seven years, I never heard the least thing against him; I was coming with him about five or six months since, and just as he came to the Dog and Duck he dropped down in a fit; he seemed to be almost strangled all of a sudden, it held him about a quarter of an hour, and his head appeared very wild, and very disordered after for some time.
I have known him sixteen years, he is a very honest man, but subject to fits.
Do you mean that fits have disturbed his capacity and understanding?
I think so, stupified quite.
You look upon him now to be a weak man?
Very weak Sir, I always did.
I have known the prisoner twelve years, he is a very honest man, his general state of intellect is quite weak, he has not known what he has done for two or three hours together.
I have known him upwards of five years, I have often seen him in fits, I saw him in that fit which Mr. Martin spoke of; he always bore a very honest character; his head, after some fits, continues very bad for three, four, or several hours; the general state of his head is weak.
I have known him about eight or nine years, his general character was that of a very honest man; I have had an opportunity of judging of his head; when I first knew him I thought he was in a state of intoxication frequently; but I have seen him early in the morning, and walked with him to town in the month of January, before it was light, and he talked then in a rambling way; I think him a man weak in his head, and disordered in his mind.
I work in the warehouse with the prisoner; I was at work on the day the tea was found; I saw him about an hour and a quarter, as near as I can judge, I went to him, and shook hands with him; he was leaning upon a chest; I said, how do you do Leaf? his eyes were fixed, never a word; how do you do old boy? says I; never a word; I went and told a man there that he was certainly mad, and the man said he had spoken to him, and he gave him no answer: I have seen him in fits twice, and held him up; the last I saw him in, was at Fenchurch-street, just by the warehouse; I am very sure he is not in his senses at times.
I remember this transaction, the prisoner appears to me not to be right in his head, he has a stupidity about him at times.
Had you any conversation with the prisoner when you went with him to the warehouse-keeper?
Not a word.
Did the warehouse-keeper say any thing to him?
No farther than he turned the bag out, and he asked him if it was a bag for the purpose; and the prisoner told him no, it was a bag that he brought his bread and cheese in.
Did there appear to be any crumbs in the bag, as if bread and cheese had been in it?
I did not observe.
Did the warehouse-keeper ask him how he came to take the tea?
He asked him what business he had in the warehouse? and he said he was going for nails; he gave his answer with a good deal of hesitation.
Did he appear to you to know what he said?
Upon my word I really think he did.
Turn it out in your hat, and see if there are any crumbs of bread and cheese in it?
If there were any they might be left behind on the paper, the tea has been weighed in a scale once or twice.
Do you know whether that bag really belonged to him or not?
No I do not.
