On the 4th of March, between seven and eight in the evening, I was going along by the dead wall facing the Belvidere, near Islington : just by the New Road, I met four fellows; the prisoner was one; he passed me, the other three turned upon me; the prisoner turned round, and put his two hands into my mouth; the other three pulled me down.
Explain how he put his hands into your mouth.
All the fingers of both his hands: as they threw me down, I saw a knife just at my mouth, lying on the ground, open; I took up the knife, and threw it in the ditch.
What were the four men doing, when you took up the knife?
One pressed upon me, the others were trying to rob me, and this man had his hands in my mouth.
Had you your eyes and hands so at liberty as to see and take up the knife?
Yes; my face and my gums were swelled; I halloo'd out Murder! three times; the last time a gentleman, Mr. Savage, was coming up, upon which three of them ran towards Merlin's cave; the prisoner, to save himself, jumped into the ditch, with my hat in his hand; the prisoner got into the field with my hat in his hand; I told the gentleman that was the man that had robbed me of my hat.
Did they demand any money of you, or what did they say?
They did not demand any money, as I heard; they took nothing from me but my hat: they were with me about ten minutes.
What were they doing all that time?
Trying to rob me; one was searching my pockets, the others kneeled upon me.
Had you nothing in your pockets?
Yes; gold, silver, and my watch.
How came they to take nothing?
Because I had my face downwards, and they could not get at my pockets so well; I had my face downwards all the time they were with me.
Then how could the man have his hands in your mouth?
He had his hands in my mouth, and my face was downwards.
Were you sober?
Yes; I was quite sober.
Did you know the gentleman before that came up?
No; I never saw the gentleman that came up before: when I told him that was the man, he pursued him down the road, and caught him in the ditch; he knocked him down; I went to him, and the gentleman asked me if I could swear to him; I said I could swear to the man who had his hands in my mouth: we took the man to the Blue Lion in Gray's-inn-lane, and charged a constable with him; they asked me what I had lost; I said my hat; two men went with a lantern, and one found the hat, and the other the knife.
Then you did not see the hat yourself?
I saw it in his hand, about twenty yards on the other side of the ditch.
How far were you from the ditch?
About 27 or 28 yards.
Was there any hedge?
No.
This was between seven and eight in the evening; was it light?
The moon was just rising; I could distinguish him from the rest.
Was it so light you could distinguish a man at the distance of 27 or 28 yards, with an hat?
Yes; I could.
When you was in this situation, lying with your face to the ground, could you distinguish this man so as to know him again?
Yes; I am sure that is the man; I have no doubt of it.
What did you observe him by?
His blue coat that he has now; I took particular notice of his face; he was the first person I looked at before I was pulled down.
What did the others do, when they attacked you?
They did nothing but hold my head down.
How came you to take notice of him?
I generally take notice of the first person I meet; I took notice of him, because I suspected they were upon no good.
What are you?
A tallow-chandler; in business for myself.
You was perfectly sober this night?
Yes, as I am now.
The instant these men laid hold of you, they pulled you down?
I was down immediately.
You have heard of 40 l. reward?
No.
Did nobody tell you of it?
They told me of it at Sir John Fielding 's.
Do you mean to say you did not know there was 40 l. reward for a man convicted of a highway robbery?
No; I did not know of it till the Monday morning, when I took him to Sir John Fielding 's.
That made you very sure of him?
No.
Was your hat off your head, or no, when you was on the ground?
I do not know whether it was blowed off, or how it came off; it might tumble off, he took it up; I saw it in his hand.
You did not go after your hat yourself?
No; the gentlemen told me they found it about 20 yards from the ditch.
Did the men ask for your money, or watch?
I do not know that they did; I did not hear them; I was terrified enough.
You did not hear them say a word?
I did not hear them say any thing to me; they might, for what I know.
How could you see three people so as to be able to describe them when your face was down to the ground?
I did not describe three people.
Yes, you did; you say one had his hands in your mouth, the other was upon you, and three endeavoured to rob you?
Yes.
What were the four doing?
Looking about to see if any body was coming.
How could you observe all this with your face to the ground?
I held my head up as well as I could.
How was the man pressing upon you?
He kneeled upon me.
On Sunday the 4th of March, between seven and eight in the evening, I was coming down near the Belvidere; I heard the cry of murder; I immediately ran across the road; there was a young man got to the turnstile before me; I asked him what was the matter; he said he did not know, there seemed to be several people as if they were fighting; I made up to them as fast as I could.
Who was the young man you first spoke to?
I don't know.
Were the people fighting at some distance?
Yes; under the wall by the reservoir of the New River; when I came near, three men ran one way, and one jumped into a ditch that goes across the field. I saw the prosecutor appeared very bloody, and very confused; he could hardly speak; I asked him what was the matter, and after a very short time, he told me these fellows had robbed him; that the fellow was one who had jumped into the ditch, and at that time had his hat in his hand; I think I saw a hat in his hand myself, but I will not speak positively to that; I think I saw something in his hand.
Had he a hat on his head?
I did not look; the prosecutor saying he had his hat in his hand, I looked, and ran after the prisoner immediately: the prosecutor had no hat; I ran round by the road to the end of the field; there was a ditch, and by the watch-box I saw this man, who appeared dirty, as if he had been in the ditch.
About how far did you go round to come to the road?
I dare say it was 200 yards, or more.
During that time was the man in your sight?
No.
What sort of night was it, light or dark?
Rather light; it was a very fine evening.
Was the moon up, or not?
I do not recollect that.
Was you near enough to the man who jumped into the ditch, to know he was the man you found at the watch-house, exclusive of his being dirty?
No.
What did you say to him?
I did not use any ceremony, but knocked him down, believing him to be the man.
Can you recollect whether that man had an hat on?
He had a round hat on at the time I knocked him down.
Was you near enough to see what sort of a hat the man had in his hand who jumped into the ditch?
I was not; when he got up, he attempted to get away; I struck him several times with my fist; a little man came up, and I desired him to feel in the man's pocket; he did, and said he had nothing; I felt in one pocket, but found nothing; when he found I had got the better of him, he said, I had knocked him down before, and had robbed him of two shillings; I kept him by the collar till the prosecutor came up; I asked him, if that was the man he wanted? He said, yes; that was the man that came up, and put his hands in his mouth: somebody came up, and struck the prisoner; I desired them to let him alone; I had got him, and would take care of him; I never let his collar go till I brought him to the Blue Lion in Gray's-Inn Lane.
I was in the Blue Lion, Gray's-Inn Lane, on Sunday evening; when Mr. Savage came in he was very hot; he said, he had had a severe chace, and had taken a thief; he mentioned the circumstance of the hat; I proposed a party of us should search for the hat; I saw the hat taken up in the field, about ten or fifteen yards from the ditch; we went back to the Blue Lion; the prosecutor said it was his hat.
Where was the prosecutor when you saw him?
Under the wall.
Not on the side of the ditch the hat was found on?
No.
Did you examine the prisoner's hands, at the time you took him, whether they were bloody or not?
I did not; the prosecutor's mouth at each corner was a good deal torn.
The prisoner was examined in your presence at the public-house?
Not in my presence he was not; I went out in hopes of taking some of the rest.
Coming up Gray's-Inn Lane, I saw a mob at the public-house, and this prisoner at the door, with Mr. Savage; two men proposed to go and see for the hat; I went with them; I was present when the hat was found; it was in the road, as we came along by the wall; I found the knife in the ditch.
This man swore before the justice, he found the hat in the middle of the field, and the knife thirty yards from it; Mr. Savage said before the justice, he found me in a ditch, with a great coat on, and believed I had changed my clothes.
Did you say so?
No; the only remark I made was, that he must have brushed his clothes, for they appeared much cleaner than they did the night before.
Did you say he had changed his clothes?
No; I did not.
