I had been cast away but a few days before. I was coming home much in liquor, intending to go to my lodging in Thames-street, from an house in what part of the town I cannot tell; I was so much in liquor I had no recollection of any thing that passed after I parted with a gentleman before I found myself in bed in St. Giles's; but how I got there, or whom with, I cannot take upon me to say. When I waked in the morning I put my hand to my breeches, I missed my watch and a pair of metal buckles which I had in my waistcoat pocket. I sat on the bedside, and a child came in and said her mammy would get me my watch; the mistress of the house got me the watch next morning.
The prosecutor first complained of missing his watch in the night; he was removed from the prisoner's bed in the next house to a bed in my house; I rent both houses and let lodgings. The prisoner came between nine and ten o'clock and borrowed a plate; she said the a young man was to sup with her who was her school fellow. She asked what it was o'clock? Then she said she need not ask upon recollection. She pulled a watch out of her bosom; I asked where she got it? She said a young man had given it her in the street. I bid her not to bring people into my house drunk to rob them. She said she did not intend to rob him; that if she had a mind to rob him he had plenty of money and a bundle which she might take more easily than his watch. She went away; I then put the man to bed in my house; I saw the prisoner afterwards in her own bed fast asleep and a man with her. I listened and heard the watch tick; upon going near I saw the watch lying upon her bosom; I laid hold of the string, that waked her; I wanted to get the watch from her; she would not part with it; but at last, from the persuasion of the man who was in bed with her, she gave me the watch to carry to the owner of it. I then came back. I asked for his buckles? She at first denied having them; then owned to them, and said if the prosecutor would come she would give them to him. The prosecutor said he would not come; then she went into his room. I sent for an officer, the buckles were searched for and at last were found upon her in her petticoats.
I am a constable. I had charge of the prisoner; she said he had given her the buckles and the watch.
He was very drunk; he gave me these things to take care of; I was to give him them again in the morning. I had no money of his; I kept the buckles till he gave me something as a satisfaction for my trouble.
