I am servant to Mr. Coxe.
Do you know of any damage being done to Mr. Coxe's house?
Yes; it was on a Wednesday morning in Jene. I know the prisoner was concerned in it.
Were there many persons there?
I suppose there might be twenty boys and men concerned. I was in the old dwelling-house which Mr. Coxe used to live in. The old dwelling-house was not injured at that time.
How far is the old house from the house which was injured?
It may be ten or fifteen yards.
What was done to Mr. Coxe's house?
They pulled the inside of it out; I saw them carry out the linings of the window's and the skirting of the house, and the middle part of the stairs were entirely destroyed. I could see that from the old dwelling-house, for I never was in the new house. Afterwards some of the floors were taken up.
Where did you see the prisoner?
I saw him pull the skirting down, which was part of the dwelling-house.
How long did you see him there?
Ten or fifteen minutes; then I went back again.
Did you hear him say any thing?
No.
Did you see him do any thing else?
No.
Do you know why they went away?
No.
Were any of these fifteen or twenty persons employed at the same time?
Yes. They were employed in pulling the boards of the house down.
Did you ever see the prisoner before?
Yes; I know him by sight.
What is he?
A carpenter , as he told me; before this he had sprained his ancle and he came and put it into our mesh tub.
Do you know any thing of Mr. Coxe's house being injured last summer?
Yes.
How many people might there be assembled?
Twenty or more. I saw Davy Miller there between the hours of eight and ten, on the Wednesday morning. I saw him pulling at the sash weight.
How were the others employed?
Some were carrying out boards and timbers belonging to the house. I was standing at the back of this house, in the counting-house of Mr. Coxe's old dwelling-house, with the last witness.
How long did the mob stay?
I cannot say.
How long did you see the prisoner there?
Ten or fifteen minutes.
Did you go into the house after the mob had quitted it?
No.
Did you hear them say any thing what was the occasion of this?
No.
Did they make any noise or say any thing?
Not that I heard.
I have been backwards and forwards five or six times a day every day in my business, and they never charged me before.
I saw him one night in a publick-house.
The prisoner has not absconded has he?
He never went away.
How came you not to charge him before?
I had nobody with me and did not choose to do it myself.
How came you just now to do it?
There were three or four of us together.
Is he so desperate a fellow you could not have done it before?
No.
What do you know of this matter?
I saw the mob there and saw the prisoner pull the frame of the window out.
How came you not to apprehend him before?
Harrington showed me the man several times afterwards. We went into a publick-house to get a pint of beer. Harrington said there is a man that helped to pull our master's house down, let us have him taken up.
They got themselves in liquor and sent for a constable and took me up. Neither of them charged me with this. I did not see their master's house till ten o'clock at night, then the rioters were gone from the house. I have been backwards and forwards five or six times every day, and they never accused me with it.
I am a master carpenter. I have known the prisoner as long as I have known any thing. He has worked with me four years. He has a very good character. He is a civil honest creature as ever the earth carried.
I have known him eighteen years; he is an hard-working industrious man. I never heard any bad character of him.
