I am the wife of Thomas Morgan . I lodge at Mr. Smith's, No. 8, Plumpton-row, in the parish of Kensington . On the 19th of this month, the prisoner's mother came to me, and asked if I had lost any thing. I examined, and missed a diamond ring; it was kept in a shagreen case in the cabinet.
Did you usually keep the cabinet locked or open?
Locked. The prisoner was a servant in the house.
How long before had you seen the ring?
About six weeks ago. I had not occasion often to open the place where it was; it was a brilliant diamond ring; one stone in the middle and two on each side. It was a family ring. It was my mother's. Upon an information, I went to Mr. Packer's, a pawnbroker, in Princes-street, there I found my ring.
Whether you ever knew any thing dishonest of me?
No; I believed she was perfectly honest.
I am a pawnbroker. This brilliant diamond ring was brought to me by Martha Wilmot , to enquire the value of it. She did not offer to pawn or sell it. I asked her whose property it was, and where she had it; she said, she had it of a broker by the Seven Dials, and that she gave half a guinea for it. I said it was worth more, and that he must not have known the value of it. I sent to him and desired him to come directly. He sent word that his wife was ill, and he could not come. I stopped the ring and told her she must call again the next evening, that was the 16th. The next day I took it to Sir John Fielding 's, and had it advertised, and on the Saturday morning the prisoner was taken into custody.
Did you see the prisoner?
Yes; at Bow-street on Saturday morning; she was asked, before Mrs. Morgan came, where she got the ring. She said, she found it. We asked her who she lived with last. She said, with one Mrs. Smith at Brompton, and that she found it in that house. Then Mrs. Morgan was sent for. When she came, the same enquiries were made, and she made the same answers.
Was any thing said to her to induce her to confess?
No. It was her own voluntary confession.
No promises were made to her?
None.
I live at Hampstead.
You carried this ring to Mr. Parker to ask the value of it on the Wednesday?
I went with it to ask him whether it was gold or not; I did not want to know the value of it.
Where did you get the ring?
I went to Knightsbridge to see my father and mother on the Wednesday. As I came back, the prisoner, who is my sister, came a little way with me, and pulled a ring out of her pocket, and said she found it. I said I believed it was of no great value; we would go into some shop and ask the value of it. I went into Mr. Parker's shop to ask the value of it, and he stopped me. She stood on the outside.
How came you to tell Mr. Parker you had it of another person?
Because it rather frightened me. I did not know what to think of it at first. When he stopped the ring, I came out and said, Molly, where did you get this ring? She said she found it under a chest. I said, why did not you ask somebody the value of it? She said, she did not think it was of much value.
All the story you told Mr. Parker was invented at the time?
Yes. I was frightened.
What became of her after she found the ring was stopped?
She went home.
What is the value of that ring?
About two or three guineas.
They have valued it at more in the indictment than I think they should. It is a very old-fashioned ring.
The cabinet was usually kept locked?
Yes.
Was there any appearance of it having been broke open?
None.
Had you left it open at any time?
I cannot be certain.
I found it. I did not know that it was of any value. I kept it in my pocket several weeks. When my sister came I gave it her to enquire whether it was of any value or not.
I always found her extremely honest in money matters. I left my purse with a guinea and half a crown in it on the table, and she brought it me very honestly.
