I am the wife of Richard Lego . My husband keeps a publick-house in Petticoat-lane . On the 26th of December, about ten o'clock at night, the prisoner and two more came into our house and called for a pot of beer; being people of bad character I refused drawing of it.
Did you know them before?
Yes, as being people of bad character. The prisoner swore he would have it. There were two master-shoemakers in the bar. Thinking they were Christmas-box people, they persuaded me to draw it, as they promised not to sit down, but go as soon as they had drank it. They staid about half an hour, standing by the fire. My husband came in by that time and said to them, gentlemen, what business have you here, and desired them to go out. They had drank the beer and wanted more; they insisted upon staying, that caused a great wrangle, a scuffle ensued between my husband and them; the prisoner threw me down and picked my pocket.
Are you sure Lions threw you down?
Yes.
Were any of the others near you at the time?
No. When I got up I went to the bar, and Lions was gone out then. When I got to the bar, I said I was robbed of every sixpence in gold I had got. I had in my pocket a guinea, a half guinea, and upwards of twenty shillings in silver.
What reason have you to suppose Lions picked your pockets while you was down?
Because I found he was upon me when I was down, and had both his arms round me to my pocket.
In what situation was you on the ground?
Upon my face; I turned my head and saw him.
How long was you on the ground?
Not above half a minute. I had given him change for sixpence for the pot of beer just before, and my money was safe then.
Did you find any of the money again?
No, we went immediately after him, and took him between one and two in the morning. I charged the watchman with him. There was a guinea, a half guinea, and some silver and halfpence found upon him; the constable has it.
There were a great number of people in the house at the time I threw her down. I never went out of the room till all the rest of the people were gone; we had seven or eight pots of beer.
It is every word of it false; they had but that one pot of beer in the house.
I keep a publick-house in Petticoat-lane. When I came in, the prisoner and two others were there. Knowing the prisoner in particular, I desired them to go out, for they had no business there. The prisoner refused to go out, he said he would stay as long as there was any company there. I endeavoured to get them out; which occasioned a scuffle; the prisoner was down upon my wife with his arms under her apron, with a pretence to lift her up. Says he Mrs. Lego, I will lift you up.
Did you see his hands under her apron?
Yes, she lay upon her face.
Do you know what money she had?
No, she had a guinea and four half-crowns of me at noon. I saw the prisoner searched, there were found a half guinea and fourteen shillings in one pocket, and six shillings and sixpence in another; the guinea and a half crown and two shillings were afterwards found in his shoes.
The prisoner was brought to the watch-house; I searched him, and in his breeches pocket I found half a guinea, seven shillings and sixpence in silver, and ten-pence-half-penny. Then we searched all his pockets, and there was money found in every one to the amount, in the whole, of sixteen shillings and some halfpence, we took him to the Compter. When the rest of the watchmen were gone he said, d - n them all, I have flung them now, I have ten guineas about me. I desired to have a candle, I took him out of the kitchen into the parlour and searched him. I found in his shoes a guinea, a half-crown, two shillings in silver, and three penny-worth of halfpence.
I went to this house. I had several pots of beer. Lego came in and blew the candles out, and said we should have no more beer there, and fell a fighting with one Morris, and said we should go. Morris and he were quarrelling together, and his wife came to take him away; then we all went out of the house. I went out first; we went into Bird's gin-shop, and drank several quarterns of gin together. Lego took another man first to the watch-house, and then came back and took me, and carried me to the Compter. I took my money out of my pocket as I was going to the Compter and put it into my shoes, for safety. I was much in liquor. I did not know what I was about. My head has been fractured, and I do not know what I am about when I am in liquor.
