The prisoner came and tapped me on the shoulder, at a public-house just by where I live, I live in great Pell-street, Spittalfields ; she asked me to lend her 6 d. I had but 2 s. in the world, I let her have one, she was a servant in my house, I never saw her till she was taken for robbing me of six guineas;
I was not at home, I missed it when I came home that night, she borrowed the shilling on Christmas-day at night, I went home about nine o'clock, she came and asked for the 6 d. about dusk, the waistcoat I have on now I had put under my bolster and pillow with the six guineas in gold, and 21 s. in silver; she was gone away when I went home, there was my daughter and all my family in the house, I went out about two o'clock in the afternoon, my daughter and wife, and Mary Bimford , a servant in the house, the same, she works with me at the business, hair throwsting and spinning, and the children were there at the time, and this woman; they were all at home but this woman when I went home, there are two rooms, the bed was in the same room I live in, my waistcoat was there, it was by the fire side; my wife's hat and handkerchief was taken away, the hat hung upon a nail, I suppose she took the things when she turned up the bed; she told me last Friday was a fortnight she gave five guineas and a half to a man, one Dick Vallance , we found her in Lambeth work-house then; on Christmas-day she robbed me, it was all the money I saved up for the rent; I asked her about it, she said she gave it away, five guineas and a half to Dick Vallance , a barge builder, he said he would help her to it again, the man promised to return it to her, I found the hat at a house where she lodged, the recommendation came from there at Puddle-dock hill.
Did you promise the prisoner not to prosecute her, when you asked about your money, if she told you the truth?
No, I did not; nor the constable in my hearing.
I am wife of the last witness; she is a servant, she asked me to go out, I said no; she asked to borrow my hat, I would not let her have it, I said her master would give her a holyday to-morrow; her hand trembled very much as she drank tea, her eyes were ready to fly out of her head, and she looked like scarlet; this was between five and six at night; she took my hat, I see her whip somewhat off the nail, and run away with it, but did not know it was my hat; she turned the bed up just before, my three 'prentices and myself were in the room, I did not lend her my hat that night.
I worked in the house with her at Mr. Stoneley's; after dinner she appeared as if she was frightened, and asked me to lend her my hat; I told her I was not against it, but she ought not to go out no more than we; she asked me to go out with her, and said I should not want; she asked to borrow my mistress's hat, she would not lend it, she took it herself, I saw her take it, and she went away; I heard her own to the money before the justice, and say she had given five guineas and a half to Dick Vallance of her master's money; I heard no promise to induce her to confess; she said she would give back the money as soon as she was taken, I heard her own she took the money.
I work for Lloyd in Thames street; I have known her above four months, she washed for me, and might have deprived me of 20 l. of property of my master's, but she did not; as to the hat, she said it was lent to her; the woman claimed it, and said it was her's.
Did she say any thing about the six guineas?
She said she had lost six guineas, and supposed the prisoner had stole it.
I have known the prisoner near four years, she lived in my house two years, and always bore a very good character.
I am no relation to the prisoner; I have known her nine years, she has been trusted with plate and such things, I never knew her guilty of any misdemeanor.
I have known her five years, never heard a bad character of her.
I have known her from her infancy, she always bore a very good character, she is about twenty-eight, and got her livelihood
by working, before she was married to a barge builder; she has in general a very good character.
