On the 18th of January I lost a silver watch; there was a cypher at the back J. G. The prisoner came to buy a toy as I was informed. I was not at home. I keep a toyshop in Church-row, Aldgate . My watch was hanging up by the fire-side.
Was it your own watch that you wore yourself?
Yes. My wife and I were out, and my child was left in the shop. She often serves in the shop. The prisoner as I was informed, gave the child a shilling to change.
I cannot receive the information you received from the child.
I am a joiner and case-maker . I was out at my business. My wife keeps the shop. The witnesses will give you further subscription.
I live next door to Mr. Goodwin's. On the 18th of January, between twelve and one o'clock, the child came to the door and halloo'd over the counter, I am robbed. I saw the prisoner run by me, I ran directly after him to the bottom of Church-row, there he threw something down by Mr. King Thompson, what it was I do not know. I pursued him into Shoemaker-row; there was a barber's and piece-broker's shop both together; he ran into one of them, I did not know which. I looked through the window into the piece-broker's, and saw the prisoner buying some blue binding; he was leaning over the counter all of a twitter. I went in and laid hold of him by the collar, and said he had robbed a child just by; he said he had not. I brought him back, and King Thompson who picked up the watch brought it back to the house. As soon as I brought him back into the house, the child said that is the man that robbed me, he took my daddy's watch from me. As we had him in the coach going to his first examination he owned the fact.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man you pursued?
Yes.
Was you in the coach when he acknowledged that?
Yes; along with the constable.
Did you or the constable, or any body in the coach give him any reason to expect you would be favourable to him?
Yes; we said we would speak what we could for him; as we were working men we did not like to go on with the prosecution, because of the trouble of it; he thanked us for being so kind.
As I was going by the top of Houndsditch, I heard the cry of Stop thief!
When was this?
I cannot tell the day of the month. I did not take any particular notice of the day. I saw something drop from the prisoner.
Are you sure it was the prisoner?
I believe it was the prisoner.
Are you sure it was the prisoner?
I think it is the prisoner.
Have you any doubt about it?
Yes I believe it was him.
What was it you saw him drop?
As I was going by promiscuously, I saw him throw something out of his hand; I followed him to Shoemaker-row; there was a piece-broker's and a barber's. I saw him in the piece-broker's; by the colour of his coat, I believe him to be the man.
After he was taken did you go back to the house?
Yes; the man that lost the watch, was out; they sent for him; he came. They related the story, and he produced a spoon with the same crest upon it as was on the back of the watch.
I keep the sign of the Bell behind Aldgate Church. On the 18th of January, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran out and saw several people running. I ran as far as the end of the brick wall. I returned back, and picked up the watch. I then followed them into Shoemaker-row. I saw a heap of people with the prisoner. I asked what was the matter; they said he had stolen something, they did not know what. We went back with him to the house, and the child said he came in to buy a toy, and stole her daddy's watch. As we were taking him in a coach before the magistrate, he begged we would show mercy to him, and let him go to sea.
How old is your daughter?
Between seven and eight years. If you will ask her any soft questions, she will answer you very punctually.
I know nothing at all of it. I never saw any thing of the watch. They laid hold of me and said I should go with them to the house, and I consented to go with them.
The watch was thrown down opposite my house, about forty yards from the prosecutor's. The prisoner confessed it as we were going along, and begged we would get him off to go to sea.
Where did you see this watch thrown down - how far from the prosecutor's house?
It might be a hundred or two hundred yards, or but fifty; I do not know the ground; I cannot particularly say.
Cannon laid hold of his coat and said, You villain, I saw you throw the watch down.
