On the 15th of January I lost my trunk, containing the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) it was cut away from a post-chaise, in Eastcheap .
On the 15th of January I was going into the country with two ladies; I stopped at Mr. Smith's in Eastcheap. I went in and left orders with his clerk for him to send some things into the country; when I came out I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running, I pursued him, and at a little distance a gentleman stopped him. I brought him back to the chaise; he made an attempt to bite my hand; I let him go, and some people took him, and brought him into Mr. Smith's compting house; the trunk was dropped a little on one side the post-chaise. While he was in Mr. Smith's compting house he offered to go for a soldier or a sailor.
Did he confess cutting the trunk away?
Not before me.
I am a post-chaise man; as the chaise was standing at Mr. Smith's door, I saw the prisoner and another man about the chaise; the prisoner was underneath, cutting the trunk away, and the other man had hold of it. I said, d - n your eyes, what are you doing of? and immediately he dropped it; the prisoner crept from under the chaise and ran away. I cried out, stop thief, and another man took the prisoner by the collar.
Did you see him cut it?
No; I saw the other pull it, the straps were cut.
You are sure the prisoner came from under the chaise?
Yes; he was never three yards out of my sight.
I am a constable. I live next door but one. I heard the cry of stop thief. I went out to see what was the matter; they gave me charge of the prisoner. I took the prisoner in one hand, and the trunk in the other; these are the straps which were cut away (producing them)
Are you sure the trunk was fixed to the post chaise?
Yes; and very fast. I felt it as soon as I came to the door.
I know nothing of the trunk at all, they were hallooing out stop thief! I saw three or four running, and ran to see what was the matter, a man laid hold of me; the post boy ran four or five yards past me, crying stop thief! I know nothing of it.
When I had him in custody, he attempted to stab me with a knife; he cut my coat in six places.
