I live at No. 23, Old Compton-street, Soho , I keep a shop; I am the wife of Mr. John Pearce . On the 20th day of December last, I lost some handkerchiefs; between eight and nine, I was that morning gone out of the shop into a back room; I left a servant girl there, and a child. I had seen the things in a basket, in the shop, a quarter of an hour before. I saw the servant shut the door; I came to know of the robbery by the maid and child crying out; I came in and saw the glass-case open, and the things taken out; I found the maid could not see, she had some snuff thrown in her eyes; I have now the handkerchief she had on at the time, with snuff on it. (She produced the handkerchief in court) The shop door was open when I went in; the prisoner was brought back in five minutes by Mr. Kelsy, who brought the handkerchiefs back; then the man was taken into custody.
I am a servant to Mrs. Pearce; I was in the shop the 20th of December last, between eight and nine, the shop door was shut by myself, about a quarter of an hour before the robbery; it was shut on a spring lock; I only saw one robber come into the shop, not the prisoner; he threw snuff in my eyes, after which I could not see at all.
I know the prisoner; on the 20th of December I was coming from the lottery-office, in Wardour-street, between eight and nine, and just by Mr. Pearce's I saw the prisoner at the bar, and two more, if not three, standing without side the window; by the time I got up to it, the prisoner at the bar was in the shop; I saw him open the glass-case, and take out a handful of handkerchiefs; when he had got them he came out, and dropt one between the two doors of that house and the next, in the street, upon which I pursued him, and cried stop thief; those he took out he held by his hand behind his back, under his coat; I pursued him, and never lost sight of him till he was stopped; he had gone to the corner of Crown Court, about four or five houses breadth.
I had been into Monmouth-street, that evening to get a pair of shoes, as I was coming from the shop, I heard this gentleman cry stop thief, just by the end of Crown Court, he stopped me, and asked me if I had any property about me, I said no; they took me into the shop, and another person pickt up the handkerchiefs; I did not take them.
As to the burglary, the door of the shop shut, and latched, and being lifted up in the night, it constitutes the burglary.
