I am the wife of Adam Harris ; we live in Little Charlotte-street . The 18th of August, I went out about four o'clock into the next street; I locked my door; I returned in about half an hour; I had not left any person in the house.
She said before the justice she left a lodger in the one-pair-of-stairs?
I am not certain whether any body was in the house; when I returned I opened the street-door; I attempted to unlock my own room door, upon which the prisoner, who was inside the room, opened it; this bundle lay tied up upon the table, and another handkerchief was spread open; he came up to me, and said, O you eternal bitch! and put both his thumbs to my throat, and threw me down in the passage; I hallooed out, and called out thieves! A little boy who lives in the house ran out, and then the prisoner ran out; a gentleman seeing him run out, and me lying in the passage, stopped him, and brought him back. He had in his pocket a black cardinal of mine, my husband's silver shoe-buckes, and two silver tea-spoons.
When I went out, the things were in my drawers; I saw the prisoner's face, and can swear to him.
This silk cardinal, a pair of silver shoe-buckles, a pair of silver knee-buckles, a silver stock buckle, and two silver tea-spoons (producing them) I found upon the prisoner in the back room; we took him to Litchfield-street; he was examined, and the woman swore to the property.
I was coming through Little Charlotte-street on the 8th of August; I heard a violent screaming; at that instant the prisoner rushed out of the house of Mrs. Harris; I heard a woman's voice call out, Stop him, he has robbed me! I looked in, and saw Mrs. Harris lying in the passage; I pursued the prisoner, and gave the alarm.
Had you a perfect sight of him when he came out, as to know him again?
Yes, I saw him perfectly; the prisoner is the person.
Can you tell who took him?
I cannot tell; there was one coming the contrary way met him, and one pursuing him, came up to him together; I do not know which took hold of him first.
I am a fishmonger at No. 2, Little Charlotte-street. On the 18th of August, at about four o'clock in the afternoon, I heard a call of Stop thief! I ran out, and ran the way the people ran, to Windmill-street; there Mr. Bunn shewed me the prisoner; he was running; I pursued him, and a young man stopped him; I did not loose sight of him before he was taken.
I stopped the prisoner in the fields; there were a number of people running.
I am totally innocent of the fact; the goods found upon me I bought for 18 s. the rest of my defence I leave to my counsel, and the mercy of the court; the man I bought them of was a stranger to me; I do not know where to find him.
To the prosecutor. What lodgers have you in the house?
A man and his wife in the dining room, and two young men lay in our back parlour.
Are you sure whether any person was in the house or not?
In a lodging house one cannot be certain; there might be some body in the rooms.
