I keep a publick house, the Plough in Rupert-street ; the prisoner broke open the till of my bar on Wednesday the 2d of this month, she was my servant about six weeks, when I sent for a constable to search her, there was a four-penny piece in her pocket which was very remarkable; it had been in my till, there was two guineas and a half, and this four-penny piece, and a nutmeg grater; my wife missed the money out of the till about four or five o'clock; I saw the money in the morning, and I went out to my daily labour; there was a four-penny piece and 6 d. and 1 d. was all that was found on the prisoner: I knew the four-penny piece by two different marks, I am sure it was in the till, and it was found in the prisoner's pocket, the constable has got it.
The prisoner lived servant with me; between four and five on Wednesday afternoon I went to give change for a guinea, and then I missed the money, I had the key in my pocket, and I found the till broke open; I looked in the till a little before, there was two guineas and a half; and a four-penny piece; the prisoner went away without letting me know; I sent a gentleman that is in court, and found her at her aunts, and found the linen that she had bought with the two guineas and half; there was found on her when she was searched, 6 d. and a 1 d. and a four penny piece; she denied it till the four-penny piece was found upon her, and then she confessed.
Yes, my mistress promised she would not hurt me, and my aunt and another woman can tell the same.
I live next door; they asked me to go to Lambeth to find the prisoner, I found her there, I told her it was club night, and I got her to go back; there was a constable sent for, and he searched her, I saw the four-penny-piece found in her pocket; and two or three in the room prevailed on her to make confession, she stood out to the last, she would not confess; when it was found she said I took two guineas and a half.
Was any promise made to her if she would confess?
Not as I recollect, not in my hearing; most of the money she said was laid out in Bridge-street Westminster.
She said she would hang me if she could.
I have the linen that she bought with the money; we went to the linen draper's shop, he is not here; I searched her pocket; I had this linen at her aunt's in Lambeth-Marsh; the girl confessed where it was bought.
Was any promise made use of?
I do not know of any, I did not hear of any; (the four-penny piece produced by the constable, who has had it in his possession ever since, and deposed to.)
My master said he would not hurt me.
I live in Chelsea, I am an engraver; I have known the prisoner ever since last Tuesday, it was an act of humanity that prompted me to be an evidence here, I heard a very venal character in the neighbourhood, of the prosecutor; and that the girl had neither father nor mother, and that they would swear any thing: I was very sorry to hear it. I went to the man, and he told me she had broke open the till; the man said then he had promised he would not hurt her if she would confess; I told him I was her uncle; he said if I would give 3 guineas he would slaw the indictment; he took me to a public-house in the Hay-market to make the matter up; but when we came there, he would have three guineas for himself, 5 s. for the constable, 5 s. for the witnesses, and 3 s. for what he spent at the Rotation-office.
Do you know any thing of this man?
Yes.
Is what he says true?
No, this man came with pretences to be a relation, was sorry for the girl, and wanted me to compound the felony, and I said I could not; I never attended to any such proposals at all.
Nor you never made any proposals?
None, he called on me two or three times, on the Sunday and Tuesday, he asked me to go with him, I said, I only meant to do justly and honestly by myself, nobody else was present.
The publican's name was Wallis, this person took me down there.
What business had you in the matter at all?
It was an an act of humanity; it was the feelings of my own breast that taught me to do it.
I am godmother to the child, and I called the next day after she was taken before the Justice; I asked her how she came to do so? they told me if I had come before things would not be so; the woman said the prisoner had taken some money out of the bar; says I, how came she in your bar when you told me before you never gave her leave to go into your bar? she said, may be she might have dropped it out of her pocket.
Did you tell this woman that you might have dropped the money out of your pocket?
No, my Lord, I never told her any such thing.
I am a widow, I live amongst my children, commonly in Holborn; last Friday the woman told me she would hang the prisoner if possible; I said, God forbid! yes, she said, by her Maker she would! and if that would not do, she would swear that she had picked her pocket; she would hang her if she could.
That man came to my house, and asked me what I thought of doing, and if I would make it up; I knew the girl when she came from Bath; she has no parents; I live in Lambeth-Marsh; she was found in my house.
Did not she bring some linen there?
It was work, and I never opened it; she told me it was work; the constable came to me, and asked me to make it up: he said that the prosecutor sent him.
I did not go to that woman to ask her to make it up.
