I was invited to dinner on Christmas day, I hung my cloak in the kitchen, next the fire place, with my bonnet at the top of it, there were several of their friends; a little after ten this fellow came in, there were several people there, and he pushed open the door, and hitched the bonnet off my cloak, and took my cloak away; I did not see him take it.
I was in the kitchen, it was about ten o'clock; this man came down the entry, and pushed the door open, and came in and took the cloak off a hook, five or six people more were there; he came round the bar that is by the kitchen, and took the bonnet and put it on the bar door, and whipped the cardinal off.
Do you mean to say he did it openly before all your faces?
Yes; I went after him, and he dropt it.
Did you see him drop it?
I did.
Can you swear to seeing him drop it?
I can.
Did he come in softly or openly?
He came along the entry, he came into the kitchen, and pushed the door open, and came in; there is a kind of a round at the bar, and there were two cardinals hanging and the bonnet, I saw him, and he saw all us; I followed him, and laid hold of him, and he dropt the cloak immediately; he said nothing hardly, only that he had lived by thieving several years.
Was he drunk then, or out of his senses; did you see. Mrs. Napper take up the cloak afterwards?
No; it was brought into the tap-room by Mrs. Napper, I did not see her take it up, but I am positive it was the same cloak, I saw her hang it up, I saw it on the nail.
Where did you pick up your cloak?
Out at the back door under the bench, I have the cloak here now; he begged my pardon, and begged me to be merciful, he said he never was brought up to work, he deserved to be hanged years ago, he is a noted thief.
I was obligated to be at work, my master had a contract for government; I know nothing of the matter, but that it is my property.
My lord, I was a customer at the house for beer, I came in and said to the old gentlewoman, I want a pot of beer and change for a shilling, and the gentlewoman said you have dropt something, I said I had dropt nothing; then I went into the taproom, and the gentlewoman said that is what he has dropt; I said do what you will with me, and they took me up, and sent for the constable, he said I must go with him to the Compter; then I went before the Lord Mayor, he asked her if it was her cloak, she said she valued it at half a guinea; he asked her if she could prove I dropt it, she said no; the Lord Mayor said I commit this man to the Compter, they called the landlord, he said he knew nothing of it. I know no more of it than the child unborn; I have four witnesses below, I cannot read English, their names are on this paper, Myles, Daniel, Cole, and Hendricks.
Who put the names down on that paper?
I cannot tell who he was.
What are you?
A corn doctor; I have known the prisoner a great many years, he is my nephew, it is my duty to appear for him, I never knew him to be before the face of a magistrate in his life, he always bore an exceeding good character; I know nothing of the other witnesses.
This story is certainly a very odd one, that this man should deliberately take the bonnet off the hook, lay it down, and take the cloak, and carry it off before their faces, is something very extraordinary, and the account he gave of himself, that he got his living by thieving, and deserved to be hanged twenty times, is more extraordinary; the prisoner has given no answer to that, only one witness has appeared for him, his uncle, and knows nothing against him; you will form your own judgment of the case, and if you have any reason to doubt of the evidence you will acquit him.
how do you get your living?
By selling lemons, and sometimes cloaths; get 10 s. or 8 s. a week.
