I went one night to spend the evening, and I staid above my hour, it was past eleven o'clock, on Saturday evening, three weeks last Saturday. I spent my evening at Cloth-Fair, I staid till about twelve o'clock, or near it; I could not get home, I could not get in, I lodge in St. Martin's le Grand; I went to a house to spend the night, where I was to stay with this woman; I met with her in the street: I went to a public house in White-cross-street , I sat down and had a pint of beer with her; I got rather sleepy, and desired her to sit next me, to take care of me, while I was asleep.
Were you drunk or sober?
I cannot say that I was quite sober; and after I had sat down to sleep, I do not know how long I was asleep, but I was awaked, and alarmed, and a gentleman shewed me some things which belonged to me, he asked me if that was my property; and he said I was robbed of it. I demanded it, but he said he could not give it to me unless I did appear before a justice, which I was obliged to do, to get my things again. I cannot say any thing against the woman, she did not behave indecent to me; nor can I say that she took them from me: the man was a Peace Officer.
I am a headborough belonging to St. Luke's; on the 22d of September I came into the White Swan in White-cross-street, and going into the parlour, a person said come into the tap-room here is a woman robbing a man, the man was asleep, the woman's hand was round him taking his handkerchief which was wrapped round his hand, he had a lame hand; I saw her take the handkerchief and a clasp knife: I found the opera glass in her bosom, and a half crown piece.
Were not there a number of other people in the tap-room?
I dare say there were thirty, he was in a corner and she sat by him close, there was another woman but she went off. (The handkerchief and opera glass produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.) The half crown piece I cannot swear to.
Did you miss any money?
Yes, I cannot be sure to say how much; I know I had a half crown piece in my pocket, and some money.
Was that half crown gone out of your pocket?
Yes.
Did you give this woman any of those things that were found on her?
I gave her victuals and drink, but nothing else.
What did she say for herself?
She behaved as most of these lewd women do, rather impertinent with her tongue, but she was in liquor then, but she did not behave so the next day before the magistrate.
I was drinking in the house in the back-room; I went into the tap-room, and I saw the prisoner with her right hand in the prosecutor's breeches pocket and take out some money, she gave some of the money to a woman that was sitting by her, then she took a pen knife out of one of his pockets, that she put in her bosom; the next thing she took, was a spying glass from one of his pockets, and she handed it to a man in company and he looked through it and returned it to her, and she put it in her bosom; the next thing was a handkerchief she took from somewhere under the table, from where I cannot say; the next thing was a handkerchief from his coat pocket.
She did all this openly, and made no secret of it?
None at all my Lord.
What did she say?
She said nothing.
She shewed the glass to a man in company?
Yes.
What, and did this openly?
Yes, there was five or six in the same box, but some of them made their disappearance.
Was she sober?
I do not think she was.
Did you speak to her yourself?
No.
I was in company with the prosecutor, he desired me to sit and take care of him, I took the things out of his pocket, finding myself rather sleepy, for fear any body should take them; I made no secret of them at all: there were several people by.
