I am a clergyman , and live in Wilderness-row, Goswell-street. I was going home on the 8th of June, about ten o'clock at night, down Goswell-street road . In the middle of it I saw three men, in a place called The Hollow , which divides the two roads, the New-road and Goswell-street road. It was a little above the watch-box. I saw three men come out of that place, called The Hollow: I thought they had been playing at trap-ball; but they coming on with a little more quickness, I began to suspect they were something worse. I got off the cause-way, because it is very dangerous, the railing being bad. On the other side of the railing are clay and gravel pits. I went into the middle of the road. They met me in the middle of the road. I asked what they wanted. They said either D - n your blood, or D - n your eyes, your money! I replied, That you will not have; for I am determined not to be robbed by any body; much less by three such puppies as you. Upon which they immediately began the attack. I knocked one of them down, then another, who was less than the prisoner at the bar, and who I since, upon recollection, know to be Stevenson, who was convicted yesterday. This Stevenson was then just rising from the ground, after I had struck him, and was going to strike him again. Immediately a voice came, God d - n him, cut him down!
Where did that voice come from?
One of the other men. It must be either the prisoner at the bar, or the person that is not in custody; I do not know which. I held up my hand, to defend my head. The hanger cut me on the wrist, quite through to the bone. I endeavoured to catch the hanger, but could not. The tendon of my little finger is cut quite through; and of which I shall have no use farther than to clench my hand half-way. I immediately said, D - n the villain, he has cut my hand off. I thought my hand was off. I took out my handkerchief, to wind round it. I then found a stab at my back, which went through two coats and a waistcoat, and made a little scratch upon my back. This, I apprehend, was made with that hanger that appeared in court yesterday, that was taken from Stevenson's father. Finding I could neither offend nor defend, I called out to the turnpike-man; but I had no answer. One of the fellows said, D - n you, you may halloo; there is nobody to hear you. Upon this, I took to my heels, and got off; for I had no weapon of defence. I called at a house: a person came out; and I went in, and washed my hand. I wrapped it up, and went home, and sent for a surgeon, who dressed it.
Was there any light near the place?
There is no light, at this time of the year, but from above: there are no lamps.
Was it light enough for you to see the person of the prisoner?
I saw that person, I am pretty positive. I said he was pitted with the small-pox, was in a brown coat, and with his own hair. I had a faint idea of Stevenson; but when he came to the justice's, he had disfigured himself; he had had his hair cut.
Was it light enough for you to see, at the time, that he was pitted with the small-pox?
Yes. I could not see all their persons. I was employed in defending myself.
What clothes had he on?
A brown greatcoat then.
How soon did you give that description of him?
The next day. Redgrave came, and said they had got three fellows in custody, who were supposed to have made this attempt. I lost two quarts of blood, or more. I described the men to Redgrave: that there was one in a brown coat, marked with the small-pox, and wore his own hair.
How soon afterwards did you see him?
It was the 19th, I believe, that we were at Justice Blackborow's; and afterwards, on the 22d.
Did you know him then?
Yes. On the 22d, Stevenson was brought.
Did you see him by himself, or with others?
By himself the first time. The second time, he was with Stevenson: it was the 22d of June: and upon the 23d, Stevenson committed the next robbery.
Are you certain as to the person of the prisoner?
I have no doubt at all about it. Before the justice, he endeavoured to prove an alibi, but could not make it good.
Before the justice, he said, To the best of his knowledge, he believed, I was the person; now he swears positively to me.
At the time you was before the justice, had you any doubt as to the identity of the prisoner?
At first I had a doubt; but when I looked more earnestly at him, I was convinced he was the man; and I described him before I saw him.
I am a mantua-maker. I saw Mr. Penn stopped upon the road.
Was you in company with him?
So far as walking along the road with him.
In the same company?
Yes, I was. Just after we passed the houses, I saw these three men standing, leaning on the rails, looking into the fields towards the New-road. They came on. I said to the gentleman, I do think they are three thieves. He said, Do not be afraid; I will not be robbed: they shall not hurt you. I walked on with him. When we came on towards the houses, these three men came up, and used some oaths, and demanded the gentleman's money, or his life. He made answer, He would not be robbed by three such puppies as they were, and immediately struck at them. Each of them had a hanger: I took them to be sticks. Mr. Penn was struggling with them. I begged they would not hurt him, and told them I dared say he would give them what money he had. He said he would not. Then they cut him; and he ran off. I was left with these three men upon the road. Then they asked me, What I had got? I said, I had got nothing at all worth their acceptance. When I told them I had nothing, the prisoner at the bar told me to go on. The prisoner turned pale. I am sure he is one of the three. The other two were going to cut me with their cutlasses: the prisoner pushed them on, and said, No, do not hurt her; let her go: and then they told me to go on. I ran; and Mr. Penn had then just got to the turnpike: and then I saw his hand was cut: it hung back; I thought it was off. When they cut him, the blood flew over my apron and stockings.
Did you observe the prisoner?
Yes; I observed the prisoner and the middle one: the other two men were tried yesterday. I am certain the prisoner was one of the men.
I know nothing about it. I leave myself; to the mercy of the court.
