I live in Gerard-street . I came home on the 9th of April about twelve at night; I went to bed; about three in the morning I was called up by a nurse attending my wife, who was lying-in; she said there was somebody breaking into my house, or the next house; I had slept found; I rested a little; then I opened the window, and saw some persons were in the street; soon after, I heard a single tap at the street door, which I took to be a signal for persons in the house to come out of it. Upon this I got up, and went down stairs; I found the kitchen door wrenched off the hinges, and the kitchen windows had been forced; in the kitchen I found a dark-lanthorn; and, some time afterwards, there was a crow found in the area. In looking to see what loss I had sustained, I missed the buckles out of my shoes, which were standing in the kitchen, as I pulled them off over night; and there was likewise missing, a silver top of a castor; every place in the kitchen had been searched, but there was nothing in it but common kitchen furniture: the communication between the kitchen and the rest of the house was very secure; so that they could not get in, except by great force and noise, to make their way further. I was not disposed to enquire into these matters, not having sustained much loss, but I was acquainted by one of the neighbours of an advertisement. I went to the office; there I found the top of my castor, and there I saw the prisoner. I am very certain that at night every part of the house was fastened when I came in. I was let in by the boy, Joseph Francis , who sat up for me.
When my master came home, I bolted the doors after him. I know this top of a castor; I cleaned it; there is a dent in it, which makes me certain it is the top of my master's castor; I have seen it very often; it fitted the mustard castor. The outside window shutters were wrenched open, the wood of the inside shutter had been cut away, and a hand had been put in, by which means the bolts were undone.
At ten o'clock at night, on the 10th of April, myself, with some of the rest of the persons at the public-office, were coming up the Hampstead road. Near Mother Blackcap's, we passed the prisoner; I turned short and stopped him, for I thought I knew him; I found under his arm a brown bag, and an iron crow in it; and in his waistcoat pocket I found a flint and steel. (They were produced in court.)
I was with Jealous; I found upon the prisoner this cutlass and tinder-box (they were produced); I secured him, and put him into the watch-house; Patrick M'Manus directed the persons at the watch-house to observe if any person came to him, or he sent for any person. I was told soon after, that he had desired the wife of the man at the watch-house to go to Hannah Brown , a woman with whom he lived, and desire her to come to him; upon that M'Manus and I went to the watch-house; Hannah Brown came almost at the same time; I heard the prisoner say to her, Move off my things; I informed M'Manus of that; and M'Manus and Prothero and I went to the house where Brown lodged; when we got there, she was moving off some shirts, cravats, and wearing apparel; I found, in a drawer there, this silver top of a castor.
I am a misfortunate woman; I had the misfortune to be acquainted some time with the prisoner; I took him to be an honest man; he said he was an horse-dealer; he came to me several times; he had come to my lodgings about ten in the morning on the 10th of April; he staid there till five in the evening; then he went away; he was taken that day; he was likewise at my lodgings on the preceding day, about ten in the morning, and went away early in the afternoon; upon Tuesday, when he came to me at ten in the morning, he brought this silver top of a castor; he said, he brought it from his mother; I understood his mother to be a person that lived in a decent way; he said, that in coming he had broke the glass: he sent me a message, that something had happened, and he wanted a little money; upon which I came to the watch-house; when I came there, he desired me to move his things out of his lodgings, that something had happened with which I was not acquainted, and he wished I should not be hurt.
I bought that top of a castor of a peddling Jew.
