I live in St. Martin's-lane , I am a Taylor and Salesman ; on the 17th of September last, in the morning when I was at breakfast, my wife and me reckoned up our gold, and there was twenty-one guineas and a half, I then went into the shop, there was a gentleman paid me a few shillings, he gave me half a guinea to change; I called my little girl and bid her put that half guinea to the rest of the gold that was in the box, which would make exactly twenty-two guineas; it was in a copper box that we always keep our money in, in a cupboard behind the shop; there is no lock to the box, nor to the cupboard, but there is to the parlour which was locked and the key in the door; I went out at a quarter before eleven, and when I returned at a quarter before one, my apprentice was in the shop, and in the parlour were my daughter and the prisoner, they asked me whether I had any money in my pocket, I said a few shillings; the prisoner said then you have been robbed; my daughter told me the parlour door had been unlocked, and the box with the gold, and the silver spoons, and the crown pieces were gone; several neighbours came in, and they insisted I should take my lodgers, my journeyman, and my apprentice into custody: we went to justice Hyde's and from there to Bow-street: I slightly searched them; but the constable at Bow-street suspecting the prisoner, I put my hands in the prisoner's pockets and pulled out his handkerchief, his tobacco-bax, and his gloves, he took hold of his coat, I said there was dirt there, and he took a pen knife and ripped the lining, on the right hand side dropped out a handkerchief; that was the handkerchief that the crown pieces were tied in; I had forty crown pieces, and three dollars; the handkerchief is here, Elphinstone the under Beadle has it, there was nothing in it, I never found any more of my property.
Your money was safe in the morning at ten o'clock?
Yes, and at half past ten, if the girl put the half guinea to it, which I believe she did.
Then your wife went out, your girl was left at home, you went out, and when you came home you found the robbery had been committed?
Yes.
Have you any lodgers?
The lodgers go in at another door.
What lodgers have you?
Five families; I keep all the lower apartment.
I suppose your door that connects with your stair-case is always open for the convenience of these people?
No Sir, no access for any of these people in the part that I occupy, without they break open the door.
You put up this money yourself in the cupboard?
I counted it, and my wife put it up in my presence.
The prisoner had lived with you some time?
Yes, seven months.
Did you inquire whether he had been out of the house?
I understood a stranger had called him out, and he was out ten or fifteen minutes.
What neighbour was in the house with you?
His name was Elphinstone; he was sent for by the prisoner and my daughter before I came home.
How old is your daughter?
She is about fifteen.
Is she well grown of her age?
You will see her presently.
Is she a well disposed girl; so far as you know?
She has had the care of my house and shop.
Is the obedient?
She durst not disobey me, I will be obeyed.
Then she lives in fear of you?
She has a right so to do.
Have you ever had any quarrel with her to any extent?
Never, no further than is customary.
Has she any female acquaintance that ever come to visit her?
Very few, every body has some acquaintance no doubt; they are all older than her.
Has she any male acquaintance?
None that I know of.
It was in consequence of the frequent persuasions of the officers at the Justice's that you made searches?
No doubt.
Where does the man lodge?
I hardly know upon my word.
No property was found upon him?
No more than my handkerchief.
I am wife to Alexander Grant ; I know the handkerchief, I went out to the Seven Dials on the Thursday morning, and before I went out I reckoned twenty-one guineas and a half, and put it into a little copper box by some china in the parlour, in a little bit of a cupboard; I had forty crown pieces, and three dollars tied in this handkerchief, two pair of silver buckles, and two gold rings, they were over the china; there was half a dozen tea spoons and a silver tongs in a little bit of a milk pot; the cupboard had never a door; I will not tell any lies about it: the parlour door was locked when I went away, and the key within the door which goes into the yard. The handkerchief was a red spotted one, the spots much washed out, and a stain in the middle of it, and no mark; I have had the handkerchief ever since the 14th of July, I tied up the money that day: my girl found the handkerchief in the shop.
I was present when this handkerchief was taken out of the prisoner's pocket, it was cut out of the bottom of his coat by Mr. Grant, and it was delivered to me.
Who sent for you?
One of the friends.
Who told you the story of this loss?
The prisoner, and Mr. Grant's daughter.
How old are you?
Going on fifteen. On Tuesday the 17th of September, I was in the shop, my father gave me half a guinea to put into the box, which I did, and it made twenty-two guineas, I counted it with my mother a little before my father went out, about half past ten, and soon after one Mr. Watts a publican called on the prisoner, and asked him if his name was not Allen, he went off the board out with him, and staid about ten or fifteen minutes, he returned, jumped on the board, and called for a small pen knife; he asked what it was o'clock, the boy said about half past eleven; he said he wanted to go to dinner to the Half-Moon in Church-court with Mr. Watts: I told him he should not go before twelve, but he insisted on going; he said good bye, take care of the place: I was talking with a gentlewoman in the street, about three inches from our door; I did not stop with her five minutes; the prisoner went down the court to go into our back-yard, he had just got down the court to the part of our house that goes up the steps, when I found the parlour door open and the key laid on the floor; I told him I missed the spoons and money, he coloured, and said I was joking; I insisted on searching him; I found a handkerchief, a snuff box, and a pair of gloves; he wanted to go, I could not stop him; till a gentleman that lives on his fortune, that we work for, came in and insisted he should not go: (Looks at the handkerchief.) This is the handkerchief that our silver was wrapped up in, I found it in our ware-room the 13th or 14th of July; the prisoner was between five and ten minutes in the back yard: Mary Davis a little girl about thirteen, told me he was there.
Is the privy there?
Yes.
What was this gentlewoman's business with you?
To know how we did.
You never lost sight of the prisoner in the shop during this time, till Mr. Watts called on him?
No: he was out of my sight when he went away with Mr. Watts.
During any part of that time he had not been in the parlour?
No.
Then Watts left him, and he came back?
Yes.
Then sometime after that you heard from a little girl that the back door had been opened?
He sat on the board about five minutes, he went to go to his dinner, he went into the yard, he had not been gone into the yard above five minutes before I found the door open.
He was gone into the yard about five minutes when you went into the parlour, found the key on the floor, on the inside, and had curiosity enough to go to the cupboard and found what you had missed?
Yes.
You objected to his going to dinner?
Yes.
So much that you insisted upon\\ send\\ ing for your father?
Yes.
Did you discover your loss to this gentleman that came in?
I certainly did.
Was there an immediate search made?
I searched his pockets, and only found a handkerchief and a pair of gloves; I searched about the house, and nothing was to be found; there was a great bundle in the lining of his coat, but I did not search any further.
Did he resist your attempt to search him?
He said it was nonsense; he coloured and caught hold of a place that goes to the window and was ready to drop down dead.
Who visit you as companions?
None but a few of the neighbours.
A few young ladies of your own age?
Yes, and some older; I have no brother or sister.
Any young men that pay their visits?
Young men that speak when they come on business, but nothing further.
Do you know a Mr. Cooper?
Yes, he lodged in our house for some time, he is about twenty-nine.
Was he very free in conversation, did he ever speak to you on any matter?
No.
And you never spoke to him?
No.
You live on extreme good terms with your father?
Very good terms, I never do any thing much to offend him; he never displeases me.
Have you your own way?
Any thing that is in reason, I never ask any thing else.
You do not live in any terror of your father?
No, if he does not think it proper for me to go to places, he tells me so, and there is and end of it.
Did you ever hold any conversation with Mr. Cooper, about the property of your father?
Never, we have not spoke together for three or four days.
Then there has been a tiff between you?
No, I might not have seen him.
How long was it that you had known what property your father and mother kept in this box?
Above a year, the crown pieces.
Did you ever say to Mr. Cooper any thing like this, that, That money would much better become your pocket, than your father's cupboard?
No.
Did this man work in his coat?
Yes.
He does not lodge in the house?
No.
You told this gentleman after he had been gone into the yard five minutes, you went into the parlour and found the door open?
He was in the yard just at the privy door, he had the door in his hand.
It could not then have been so long as five minutes by your first account, from the time of his first going towards the yard, to the time you found the door was open?
Yes, it was full five minutes.
The day that the robbery was committed my master gave his daughter half a guinea, and said it would just make two and twenty guineas; that was about half an hour after ten; he bid her put it by.
Did he tell her where to put it?
No; he went out: and a man called Mr. Allen off the board, and he went with him down St. Martin's lane; he came on again, and asked me what it was o'clock, I told him, half past eleven; he said, you lie, you damned dog; and went off to go to dinner: I cannot tell which way he went, I was on the board.
How long after he went to dinner was it, before your master's daughter went into the parlour?
About four or five minutes; she calls to me, Martin, says she, the tea spoons are gone, and the sugar tongs, I made her no answer; I heard her and the prisoner talk very high.
Why, the prisoner was gone?
He went round into the yard, it was about five minutes after when I saw Allen, he went into the back parlour, round about by a little court that goes backwards.
He came into the parlour out of the back court, where the necessary house is?
Yes. I went into the parlour a little afterwards; the prisoner sent me to look for my master, the daughter was just by, I could not find him; then the prisoner sent me for Mr. Elphinstone, to get a search warrant, to search the house: the publican over the way told me not to go. Then the prisoner sent me for him again, and I went and fetched him down. My master came in, and I went for my mistress; when I returned there was a runner there, and we all went to Bow-street: as we sat there, one of the constables told my master to search the prisoner, and they ripped the bottom of his coat, and there was a handkerchief came out, and as soon as my master saw it, he claimed a right to it directly; the prisoner said he got the handkerchief out of Wiltshire, and he claimed it as his own.
Had your master's daughter been at home all the morning?
Yes.
Did the woman that came to speak to her, come in?
She came no further than the step of the front shop.
How far is that from the back parlour, where this money was?
It is not a great way.
How long did the woman stay chattering with your master's daughter?
About five or six minutes.
Had no body else been there before Watts came?
Only this woman, I and the prisoner were on the board while they were talking.
You was charged as well as he?
Yes.
Did you know where the money was kept.
Yes.
Did he know?
Yes, he knew it was kept backwards.
Did you ever go into that parlour?
Yes, they sit in that room.
What sort of people come backwards and forwards to the house?
Very good people: about a week or a fortnight before, the prisoner asked me where the money lay; I told him in the back parlour. After the robbery the prisoner wanted to go, and the gentleman said nobody should go; his name was Mr. Chamiere, he lives on his fortune.
Then it was the prisoner that desired you to go for Mr. Elphinstone?
Yes.
Did people come to the parlour for alehouse pots?
Yes.
A publican opposite told you not to go?
Yes.
What is his name?
I do not know.
Did you see the girl put the half-guinea to the other money?
I saw her go backwards, but whether she put the money there, or no, I do not know.
You did not see or hear what passed between the prisoner and the girl in the yard at the privy?
No, I saw her speaking to him in the back parlour, just at the step of the door.
What was the message the boy brought to you?
He said I was wanted, and he asked me for his master; and, then he came again for me.
Nothing was found but the handkerchief?
No.
Was the bottom of the pocket whole or not?
I cannot say.
Was your hand in the pocket?
It was not.
What sort of man was this gentleman that was at Grant's house?
A middle aged man.
To Kennaway. How old are you?
Fourteen on Christmas day; I have lived there about nine months.
Does your master keep any maid-servant?
No, the little girl does all that.
Do you sleep there?
I have within a week or so, I slept before at my father's.
Do you live on good terms with that little girl?
Yes.
Never quarrel with her?
Sometimes, but we soon make it up again.
Did you examine the door that goes into the yard?
Yes.
How near is the window?
There is just the width of the door, between the door and the window, it is a sash-window.
Were the panes of glass whole?
All but one of the squares, which goes on a hinge on account of the smoke.
How old are you?
About thirteen.
Wh ere do you live?
In St. Martin's Lane, with my mammy, my daddy is a coal heaver, and works at Wapping, my mother goes out to work: I mind my sister at home, she is young in arms.
Do you know what you are come here for?
Yes.
What for?
With these gentle-people.
What do you come to do?
I come to tell you, Sir, that I saw the man go in.
Do you know that you are to speak the truth?
Yes Sir.
I hope you know it will be a very naughty thing if you do not?
Yes Sir, it would so.
Now remember you have promised to tell the whole truth, be sure you do not tell us a fib, do you live any where near the court where Mr. Grant's necessary is?
No Sir, I live at the next door.
What was it you saw the day the outcry was about the money being gone?
I saw the man put his hand through the window and drop the key down.
What window was it?
It was a window, a little tiny window, that shuts and opens.
In whose house?
In Mr. Grant's house.
In what part of the house, the fore part, or the back part?
The back part.
What part does that window open to?
Into the yard where the water is.
What man was it you saw do this?
Mr. Grant's shop-man.
Did you know the man before?
I saw him working in Mr. Grant's shop; I saw him go in the necessary.
All that you saw him do was put his hand into the window and drop the key down, and then go into the necessary?
Yes, he staid in the yard about two or three minutes, and then went into the necessary, I was in the yard a playing along with a little tiny boy and my sister.
Did you see the man come into the yard?
Yes, Sir, and he was a good while before he came into the yard, he was in the passage as you go out into the street, then he came into the yard, then when he saw me he pulled his hand out, and went into the necessary; that was all I saw him do.
Did you go away directly?
No, Sir, I staid a good while after.
How long did he stay in the necessary?
He did not stay hardly a moment in the necessary; then he went up the court to go to his work again through the passage.
You never saw him go in, or the parlour door open when he threw the key down?
Yes, Sir, the parlour door was open, it opened, he did not go high any thing at all, nor touch any thing but the key.
Did he go in?
One foot was out of the door, and the other foot was on the step.
He did not put both feet in?
No, Sir, he did not.
He went back again, you say?
Yes, Sir, and before he went into the necessary he pulled the little parlour door to him, he did not go into the middle of the parlour, only to the door.
How soon after this was the outcry of the money being gone?
Not long.
Did you go into the parlour?
No, Sir.
Did you see him in the parlour afterwards?
When Polly Grant took him into the parlour, that was out of the shop into the parlour.
Where was you when she did that?
I was in the yard.
He got back to the shop through the passage and up the court?
Yes, Sir, he did.
You live next door to Polly Grant , little girl, do not you?
Yes, Sir.
Is she a good-natured girl to you?
Yes, Sir, sometimes; she always speaks very civil to me.
How came they to know any thing of your seeing the man?
Polly asked me, and I told her.
She asked you first?
She asked me whether any body went into the parlour? I said nobody but that man; she said what man? I said the shopman.
All that you saw the man do was put his hand that way into the window?
Yes.
He never went into the parlour?
No.
Whereabouts is the cupboard?
The door is one end of the parlour, and the cupboard is opposite to it; the parlour is about eight feet wide.
Concerning what the little girl has declared now about my putting my hand into the hole, it is as false as God is true; I will relate the case to you as nigh as I can: I went to work for the prosecutor about nine on the Tuesday, about a quarter before eleven he went out, about a quarter after eleven Watts called upon me; he looked into the door, and asked to speak with me; I did not want to have any discourse with him there, I had pawned his great coat, and I was not willing he should know it; we went from the door about three yards, he told me he wanted a pair of breeches; I was to call on him that night; he asked me to take part of a pint of beer, I mentioned a house; I came back immediately; he said he would go and get a beefsteak; I got on the board, and staid about a quarter of an hour; then it wanted about fifteen minutes of twelve; I thought I might as well go off and come to work before one: I had occasion to go up to the necessary, and by the time that I had got through the passage and into the yard, the girl was in the room where the property is reported to lay; I goes into the yard, and saw the door a-jar; I made a little bit of stand, and looked at it; I heard the prosecutor's daughter ask who had been in the room? the last child was in the yard at the same time; I said I wondered to see the door open; I went into the room; she asked me if I had been in the room? I asked her how it was possible? says she, have you not got out silver spoons and milk pot? says I, how can I? she said she was only joking; she said she would run away, and would stay no longer; I told her she should not go away, nor I neither, till her father came home: I called Mr. Elphinstone, and told him the story that I believed the place had been robbed; the publican came over, and he was the first, I believe, that entered the house after the robbery; I sent for Mr. Grant, who came in presently: there is one Mr. Cooper that lays in the same room where this property lay; Mr. Grant told me he knew who the thief was; I asked him if he suspected me? he said no: at last he divulged his mind, that he suspected this Cooper, who lays in the room where the money was, but works up stairs; the prosecutor got a search-warrant, I never quitted the room; I wanted to make water; I would not stir because there should be no suspicion; Cooper's room was searched, but nothing was found; Mr. Grant said I might as well go, and I went to Bow-street; there a man, named Gregory, came in and enquired into the affair; the prosecutor felt the lump that was at the bottom of my pocket before we went to the Justice's he said it was not worth ripping; I did not know what it was myself; after pulling all the things out of my pocket, Gregory said here is something here; I said I had observed it before; the prosecutor ripped it, and if it had been in the pocket he would not have made a word of the matter, but being concealed in the lining, he said I believe I know something of this handkerchief; I said I am sure you do not, it is a rag I carry meat in sometimes when I go to work; he said he would ask his wife to be more thoroughly convinced; I said I wish you would, I can bring witnesses where the handkerchief came from; I waited in the tap-room till he returned; he said we shall hear further about it, and he spoke very freely of this Mr. Cooper; however, we all went to the Justice's, and went through our examinations. Concerning this handkerchief, I had it, so help me God, (there is a just God that knows the secrets of every thing, I would not tell a lie on this account) I had it in my possession the Saturday before; I imagine I put this rag in at the top part of my pocket which was ripped, and it must go in between the lining and the cloth: on the Sunday morning I said to a person who will be here, says I, give me a needle and thread, this hole pothers me; I sewed up the hole, and by that means did not recollect any thing of any thing being between the lining and the bottom of the coat; and when this place came to be ripped, no more thought of any thing of the kind being there than any thing; I saw directly when it was pulled out what it was; he swore that was the very handkerchief his money was counted in; she said she knew it to be hers by the border; I imagine they washed it; they swore to it a second time after keeping it in their own possession: the girl starts up, says she, I know it by the holes in it; so I was committed. I hope you will take it into consideration: how can any person think I could rob this man of his property, and make away with it, and few this rag in the lining of my coat? I think it is something very inconsistent to think of any such thing.
I live in St. John-street.
Do you remember calling on the prisoner the day it was reported this loss happened?
I do not recollect the day of the month, it was last month, I remember coming and speaking to this man particularly well, I was not with him five minutes; he went as far as three or four doors, we parted, he went towards the shop from me, I asked him to come to the publick house, but he gave me no answer as I understood, I staid there expecting he would come, but I do not know whether he said he would or no.
How long have you known the prisoner?
About two years.
Did you ever wash any linen for him?
Yes, I washed and mended his linen a considerable time.
This handkerchief I have washed many a time, one like this, I am very sure this is the handkerchief, I may safely say about twenty times I have washed it.
Where does he lodge?
In Windsor court, at Mr. King's.
Where do you lodge?
In the same house: the prisoner lodges in the one pair of stairs, and I lodge in the two.
Are you married or single?
A widow.
Any family?
My family is dead.
Did this man at any time desire you to do any thing for him?
No, without it was washing or mending, or of a Sunday cooking a bit of victuals.
Did he ask you to lend him a needle and thread at any time?
On the Sunday before this happened he came to ask for his linen, he turned back and said, I will be very much obliged to you to lend me a needle and thread, dark blue thread, and a smallish needle; he sewed up his pocket, a slit was tore: he broke the needle and could not sew any more: I have the remainder of the needle and thread.
I live in Dean-street, Fetter-lane, I am a taylor, the prisoner served his time to me; the fellow handkerchief to this his mother gave me yesterday, she is come out of Wiltshire, but she was so affected with the circumstance; she could not attend.
Is it an old handkerchief that she has brought up?
A very old one, you can hardly tell one from the other.
The handkerchiefs correspond?
They are as like as ever you saw any two things, in holes, and rags, and every thing else.
How did the prisoner behave in your service?
He behaved very well.
