I am a publican ; the prisoner came to borrow half a guinea; I had known him but a short time, and I hesitated; he produced this bill of exchange in my hands, as security for the money: it was about the 29th of December; he pulled out this note, and I lent him eleven shillings and sixpence upon it; in a day or two after he borrowed three half crowns more on the same security of the note; I lent him half a guinea more, which I believe makes twenty-nine shillings and sixpence; he told me the note was drawn by his agent; he did not say what he was; to the best of my knowledge, he said the note was payable by Mr. Peters; not finding him come, I paid the note away to Mr. Warcup, my brewer's clerk; I paid it as cash; in the beginning of January it was brought back by Mr. Warcup, who told me it was a forged note: I knew the prisoner about twelve days before; I have the bill, and have had it ever since, except about an hour; I am sure it is the same.
I remember the last witness giving me a small bill in payment, on Tuesday the 2d of January; I wrote his name in the front of it at the same time; it was for three guineas; I received it in part of sixty pounds; this is the bill; here is his writing; I left it in a box which the master and I have each a key of; they send the bills for payment; I took the note back to Mr. Ball.
What did he say?
I said, it was a very serious matter; he said, I am sorry I took it; I must give you the money for it; but I will find out the fellow; I returned the bill then.
Was Ball ever taken up for it?
No, my Lord, I believe not; he came to tell me he had taken the fellow.
I was informed he was at home, and I went and took him.
What did he say about it?
He said, he wrote it himself; I received the bill back on Saturday; and on Sunday I took him at dinner at his own lodgings; I served him with beer; I went in, and asked him if he had not used me very ill, concerning giving me such a note; he said, he was very sorry he had been guilty of such a crime, or something to the same purpose; he said, he drew the note, and it was a forged note; that he was very sorry I was disappointed; but he told me, he intended to take it up himself, and I should have known nothing of it; when he brought it to me, he told me not to pay it away, and he would come and bring me the money; I had a constable with me when I took him into custody, and was in a great heat of passion; I did not ask him to confess, or promise him any favour.
I have often seen Mr. Peters write: that hand writing does not appear to be Mr. Peters's. (Looks at the bill.) This I believe not to be Mr. Peters's hand writing; it is not at all like it; I have lived clerk with him five years.
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I certainly gave this note to Mr. Ball, but as for forging of it, or knowing it to be false, I totally deny; and there is no writing belonging to me but what is on the back; I was appointed surgeon of the Scipio, at Sheerness; I went down to join the Scipio; a gentleman I owed a little money to, came and asked me for it; I told him I could not pay him, but I had an agent Mr. Stirling, I wrote to him, he went up and got the note, and brought it to me, with the acceptance as it is; I paid him twenty-nine shillings out of it; if you observe, the note is dated the 21st, and consequently was due the 28th; Mr. Ball says, I gave it him the 29th; I gave it him at eight at night, of the 24th of December; as to my confession, my mind was in a situation not capable of judging what I did say; I believe I might say so, on purpose to get clear of it; for when he came to take me, he said, if I could raise a friend to pay the money, he would not hurt me; I told him if he would let me alone a day or two, I would certainly pay him; and now at this moment, I do not mean that he should lose any thing of it.
Who is the man that brought you the bill?
He sailed for Jamaica the day after Christmas day.
Then you have no witnesses here to prove that, have you any body to give you a character?
Mr. Ball frequently repeated that he would not hurt me; there was a Mr. Robinson, an apothecary, present at the time.
Is this true?
I said, I would shew him as much lenity as possibly I could.
Was that before he had confessed he had written the bill?
No, after he confessed.
Are you positive of that?
I think it was after he confessed.
The constable ought to have been here who was present.
I expected that apothecary here by eleven, and a Mr. Cockburn, surgeon in Grafton-street, and a Captain Cockburn.
Do you know William Ball , a publican?
Yes.
Did you go with him on Sunday to the lodgings of the prisoner?
Yes.
What day of the month was it?
I think it was on the 7th day.
Tell us the conversation that passed between Ball and the prisoner in your hearing?
When we came into the room, the prisoner was at dinner; Mr. Ball said, Mr. Moffart, you have served me pretty well, to give me such a note as this, I had like to have been taken into custody upon it myself; the prisoner said to him, aye, aye! I am sorry for that; I think Ball mentioned the name of Mr. Peters, that he had been to him, and he denied knowing any thing of the note, and said, that it was a forged note; well, says the prisoner, if it is so, then I must pay you your money again; says Ball, says he, I would not wish to hurt you, but I cannot lose my money; and be like to come to trouble into the bargain; so that you must not be out of custody till it is decided some way; with that the prosecutor gave me charge of the prisoner; this was all that passed at that time; then I took the prisoner with me and Ball to St. Ann's watch-house; and in the way as we went along, Ball says to the prisoner, who wrote the indorsement on the back of the note? to let him know who was the man, and whether he could not be found; the prisoner said, it was no matter, he could not blame any body for it, but himself; that he wrote it himself.
That was in answer to the question who wrote the indorsement?
Yes, as we went along a little further, he said, he had done it through want of money; and that he should have money in a few days to pay it.
Are you sure it was the indorsement that Ball asked him who wrote?
Yes, he asked him that question going along from the prisoner's lodgings.
The question was not who wrote the note, or who wrote the acceptance; but who wrote the indorsement?
Yes.
Did you hear the prisoner at any time say any more about who wrote the rest of the note?
I understood him by what he said, that he meant it was himself wrote it, but he did not say so downright.
His answer, whatever it was, was in answer to the question who wrote the indorsement?
Yes.
Had the prosecutor promised him any favour in your hearing?
He said, he wanted nothing but his own, and to get rid of it; and he wanted to get no disgrace about it; and that he thought it was a good note when he gave it him.
Did he make any other promise?
He said, he did not want to hurt him, if he could but get at his own; with that the prisoner gave the prosecutor directions to go to his brother that lived down in Westminster, I forget the street; this conversation was at the watch-house, and the other was going to the watch-house.
Are your witnesses here now?
Yes, my Lord, all that I expected to come are here.
I live in Blenheim street, Oxford-street; I am an apothecary.
Do you keep a shop there?
No, I do not; I have failed in business two or three months past; I carry on business though in a more private way.
Do you keep a house?
No, I am in lodgings, in a first floor.
What do you know about this affair?
I know very little, except the conversation I heard at the Justice's; I was there merely on account of being robbed; I was robbed going home one night; I went with the prosecutor, Mr. Ball, who is an acquaintance of mine, to the Justice's; this prisoner was likewise a slight acquaintance of mine; and I attended the examination; I heard Mr. Ball say, that he did not wish to hurt him; Mr. Fletcher, who is clerk there, asked the prisoner whether he was willing to pay Mr. Ball his money, provided he was discharged; he said, yes, very willing; that he would pay it at nine on Thursday morning; Ball says, that Thursday morning I am afraid will be like other mornings; but he said, he did not wish to hurt him; Ball said, previous to that, in the office, that he would not wish to hang the man.
I live at No. 9, Gerrard-street, Soho; I am a surgeon; I have known the prisoner six years; he is a surgeon in the Navy.
What ship did he belong to?
When first I knew him he was surgeon's mate of the Hannibal; he was afterwards surgeon on board a fire-ship; I always understood he bore a very good character.
Will you give me leave to look at the note again; I did not know it till Mr. Fletcher told me, that the stamp was not a legal stamp; it is upon a twopenny stamp.
Did the prisoner ever at any time tell you how he had got this bill, or what it was for?
No he did not; he told me he got it from his agent; that he got it for his pay.
I can read in the note two pence for receipt.
We are certainly bound by this opinion to over rule the objection taken by the prisoner; but there is a question may arise, whether it can be a forgery upon a note on the face of it void? I shall therefore take the verdict of the Jury; if they are of opinion that he is guilty, subject to the opinion of the Judges, and shall consequently respite judgment.
