As I was coming along about half past 8 at night, by the New River at Islington ; I was going home to the City-gardens; I went the back way, and saw a man coming along with an hamper; I thought him an honest man; the prisoner was before me, I passed the man with the hamper, and lost sight of the prisoner, I missed him immediately after passing the man with the hamper; there were some hay stacks and a post; he concealed himself by the hay stacks, when I came up I passed him, and I walked quick; he run after me, he caught fast hold of me with both hands, and said he would murder me in an instant, if I made any noise; I told him, I would not be robbed, and flung him from me; I ran, and called murder! I met two men, and they asked me what was the matter, I saw him very distinct, I have no doubt of his person; the men pursued and took him, they brought him to me to the end of the garden.
He got out of your sight when he ran?
How long might he be out of your sight?
Ten minutes, I was close by home, it was opening the garden door.
Then it could not be ten minutes?
The man spoke to me, and ran across, and asked me what had happened, and I told him.
How long was he out of your sight from the time he ran away, till he was taken?
About 10 minutes, it was moon light.
How long might he be with you?
A very short time, I cannot say.
Are you sure he was the man?
Oh yes! his eyes fixed upon me so close, and by the moon, I saw him so fair, that I know him well, it shocks me when I look at him.
Do you recollect how he was dressed?
No, I think he had brown on, but it was his face I noticed.
Have you any doubt whether it is the same man that was brought back again?
It is the same man I am sure.
I am but lately come from sea, I went to see an old master in Britannia-row, and coming back, he said, we will go over the fields, and we heard the cry of murder! says I, I will go and see who that is, says he, it is a trap laid for somebody; I saw a man running across the fields; we laid hold of him, says he, gentlemen what do you want with me, I did not see the woman; says I, then you know something about it; we took him into the fields, he desired we would not use him ill, and we took him down to the prosecutrix, who we were informed was gone down to the City-gardens; she was in one of the gardens next to her own house; she knew him directly; we took him to the City-arms; he desired us to let him go, he said, it was the first time; he said, his master was a japanner and gilder, in St. John's-street; the patrol handcuffed him, and took him to New-prison.
I was coming from London, about half past eight at night, with the last witness, we had just got into the field, and I heard the the prosecutrix cry murder! in a little time after, I perceived this man run from where I heard the woman screaming, I and this young man stopped him, at the end of Colebrook-row; I was the first that came up with him; he said, what do you want with me, I said, why do you run away; he said, he had done no harm; we took him to the place, where we thought, we heard the woman screaming.
Recollect as near as you can, all you heard him say?
He said, what do you want with me; I said, you dog, what do you run away for, says I, you must have done something, or you would not have run away; while I was speaking this young man came up, and the prisoner said, gentlemen do not use me ill.
Did he mention any thing about a woman?
He said, he had done no harm to nobody, I thought it was a woman that screamed, but he said, he had done no harm to any body; we took him to the gentlewoman, and she shook her head, and could scare speak for affright; she said directly, that was the person, I was not with him as he went up.
I was at that time employed by Sir Sampson Wright, I used to have five men from the office to go along with me; we
had been about Islington, about eight o'clock, and I heard that a woman had been just stopped in the field; I went to the City-arms, and took charge of the prisoner, I found nothing in his pocket but a knife, and a few half-pence, I asked him if he knew of any others that were concerned, he said, he came out that night with intention to rob for a little money for the holidays.
Did you make use of any promises, or threats to make him confess?
No, he said, it was the first time, he acknowledged it directly; going to gaol, he told me of another young fellow, that had been concerned with him in committing another robbery.
My Lord, I was taking a walk that evening about Islington, and I took the prosecutrix for a woman of the town, I went to put my hands round her neck, and she run away, I did not intend to rob her.
