On the fourteenth of March, I lost my purse; it was past one in the morning; I was coming from Drury-lane; I went up a court, and a watchman met me and asked me what I had in my basket; I asked him to have a drop of it; I live in Mill-street, Dock-head; I was coming from Drury-lane, from Mr. Tobins's, shoe-maker, No. 13; and the prisoner and another met me; the prisoner handed the bottle to the other woman, and she handed it to the watchman; he handed it to them again; I found the prisoner take the money out of my pocket; I run after her about six or seven yards and caught her; the purse was never found; she was taken to the watch-house; I had the purse half an hour before that in my hand; I am sure it was in my pocket at the time, but there was no button to my pocket; I was as sober as I am now; I laid hold of her; as soon as ever I got up, she cried out, and called me audacious names; she denied having it; her brother came to my house, but I do not know the watchman.
I was coming along, and I met Mrs. Lewis, and we saw this man drinking with several girls, and he followed us and asked us to drink, and we drank, and the watchman drank; then he wanted to go home with me; he told me he had no money to give me, but I should not want for tea, or coffee, or Hollands; I said, I could not take him home; then he said, I robbed him of a purse, with half a guinea and ten shillings in it; Mrs. Lewis is my witness, likewise the two watchmen are here.
I live at a chandler's shop, in Drury-lane; I have lodged there a year and an half; I met the prisoner in Drury-lane; I saw her in liquor; I asked to see her home; I knew her very well, and there was a man with a basket and bottle in it, that held about three or four quarts; he asked us to drink; I told him I did not chuse it; he said, I should drink with the watchman; he took hold of it and smelt to it; says the prosecutor, you have no occasion to be afraid of it; it is brandy, and the watchman said it smelt good; then he followed us to Russel-court, and then he asked the other woman to drink; then he followed us into Russel-street, then he bid us a good night; he crossed over to the watchman and came after us, and said, the girl had robbed him; and we were taken to the watch-house and searched all over; he first said, there was ten shillings, then nine, then eight, and some halfpence.
I am a watchman belonging to Covent-Garden.
Who are you appointed by?
By the parish, I have been established these eight years, and better.
Who is the treasurer of that parish, who pays you?
Mr. Goldin, the corner of Hart-street. On the 14th of March last, about five minutes after two in the morning, I saw the prosecutor talking with the prisoner and Mrs. Lewis at the corner of York-street, I was waiting to be relieved by another man, by and by I saw them part, the two women walked towards Bridge's-street, the man crossed over to me, says he are you a watchman? I want to give you charge of them women; says I, are you joking? says he, it is not a joking matter; accordingly I went after them, and took hold of the prisoner and the other, and took them to the watch-house.
What had the prosecutor in his basket?
He had a bottle of brandy.
How do you know?
I saw it at the watch-house, I did not know what it was till I saw it at the watch-house, I never tasted any of it till I came into the watch-house, I tasted it there, I never tasted any thing in the street, he seemed to me to be in liquor.
Is this the watchman you spoke to first?
No, it is not, it is the other watchman.
I saw this man standing the corner of Whitehorse-yard; and these two girls came up to him, and he insisted on this woman's drinking some of the liquor, the girl refused drinking, she told him he was making fun, he had no liquor in the bottle, he said he had a drop of good liquor, and she should drink, I believe the girl drank some, after that they went into Russell court, and left me, I smelt the brandy.
You told the woman she need not be afraid of drinking it?
I did not tell her any such thing.
That is not true then?
No.
Nor you did not drink any of it?
No, I only smelt to it.
You did not taste?
No; my stand is in Whitehorse-yard, I belong to St. Clement's, I am appointed by Mr. Gregg, he pays us.
Do you make a practice of letting men and women drink brandy in the street, and go away together into courts?
He stopped these two women, they were going on, they were off of my beat.
That is the way you take care to preserve good order in the night?
They went out of my parish into Russell-court, the girls would not have stopped him, if he had not stopped them; they did not stop long; I should have moved them if they had not gone into Russell-court.
I hope the Gentlemen that appoint you will be informed of your behaviour as watchman however.
I was going to my day's washing, I live in little Drury-lane, at No. 16, I met the prosecutor the corner of the street, says he I want you; says I, in sup, what will you give me? says he, I will give you a drop of something that is good; says I, no, not without a trifle of money, that will be of no use to my children.
Gentlemen, in this case, the prosecutor himself does not appear in a very respectable light.
