I live at the Cock, in Oldstreet-square; I know the prisoner, I was coming from Windsor-town, and the prisoner and me put up together at the George and Cock in the Haymarket ; and we laid together that night, it was the 9th of February, I cannot remember the day; I met with him by getting up on the top of the coach in the road where he was, I had a bundle of cloaths in my hand, I missed my things, the next night we laid together, and breakfasted together, and then took a walk, I gave my bundle to the landlord about eight or nine at night; the prisoner wanted to stop two young men that were with me, and we went a little way, and when we returned back, he was gone.
Was he present when you left this bundle with the landlord?
Yes; when we came home the two young men and me went to the Inn to fetch the bundle, and he had been there about ten minutes before, and said he was come for his brother's bundle; his brother was going by the coach; the landlady gave it him; three parts of my things are here.
I keep the George in the Haymarket, I remember the prosecutor and the prisoner coming to my house, and laying there the latter end of February, but I cannot recollect the day of the month; I remember they both had a bundle, there was two bundles, and each of them gave my husband the bundle when I was in the bar, and I gave them again to the prisoner at the bar; he came and asked me for them both, he asked me for his brother's bundle and his too, there were no other bundles.
I am a servant to Mr. Newport, keeper of New-Prison, I was at a public house in Covent-Garden; I think it was the 10th of March, and I hear'd the cry of Stop thief! I went out directly and there were a great many people running, I ran after them, and at the Adelphi, in the Strand, the prisoner was stopped, and the prosecutor said he was robbed and brought the prisoner to Row-street, and there he owned that he had the cloaths, some of them pawned, and some at his lodgings in Bread-street.
What you taxed him with it, did you?
Yes, I went to his lodging, and found some of the things which are here, two pair of breeches, two shirts, and a prayer-book, one pair of silk stocking legs in the pocket, here is a coat which was at the pawnbroker's, the pawnbroker is not here, here is no handkerchief nor stockings.
As soon as I was committed to Tothill-fields, the prosecutor made a demand of 6 l. not to appear to prosecute me; I have witnesses that he made a demand at another time of three guineas, and one guinea the Sunday before last, he came down Tothill-fields, Bridewell, and called on my master before at Hungerford Market; he was to to have called on Monday on my master to have received this, I was coming up by the Bath coach, and this man got on the coach, and by drinking two pints of beer on the road we were acquainted; he said he had no acquaintance, he would be glad if I would recommend him to a lodging, I told him he might lodge where I lodged some times, at the George in the Haymarket, the next morning we went out together, and were out all the day long; I was his chief support all the time we was out, and it cost me a good deal of money that day, he and two more acquaintances, he said he received a letter from his relations at Leicester, that his grandfather was dead, and that he could draw some money from them, on these considerations I supported him till nine o'clock at night, and I left him and returned to the lodging where I was, and I asked for his bundle as he said he must go the next morning to the country, and I told him I hoped he would make some acknowledgement for the money I had expended upon him, and he said he could not without I stopped his cloaths.
I had not a farthing of him, I had half a guinea when I came to the Inn.
My Lord the prosecutor offered me three several sums to make it up, he came to me three weeks ago, and offered to take 3 l. and last Sunday was se'nnight he agreed to take a guinea, and then he never came.
Will you take him and employ him again?
Yes my Lord.
