I live in Fleet-street, I was robbed on Monday the 4th of April, about nine in the evening, about thirty yards below Johnson's-court , to the best of my knowledge.
Where was you going?
To Fleet-market.
Which side of the way is Johnson's-court?
The Shoe-lane side, I was walking down, and the prisoner and another young man taller than himself, stopped me; they rather past on about three yards behind me, and caught hold of me, and this prisoner took hold of my locket, which I had round my neck, and held it while the other attempted to cut my cloak off, I caught hold of his collar and held him, this picture hung in a locket to my neck, the string of the locket was broke, and he held the locket in his hand; I held him by the collar with one hand, and the string that hung to the locket by the other; I cried murder! stop thief! and about seven yards behind me, the constable got hold of him; I never loosed him out of my hand till the constable had him, and he was taken to the Compter; I kept the locket in my possession till the morning, and the constable has had it in his possession ever since.
What kind of a locket was it?
It was a miniature picture set in gold, a gentleman's picture with plaited hair at the back.
Who do you live with in Fleet-street?
I lodge in Johnson's-court.
Had you any conversation with these two young men?
I never spoke a word to them, till they were taken; I did not know them before.
Who do you lodge with in Johnson's-court?
One Mrs. Parker, at No. 2, she is a mantua-maker, I am a mantua-maker.
Do you work at your business?
Yes.
What was you going for?
I was going to buy some fish for supper.
How long had you been out?
I came directly from the place where I lodge to the market.
Had you spoke to any body before?
No, I never stopped nor spoke to any body.
Did they say nothing to you?
Nothing at all.
Sir, this woman that she talks of, keeps a house for these sort of girls to be in, and house of ill fame.
How many people are there that lodge in the house besides you?
There is a married lady lives in the house, and the landlady, and myself, nobody else, and she is a married woman, and her husband follows his business.
I am an officer, I remember an out-cry on Monday night, I was in Fleet-street, I am one of the City patrols, between nine and ten, coming down Fleet-street, I saw the prisoner at the bar go up to this young woman, and snatched a gold picture from off her neck, he made two or three pulls at it, and before he got it off, she cried out murder! There was another in company with him, and the same time I ran up and seized the prisoner, he opened his hand, and the prosecutrix took the picture out, and one of them struck her on the breast; as soon as I took the prisoner in custody, the other made his escape, I took the prisoner to the Compter, and desired the young lady to give me her address; she was scarce able to walk at the time, and two gentlemen assisted her; here is the picture, I saw him snatch it.
Please to ask her, whether she is not a common street walker.
If she was you have no right to rob her.
Do you know the young woman?
I cannot say I do, I have seen her in the city or Norwich, but I have not seen her for three years.
Is she a person of character or no?
I cannot say.
I was going down Fleet-street with a young man, I sell greens and potatoes with a jack-ass, as I was coming home walking down Fleet-street towards the market, this young woman immediately ran after me, she was talking to this gentleman, she immediately ran after me, says she, this is the person that robbed me; and this gentleman took me, I had a person here, but I do not see him now, his name is Badcock, a leather-cutter, the corner of Westmoreland-buildings; when I was in the Compter, a person came and said, that woman had served him so, and the constable had served him with a warrant, that he should not appear.
His name is Simons, the warrant has been out against him this month, I do not know who he is, I imagine he was the same man that was with this prisoner.
Do you know any thing of this woman having served him so?
No.
This man promised to come and appear for me, she swore he drew a bayonet upon her, and would take her life away.
Do you know any thing of this?
It is a thing that does not concern me at all, it is a young man that gave this gentleman the warrant, it was some time ago he met this young man, whose name is William Dennison , and beat him, he was going home to the other end of the town.
Did you ever charge that man with medling with your locket?
No, my Lord, I never did, he went to Guildhall to speak for the prisoner, and he was taken into custody.
What was he to have said for this young man?
Whatever he thought proper I suppose.
Upon your oath, did you ever charge that man with having taken your locket, or attempting to take your locket?
On my oath I never did attempt to charge him with it.
