I am warehouseman to Messrs. Websters; the prisoner was our porter . On Saturday morning, the 10th of April, I saw Clark, another porter of ours, reading a paper that was torn; I took it out of his hand, laid it on the counter, and, putting the pieces together, I read it myself. A few minutes after that, the prisoner came in; I read it over to him; and, after I had done so, the prisoner took it up, put it into the fire, and burnt it. I read the paper over twice; the prisoner's name was signed to it: I have seen the prisoner write, and believe the whole of that paper to be his hand-writing: the contents were in substance, as near as I can recollect, as follows:
\"SIR,
\"I have sent you 9 lb. of opium: if you
\"will call on me on Sunday evening, there
\"is 10 lb. more ready for you; if not convenient
\"to call then, call on me on Monday
\"evening, after eight o'clock.
The time he appointed him to call, is after they leave work. We had weighed three packages of opium, and let them down into a cellar; the weight was entered in a warehouse book; and on weighing them again, after this discovery by the letter, we found one package deficient 13 lb. none had been sold from that package. The saffron also had been weighed a few days before; and, upon weighing it again, we found a deficiency of 15 lb. the weight was reduced from 37 lb. to 22 lb. and no part had in that interval been sold. The resin of jalap was found, in the same way, deficient 4 lb. We found at one M'Millan's, a taylor, a large quantity of medicines. Mr. Webster asked the prisoner, what money he had in his box? He had only a few shillings in his pocket; he said, three guineas only in his box. Mr. Webster asked for the key; he was not willing to give it; at last he did give it: upon searching, we found a large quantity of clothes, and three guineas and a half, in the box; and in a bag, at the bottom of the box, we found 36 guineas. The prisoner was asked to account for his having so large a sum, after he had said he had only three guineas: he gave two different accounts; first he said it was left in his trust for a young man that was gone abroad; I said that could not be, for the man he mentioned was worth nothing: then he with-held his story, and said it was money he had with-held upon a settlement with his creditors.
I am a porter. I found the paper torn, among some other papers, at the end of the counter. I know the prisoner's hand-writing; his name was signed to it; and I believe the whole of it to be his hand-writing.
