The prisoner lived servant at Mr. Walker's, in Hertford-street . I am housekeeper; she was the house maid . I had the care of the things mentioned in the indictment. We missed a great many things from time to time, but did not suspect the prisoner, till after she went away, which was on the 17th of February. After she was gone, hearing something that gave us a suspicion of her, we got a search warrant, and went and searched her box, in Little St. James's-street; there we found all the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) She said that Miss Fanny Derby had given her the things as a security for some money she had borrowed of her.
Did you know that Miss Derby had borrowed some money of her?
Not till the prisoner told me of it a day or two before she went away, and asked me if it was proper to ask her sister for it.
You are servant to Mr. Walker?
I was at that time, I am not now.
Mr. Walker was your master, and one of the Miss Derby's your mistress?
Yes.
They both act as mistresses occasionally, do not they?
No.
Which was the Miss Derby who was your mistress?
Letitia.
You know that in fact there was money due to her?
Yes. She was paid it immediately when it was mentioned.
When was she paid it?
The day she was taken up she was paid two guineas, one had been paid her before.
Did she take her box away when she left your house?
She never brought it.
You had a good character of her when she came to your house?
Yes, from a silversmith on Ludgate-hill, where she lived servant before.
On the 28th of December a bill came in, I had not money to pay it; I borrowed three guineas of the prisoner.
What did you give her as a security for this money before she went away?
Nothing at all.
Did you never give her any of these things?
No.
Are you sure of that?
Yes. A day her or two after she left her place, I gave a guinea. I told her if she would come in a day or two, I would give her the other two guineas. I did not know of her having any of these things.
I went with a search-warrant to the prisoner's lodgings, and found some of the things in her box, and some in her trunk.
Was she present when you found them?
She was not. I took her up. When she was examined she said she did not take them at Mr. Walker's. She owned she took them.
To whom?
To Mrs. Walker, Mrs. Derby.
Is Mrs. Walker and Mrs. Derby the same?
Yes. She told Mrs. Derby she had taken the things, and begged her to forgive her. There was a gown missing. She said she would not hurt her if she would produce the gown, but if she would not, she would go as far as the law would direct.
Was that before the prisoner said any thing about the things?
Yes. I have had the things in my custody ever since.
I had the things in security for my three guineas of Fanny Derby till her sister Mrs. Walker came from Bath; then she said she would pay me; but she desired me not to mention it to her sister; when I was going to another place I told Mrs. Thorley there was a trifle between Fanny and me that I wished to settle before I went away; she said she knew it; that Fanny knew where I was going to, and would call upon me. I went to her on the Monday night at her sister's, and asked her for the money; she gave me a guinea, and asked me if I had brought the things? I said no; they were safe in my box; she said then she would bring the rest of the money on Wednesday. I was out on the Wednesday; when I came home I found they had been and broke my box open.
I was present when Fanny Derby paid her the two guineas; the prisoner said to her face what she has said now; Fanny Derby denied any such thing.
I am a silversmith on Ludgate-hill. The prisoner was my servant three or four months. We thought her a very good honest servant, and were sorry when she was going away.
She had a character to you from her last place?
Yes. She said she had received a letter from her friends in the country, and they did not choose she should be in a place of all work.
She had opportunities of robbing you if she had been so inclined?
Yes; to a considerable amount.
