On Thursday evening, the 3d of February, passing along Piccadilly , I missed a trunk which was fastened before my chaise. I went to Sir John Fielding 's and got information of it; and I saw some of my things at Sir John Fielding 's the next morning.
When did you see the trunk in Piccadilly?
I think opposite James-street; I am certain I saw it after I passed Hyde-Park-corner.
Did you find any of your things again?
Most of them.
What had you in the trunk?
I cannot recollect particularly, there were stockings, breeches, and a number of things.
How many pair of silk stockings?
I believe six or seven pair.
Any breeches or waistcoats?
Yes; I do not recollect how many, two or three pair of each I believe.
Any shirts or stocks?
Six or seven, hey were in the trunk at the time; it was fastened with two leather straps.
Did you stop at all?
No, unless a little at the turnpike. I missed the trunk between St. James's-street and the Hay-market. Upon missing it I immediately stopped the chaise. The straps which fastened the trunk were cut.
Did you see the prisoner near the chaise?
No.
Had the carriage been stopped by others?
No.
These things are mine, my name is upon most of them, they were in the trunk.
I found these things in Barnett's house in Mulberry-street, near Mulberry-court, Coleman-street, about an hour after Mr. Howorth lost them.
Did you find any thing else?
Yes, an uniform coat, waistcoat, and breechees, which the justice gave up to Mr. Howorth. When we went in Barnett was not at home; in about ten minutes Barnett knocked at the door; I laid hold of him and brought him in; his shoes and stockings were very dirty; I asked him if he had any thing in his house; he said no, nothing but his own; I opened the drawers and found a stock with Mr. Howorth's name on it, and I found the coat, waistcoat, and breeches in an handkerchief. He then said somebody had left them there, for he knew nothing of them, and asked his mother and sister who left them; after that he said the persons who cut the trunk off were at a house at Temple-bar, if I would go and see for them. I thought there was no truth in that. I took the prisoner to Sir John Fielding 's.
What part of the house did he lodge in?
He keeps the house; there are no lodgers in the house.
I went to see my children who are out at nurse; I staid there from four till eight o'clock at night; when I came home I found Carpmeal in the house. The things were brought while I was out. I am innocent of the affair. I was cruelly used when I was taken to Sir John Fielding 's. I have witnesses to prove that I was not at home at the time.
How came you to go to the prisoner's house?
When we have an information we go to the house of the people who receive these things; we know pretty well who are concerned together.
At what time did you lose these things?
I believe between six and seven o'clock.
On the 3d of this month I was informed that my grandmother was not well. As I passed by the prisoner's I called in to know how she did; just as I was coming out of the house, which was about eight o'clock at night, three men came in with some things and asked if Mr. Barnett was at home.
Did you see what they had brought?
No, they had something under their arms; I did not see what it was.
Was Barnett at home?
No.
Was it a bundle, or box, or what?
I did not take any particular notice what it was; as I thought it was no business of mine I did not enquire. I went away that instant as they went in. I heard them ask if Barnett was at home.
