I am the wife of John Ray . On the 18th of January I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) out of my room. At about half after eight in the evening, I went down stairs on an errand; I returned in about three minutes; as I came up stairs I heard my room door pulled to; I looked up and saw the prisoner coming out of the room.
Did you know him?
No; he was quite a stranger to me. He went up the second pair of stairs. My room is on the one-pair. I saw a bundle under the flap of his coat. I went into my room, and missed the sheet; I had left three hanging on the line; one was gone. I ran down to the landlord of the house, and said there had been thieves in my room. He came out and stopped the prisoner as he came down.
Had he the bundle then?
No; it was left upon the two-pair-of-stairs. He said he wanted a washerwoman. He was carried to the watch-house, and the landlord went up and fetched the bundle down.
Was you present when he was examined?
No.
I keep the house where the prisoner lodges. On the 18th of January, Mrs. Ray came down to me and said there were thieves in the house. I went to her assistance. I saw the prisoner coming down stairs. I stopped him and took him into the parlour. The lodgers up two pair of stairs cried out; I thought there was another thief; I went up stairs.
Did the prisoner say what he came into the house for?
He said he wanted one Mrs. Smith, a washerwoman. There is no such person lodges in the house. I went up stairs and found a sheet, a cloak, and a pincloth loose on the landing-place of the two-pair-of stairs. When I brought them down the prisoner said he was innocent.
I was sent for, and the landlord gave me charge of this man.
Did you hear the prisoner say any thing about it?
He denied it. The next morning he wished he had been on board the ship he came from, then this would not have happened; that he would make the people any satisfaction, and go on board of ship again.
I went into this house to ask for Mrs. Smith, a washerwoman. As I went up stairs a young lad ran down. When I came down that man stopped me. I know nothing of the things.
