I am wife of William Dermer , in the Strand , jeweller ; I cannot say when we lost our rings, it was of a Tuesday, on the 8th of last month, between seven and eight in the evening: I was called out, I found the window broke, and these rings about the door; they were in this case in the window.
On Tuesday the 8th of March, I was called on, by a friend of mine, who informed me the prosecutor's window was in danger; I stepped over the way, and I had not been there above a minute or two, before I observed the prisoner struck his arm through the glass of the shop window; I saw him take something out of the window; I immediately collared him, and took him within three doors of the place; there was another man standing near; I took the prisoner, and carried him to the prosecutor's shop; but before I took him, two others had joined him; I did not find the rings.
Did it appear to you that he broke the window wilfully?
Yes, Sir, he placed himself there on purpose.
I was coming along the Strand, going into the city; I saw four men about the door, and I informed Mr. Langston, and I desired him to cross the way, and I would go on the other side; as soon as he crossed the way the window smashed; but I did not see that; I helped him to secure the prisoner.
Are you sure you saw the prisoner at the window?
No, Sir, I am not sure.
When I was examined at the Justice's, he said I was round the window.
Can you say he is not one of the four men?
I cannot.
I found the rings at the door, directly after the alarm; the case was found by a woman stranger, in a line just by; she is not here; it was brought directly.
How many rings did you find loose?
Thirteen.
Are they gold rings?
Yes; and one silver buckle.
Are you able to swear to any of these rings?
Yes, I can swear to them all.
Is there any mark upon them?
No.
If they had been found any where else could you have sworn to them?
No.
Then you only judge from the circumstances that they must have been yours?
Yes; the buckle I can swear to.
I forgot to mention to the Court that the man's hand bled when I brought him into the shop.
I was going to my aunt's, in the Strand, and that gentleman came up, and there was a bustle, and he said I was one; I said, I will go in with you.
How came your hand bleeding?
This button broke off my breeches, and there was a pin in it; but there was no cut in my hand, it was a scratch; here is my hand now.
What way of life have you been in?
I am a shoemaker.
How old are you?
Twenty three.
Have you been working lately in your business?
My master died before I was out of my time; I work for myself translating; I have not a witness in the world; I have been a soldier in the Middlesex Militia three years.
If you had behaved well in that capacity I am sure your officer would have appeared for you?
I did behave well indeed, Captain Taylor is my Captain, in the Westminster Middlesex Militia.
