My house was broke open on the 14th of December. I went out in the afternoon between four and five o'clock.
Did you leave any person in the house?
No one at all. Before I went out I fastened the window with a gimlet in the inside and fastened the door. I returned between seven and eight in the evening as near as I can recollect; I saw my window open, and put my head in at the window to see if any person was in the house; it being dark I could not see any one. When I looked in I heard the noise of a foot twice upon the floor; I would not leave the window but called some of the neighbours to bring me a light. Before I could have a light brought me the prisoner came out at the window. I took hold of him by the shoulder. He desired me to let him go. I said I would not, I would know what reason he had to be in my house; I held him till some of my neighbours came to my assistance, and then delivered him into the hands of the officer William Whiteway . When I went out I left the under drawer of a small chest of drawers shut close; I found it wide open when I came home; it was on the ground floor; the rest of my drawers were locked. I missed the gimlet out of the window. There was a square pane of glass out of the window, and a paper pasted up against it. The paper was broke as if an hand had been through it.
How far was I from the door when you took hold of me?
As soon as he came out at the window I took hold of him; he hardly got off the window before I took hold of his shoulder; I never let him go.
Did you see him come out at the window?
I did.
I am an headborough. On the 14th of last month, between seven and eight in the evening, I took charge of the prisoner at the request of Mrs. West. I found a gimlet upon him, which she swore before the magistrate was the gimlet the window was fastened down with. (It was produced in court.)
This is the gimblet I fastened the window with, I know it by the crack in the head of it.
What did you find besides?
Nothing more but a knife; he denied being in the house, and said the gimlet was not her's, but he had had it sometimes. I do not remember that he said how he came by it.
That gentleman did not take me, I was delivered up in Justice Sherwood's office to him.
Yes by the woman and some of the neighbours.
You did not see him taken?
No.
I was going past to the tide work at Glasgow wharf; it was dark. This woman was sitting at the window; when I got about eight yards past her she cried stop thief! I stopped, and she came up and laid hold of me opposite a publick-house door. Some people came about and they carried me to Justice Sherwood's office, and gave me in charge to that man. I am as innocent of it as the child unborn.
To Whiteway. Did he tell you this story when you was charged with him?
I do not remember that he made any such defence.
