Gentlemen of the jury, the prisoner Francis Gray stands indicted for the wilful murder of Mr. Herd. It is impossible for me to say anything to impress your minds with a greater abhorrence of the crime imputed to the prisoner, than what I am convinced you now feel; it is not my province either to aggravate the offence, or to say any thing to prejudice you against the prisoner. From the evidence that is to be laid before you, you are to judge of his guilt, I shall only therefore endeavour to narrate the circumstances of the case under the direction of the court, that your decision may be just; and I doubt not but you will by your verdict, do credit to yourselves, and justice to your country. Gentlemen, it is my duty to inform you, that the most material evidence against the prisoner is an accomplice; and though for the sake of publick justice it is necessary, that the evidence of an accomplice should on many occasions be taken, yet the character of an accomplice is held in law so infamous in itself, that without such evidence is corroborated by other circumstances, the testimony of such a man is insufficient to conviction. Gentlemen, it is necessary from the peculiarity of this case, that I should trespass a little on your time, more than I would wish, in opening it for your consideration; and I must inform you of one very singular circumstance, which is, that two persons, who from the evidence of this accomplice will appear to have been concerned as accessaries to this murder, were on the clearest conviction of their guilt last sessions, for robbing, and most cruelly treating the Rev. Mr. Bromley, made immediate examples of publick justice. Gentlemen, the case that I have to lay before you, or rather the outlines of that case are these. On Friday the 17th of May Mr. Herd, Mr. Best, and William Watson their servant, were returning from Old-street, No. 85, to Canonbury-Place; they met four men near the Shepherd and Shepherds at Islington , who after many severe oaths, and atrocious expressions demanded their money, threatening to blow their brains out; they made resistance, and Watson the servant twice attempted to fire, but his pistol flashed in the pan; there were several attempts to fire on the other side, only one pistol went off, at that time no mischief whatever was done, the gentlemen immediately attempted to make their escape; two of the robbers pursued Mr. Best and Mr. Herd, and two of them attacked the servant, one of them pushed the servant into the ditch, after they had severely cut him with their cutlasses; at the time that he fell into the ditch he heard the report of a pistol: Milbourne the accomplice staid with the servant, and the others ran to the place where the report of the pistol issued: sometime passed, and then the servant after being robbed got up, and as well as his wounds and bruises would permit him, crawled in the direction that Mr. Herd and Mr. Best had gone before, hoping he was the only sufferer; but to his great astonishment, after advancing a few paces, he found a dead body laying across the path, and as well as the light would permit him, he immediately recognized the features of Mr. Herd, who was quite dead, with the upper part of his head blown off! Gentlemen, it will appear to you from the evidence of Milbourne, that the prisoner was the man who actually fired that pistol; besides which, I am instructed to inform you, that the prisoner at the bar without any hopes of reward, or fear of punishment, has made a voluntary confession of the fact. Gentlemen, if the proofs which will be brought on the part of this prosecution shall have sufficient weight on your minds, so as to leave no doubt of the prisoner being the man that committed this murder, you will, in justice to your oaths and to your country, find him guilty.
Do you remember at any time and when, attacking any people near Islington?
Yes Sir.
Who was in your company?
The prisoner at the bar Francis Gray , John Stunnell, and Joseph Caddie .
How many did you attack?
Four.
How did you proceed?
Gray was the first man who caught hold of one of them, and instantly desired them to stop, on which a scuffle ensued, and we all turned round to protect each other, and there were blows on each side, there was cutting with cutlasses; Stunnell had a cutlass, Caddie had a pistol, Gray had a pistol, and myself had a pistol, and I had a cutlass besides; the scuffle lasted for about two or three minutes, when I fired a pistol, in order to let the people we attacked know we had such things with us; immediately after I had fired, two or three of the people ran away.
There were four at first?
Yes my Lord, one run intirely away which was a lad, and one did not run near so far as the other, Stunnell and Gray pursued on to overtake those that had run away, Caddie and me was with the servant, Caddie came first up to him and pushed him in the ditch, slightly shoved him; I staid with the servant, and Caddie went on after the rest; I took from the servant five, or six, or seven shillings, a bill of expences on the road, and a soldier's pass or something of that kind, which I afterwards destroyed; I had partly robbed the servant, and done every thing with him, when Caddie returned to me, and says high over here, meaning into the field; says he they have done him, I goes over into the field, and he immediately says, says he, I had scarce got up before Frank shot him; he said, says he, he is as dead as a stone, says he I saw him fall on his back, he neither stirred head nor foot, nor made the least motion; we went on together and we all met in the field and were asking what money there was, and that; Gray gave me all that he had, which was two or three guineas, I cannot exactly say the sum, and there was a gilt six-pence; I asked him for his buckles, he said he had no buckles, he had boots on, and we we went across the fields and went to Gray's house, where we shared the money; we said nothing further about it, but I went home that evening; we met the next day, and we did not seem to say any thing about it, but kept it quite silent and said no more about it.
You did not spend the evening together that night?
It was very late when it happened, it was about half an hour after eleven.
You all came back into London, did not you?
Yes.
Did any conversation at the time that you joined pass, respecting the murder?
None in the least, we thought whether it would not come to justice.
I mean when you met in the fields, for you told me that after Caddie came back to you, and said that Frank had done him, and he was as dead as a stone, after that you all four of you joined in the fields, did any conversation then pass respecting the murder?
No, I cannot say particularly there was, we were proceeding on as fast as we could to get to the place.
Gray was the first person was he, that made the attack?
Yes.
Were you and your accomplices all close together when the attack was made?
It is a narrow path, but we walked one after the other, the people were all in company; I was the last, I walked behind, Gray was the third.
Did the other two persons then go past any of the persons?
Yes.
And Gray made the first attack?
Yes.
On whom?
I cannot say.
But you was the first person that fired, was you?
Yes.
How far might the four be from you at the time you fired the pistol?
About five, or six, or seven yards.
Then you fired the first pistol that was fired, did you?
Yes.
Do you know particularly what direction you gave your pistol?
I did it merely to let them know we had such things with us.
But I suppose that in commissions or acts of this kind, you are not perfectly clear what you are about, are you?
I cannot say I was confused at all.
I am sorry to hear it: then you do not know what direction your pistol took, do you?
I know it went wide from the spot where the people were, for it was not my intention to hurt them, it was only done as a signal to let them know we had pistols.
Caddie returned to you?
Yes.
He made use of no expressions explanatory of what was done, but that Frank had done him, he did not say that Frank had shot him or any thing of that sort?
That means one among another, such people as us, it means killing him.
Do not you apply the word in general to the act of robbing them?
Yes.
Not particularly to the act of shooting, do you?
No.
I believe you are servant to Captain Best?
Yes.
Was you in company with Mr. Herd and Captain Best when this unfortunate accident happened?
Yes, Sir.
Relate the circumstances as nearly as you can?
On Friday the 17th of May, about twenty minutes after eleven at night, Mr. Herd, my master, and me, and a little boy was coming from No. 85, Old-street, we pursued our way by the Shepherd and Shepherdess, in order to go to Canonbury-Place where he lodged, as we came up to the ditches a little below the Shepherd and Shepherdess, we met four or five persons, who passed us singly, we gave them the way, and they turned round upon us after they had passed us, with this expression, Damn your eyes I'll blow your brains out if you do not deliver your money; we defended ourselves as well as we could, and drove them off, beat them off to the posts; I had a brace of pistols, one man seemed more daring than the rest, he came back, and I could see something in his hand like a pistol or a blunderbuss, and I attempted to fire a pistol at him, which flashed in the pan; that was the shortest person among them.
Can you at all describe what sort of a person it was?
It was very much like the prisoner at the bar, but I cannot swear to his features, he was the shortest of any of teo rest: after I had attempted to fire my pistol, he attempted to fire at me, his snapped and mine flashed, after his was snapped, I attempted the second which flashed likewise, at the same time Mr. Herd and my master attempted to make their retreat and go away; they were pursued by two or three of these men, two of them got before me in pursuit of the two gentlemen, the little boy got away before the two gentlemen; as the gentlemen went away, two of the party followed them, and two stayed with me and cut me in several places.
Did one, or both cut you?
I believe both, they struck very violently at me with their cutlasses, I defended several blows, I was cut in my arm, my head, and my thumb; just after they had cut me they threw me into the ditch, and as I fell into the ditch I heard the report of a pistol going off, they pushed me into the ditch, one man left me, and another stayed and robbed me; the man that stayed and robbed me was a tall man, and very much like Milbourne; the night was very dark.
Had you been with Mr. Herd all day?
No, I came to fetch him home at night.
Mr. Best had been with him all day?
Yes.
After you got out of the ditch which way did you go?
I pursued my way towards the Britannia, I went about ten or fifteen yards; I saw something lay on the ground, when I went up to it I found it was the body of Mr. Herd, laying with his head towards one bank, and his feet towards the other, laying on his back as if he had been laid out; from the glimpse of the night which was very dark, I could just perceive the top of his head, and his hat was gone, he was quite dead; I took up his hand.
The persons all passed you, did they?
I believe they did, they turned round very quick and attacked us all just together.
He was a tall man that was engaged with you?
Yes, at the last, but I engaged with the shortest at first.
What sort of a man was the other man that engaged with you before he left you?
That was a shortish stiffish man, but rather taller.
Did you see the others that pursued your master and the gentleman?
I saw them come back, they came by me and run very fast.
Did they say any thing?
Not a word as I heard.
What kind of persons were they that returned?
One I know was a shortish person, and one was thinish.
You cannot recollect the features of any of them?
I could not it was so dark.
Can you tell me whether one came back first to the man that robbed you, or whether you never saw them till they all came by you when all was over?
They came one after another.
What kind of a man, as near as you can recollect, was the person you saw return?
I cannot say.
After you heard the explosion?
He was rather a stoutish man, and not so tall as the evidence.
I was in company with Mr. Herd when this unfortunate accident happened. On the 17th of May last, returning from Old-street towards Islington, we were stopt between the Shepherd and Shepherdess near Islington, by four or five men; we could not see any of their faces: they demanded with a good deal of rough language, our money, and fired; on which a scuffle ensued; they got the better of us; the man was cut all to pieces, and Mr. Herd was murdered. I retreated to Islington, there I alarmed the watch; I got two watchmen, and several other persons to my assistance; I came back to the place again, and they took the body away.
At what distance might you be from Mr. Herd when he fell?
A very small distance, about two yards.
Can you speak distinctly respecting the direction that the ball came from?
The person stood close to him. I saw the person was a little man; it was dark at the time, but I could distinguish him by looking rather low.
You are sure the person who fired at Mr. Herd was a little man?
A little man, I cannot recollect the features.
Did you take any particular notice how Mr. Herd was dressed?
In a kind of pom-padour coat.
Had he shoes on, or boots?
Boots; he had been riding with me that day.
He was killed instantly on the spot?
Instantly; he never stirred afterwards.
In that unhappy situation you was in, did you notice the persons of all the parties that attacked you, when they first came up?
I saw there was several men; I saw they were all middling sized men.
You did not take observation enough of the parties to distinguish one from another?
No, I did not.
I mean particularly with reference to their size, their features you could not see, they were all middling sized men?
They were.
I am turnkey at Clerkenwell Bridewell.
You must be very attentive to the questions I am going to ask you: I am going to examine you respecting the confession made to you, in the prison, by the prisoner at the bar.
Let me tell my own story.
But I must ask you a question; I must first ask you was any thing said to the prisoner, any promise made of lenity towards him, or was there any threat made him if he did not confess?
Certainly not.
What he said was perfectly voluntary and unextorted?
It was Sir. The morning Gray was apprehended, I received an order to bring the evidence Milbourne before Mr. Justice Wilmot; I went with Milbourne, and when the examination was ended, Gray expressed a desire to have some conversation with the evidence Milbourne; the evidence agreed to it. I went into a private room with the evidence, and Yardley, and the prisoner; after some conversation had passed between them, which I do not particularly recollect, Gray asked me how I did, I told him I was very sorry to see him in that situation; he shook his head: I told he could expect nothing, but to prepare for his latter end. After other conversation, which I cannot recollect, he said he was not so bad as some of the rest; and he mentioned a circumstance respecting Milbourne, where Milbourne had wantonly cut some people; and Milbourne confessed it. Then he referred to this transaction; he said that Mr. Herd had struck him several blows, that in consequence of these blows, he retreated back, and met Stunnell, he said, he snapped the pistol twice or thrice, and it missed fire; he told Stunnell how Mr. Herd had served him; Stunnell replied, we will go back and DO him; they accordingly returned back, according to his own story, and Stunnell armed with a cutlass, struck him several blows over the head, he snapped the pistol, but it missed fire; he said he desired Stunnell to desist, Stunnell desired him to stand out of the way, and held up his cutlass, and striking at him again, the blade of Stunnell's cutlass struck the cock of his pistol, and it fired: and that was the cause of his death.
What are you?
I am the constable that took Gray.
What passed?
What Mr. Fletcher has given an account of.
Say what you have heard?
Word for word as Mr. Fletcher has said. I asked him what became of the pistol after he had fired it; he said he threw the pistol into a pond; but he hoped if I found it I would not produce it in evidence against him.
You was near enough to distinguish that the person that shot the pistol was very close to Mr. Hurd?
Yes, Sir.
You could not distinguish whether there was one person or two?
I believe only one.
I suppose you would have taken notice if you had seen any body cutting him at that time?
I did not see any person cutting him at that time.
In the morning I was called up at one o'clock, I went to the Crown at Islington, I saw the deceased Mr. Herd; he had several wounds: one on his head, and one on his wrist.
My Lord, I have two witnesses out of the country; here is a gentleman in court which met them going home, which is Mr. Kirby; I had them with me two hours this morning: they are at the Four Kings.
