Last Friday se'nnight as Mr. Jones and I were returning from the city, about six in the evening, a man stopped me opposite Shoe-lane and asked me if I had lost my handkerchief? I felt in my pocket and said I had. I knew I had very lately before made use of it. He shewed me a handkerchief, and said I fancy this is it. I immediately knew it to be my own.
Did you see or feel the person take it?
Not in the least. I went back with the gentleman, who was Mr. Barrett, and secured the prisoner. I had bought a piece of handkerchiefs two or three days before; this was one of the handkerchiefs. (The handkerchief was produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.) There was no mark upon it.
You undertake to swear positively to the handkerchief?
I do.
I saw the prisoner pick Mr. Widnell's pocket. I was looking in at a window at some stockings on Holbourn-bridge when I first took notice of him; they made an attempt upon me first. Mr. Widnell passed by me, and the prisoner and another person went after him; I followed them. Just at the top of the hill the prisoner got close to Mr. Widnell, and as he hopped close to him, he put his hand into his pocket and drew out the handkerchief; when he saw me put out my hand to lay hold of him, he dropped it, and said, it is not me. I took up the handkerchief and went after Mr. Widnell, and we went after the prisoner and laid hold of him.
We first secured the other, he was a lusty fellow. As we came down the hill we saw the prisoner; Barrett said that is the fellow that picked your pocket, and I laid hold of him. He would give no name. The next morning he went down on his knees, and begged forgiveness.
How came you to take the other boy first?
I did not take the other first, I saw him and bid the prosecutor take care of him while I went for a constable. I pointed him out as the companion of the prisoner, I then took the prisoner.
I know nothing about the handkerchief.
How came the prisoner when you took the other boy not to run away?
He had made his escape; I saw him standing by Field-lane with some girls. I took him about a quarter of an hour after.
That was near the place where this had happened?
Yes, within thirty yards of it.
He had seen you take his companion?
No, I believe not.
Did not you take him immediately?
No, I suppose I ran about twenty yards with the handkerchief after Mr. Widnell. His companion was somewhere about Field-lane. I said this is one of them, and laid hold of him.
I am the father of the prisoner, he is turned of fourteen; he closes shoes for me; he is very diligent in his work. I sent him for some thing that I wanted. I never knew any harm of him before.
