On Monday se'nnight I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) out of my room in King-street, Seven Dials . I saw them there at two o'clock. I was working backwards in the shop. The lock of my chest was out of repair; I had taken it off in the morning and went up at four o'clock to put it on, and found the lock of the room door picked; the door was pulled to; I went to put the key in, and it flew open, and the things mentioned in the indictment were gone. My partner locked the room door after dinner, and brought down the key. I came down and told my partner, and we went to Sir John Fielding 's. Sir John bid us go round to all the pawnbrokers, which I did, and left a description of the clothes. The prisoner was stopped by a pawnbroker in Hanway-yard just after.
When did you see her?
In the office just after she was taken up. I never saw her before, to my knowledge.
I belong to the Rotation-Office in Litchfield-street. I was sent for to the pawnbroker's, the corner of Hanway-yard, last Monday week, about six o'clock at night. I found the things on the compter, and the prisoner in the box. I asked her if she owned the things, she said yes. I searched her, and found two keys and a handkerchief upon her. I asked her whose handkerchief that was; she said her own. As I was taking her to the office, I asked her how she came by the things; she said she had them from a young man who was to give her a shilling to pawn them. I asked her where he lived, she said she did not know. I asked her what trade he was; she said a watch-chaser; then she said he was a watch-engraver, and then she said he was a shoe-maker. She said he was a tall man in a great coat, buttoned up; that he was at a publick-house. I went with her to the publick-house, and desired her to show me the man; she said what signified her going in, perhaps he might not be there. I went in and enquired, but could not find any such person. She never acknowledged where she had the things.
When you came out of the room at two o'clock, did you lock the door after you?
No; I left Belcher in the room.
The prosecutor lodges along with me. Last Monday week I was in his room, at two o'clock. I staid no longer than while I ate my dinner. There was nobody there but myself. When I came out, I locked the door. When he went up at four o'clock he came and told me the door was broke open. When the prisoner was taken, she gave two false accounts of her lodging.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
No.
Do you know any thing of her?
No.
Are there any other lodgers in your house?
Yes. It is a lodging-house; the rooms are let out.
A young man gave me the things to pawn, and said he would give me a shilling for my trouble. He said they were his own; that it was no harm to pawn them. I went to pawn them, and the pawnbroker stopped me, and sent for one of the runners. When I went back to the publick-house, I suppose he saw the runner with me, and made off. I never could find him since. I know nothing of the things.
