Upon the 5th of August, about four in the afternoon, I lost my pocket-book, with three notes, out of my coat pocket. I missed it about twenty yards on this side Temple-bar . The prisoner was detected by Mr. Wilson, who was in company with me, and brought back with the book. I had never seen him before he was taken. Mr. Wilson has the book.
Price dined with me on the 5th of August, I was going with him into the city; when we got a few yards within Temple-bar, he put his hand into his pocket and missed his pocket-book. A woman came up and said she had seen a man take something out of Mr. Price's pocket. Upon that we went back again to my mother's, near the New Church in the Strand, and there we got into a coach to go to the Banker's for the numbers of the notes, and to stop the payment at the Bank. When we got to Temple-bar, a gentleman, who was in the coach, said he would get out and ask the woman if she recollected any thing of the man she saw take something out of Mr. Price's pocket. While he was talking with the woman, as I sat backwards in the coach, I observed a man stand at the corner of Shire-lane, with a surtout coat on; his pocket hung loose from it in which I saw the print of a book. I jumped out of the coach, with an intention of asking him what he had got in his pocket; upon my jumping out of the coach the man went through the Bar. I pulled my friend, who was talking to the woman, by the shoulder, and told him I believed that was the thief; we ran after him; the man upon seeing us run after him, ran up Ship-yard. I cried stop thief! and he was stopped at the top of the yard. I ran up to him, laid hold of his pocket, and took the book out of it; from thence we came back again, got into a coach, and went to Sir John Fielding's.
Who is that man?
The prisoner at the bar. This is the book, I took it out of his pocket.
This is my book; here are the notes; I cannot swear to the identity of them, because I had not taken their numbers. I had three notes in it, one of 50 l. and two of 10 l. each.
I was along with Mr. Price that afternoon, and Mr. Wilson. We were going into the city to send a packet to Birmingham. About twenty yards from Temple-bar Mr. Price said he had lost his pocketbook. A woman who delivers bills out came and said she saw a man at the gentleman's pocket, who had run up Shire-lane. Mr. Price was exceedingly frightened, and ran home directly to see whether he had put the pocket-book in his pocket or not. When we came back the prisoner was standing by that woman; he looked suspicious. Mr. Wilson got out of the coach, and said that man looks suspicious, we had better examine him; the man turned round and ran directly through Ship-yard. At the top of Ship-yard Mr. Wilson took hold of him and took the pocket-book out of his pocket. He first said that no pocket-book had been taken out of his pocket; but when he was before Justice Wright he said, he found the pocket-book.
I deliver bills out. I was standing at Temple-bar; I saw the prisoner take something out of Mr. Price's pocket, and then run up Ship-yard. There was a boy and he close together so that I could not perceive what it was.
Before the justice she said that she saw the boy pick the gentleman's pocket and give it to me.
I never said so.
I am a mast-maker. I heard the cry of stop thief! I saw the prisoner running up Ship-yard; I and a butcher laid hold of him, and I saw Mr. Wilson take the book out of his pocket.
I am clerk to Sir William Lemon . Mr. Price was paid seventy pounds on the 5th of August in Bank notes, a fifty and two tens. I made the entry of the numbers at the time I paid the notes to Mr. Price. (The marks of the notes were compared with Mr. Clark's entry, and they corresponded.)
I was going from my mother's in Black-friars up Fleet-street; near Temple-bar there was a fruit-basket; I stopped there and picked up this pocket book. I asked the woman if she knew any body who had lost any thing? She said, she did not. I asked several people; I thought to keep it till it was advertised and then that the owner might have his property again. I staid upon the spot near a quarter of an hour.
