I have known the prisoner upwards of eight years; she lived house-maid with Mr. Winter upwards of eight years: I am housekeeper in the same family. She was taken ill on the Wednesday, I believe it was, the 13th; she complained of a violent head-ach; she was not fit do her business; she went to lie down. At night she was very poorly: she got into bed, and was in a violent sweat. The next morning she complained of her head being very bad, and she was in a violent sweat. I ordered her to keep her bed: she continued very bad in her head for two days. On Sunday I went into the room, and perceived a very offensive smell. On Monday I smelt a bad smell in the vault: it caused me a good deal of anxiety of mind. On Tuesday I ordered a candle to be lighted, and went and searched it: I took out several things, and along with them a child. I acquainted my master I had taken a child out of the vault.
Was it a male or female child?
A female child: it was tied up in a handkerchief.
Did you examine it enough to see whether there were any marks of violence upon it?
No; I did not perceive any marks of violence upon it: I just tossed the handkerchief over with it.
Had you any suspicion before, that the prisoner was with child?
Her good behaviour caused me not to have the least suspicion. I never saw a woman behave better than she has done during the time she has served my master. I asked her, if she had borne a child? She said, No. I had not any reason to suspect her being with child.
Nor now you have not?
No.
I am cook to Mr. Winter. I lay with the prisoner from the 1st of May to the 13th of June: I never had any suspicion of her being with child till she was taken ill. I lay with her the night after she was taken ill; I had no suspicion of her having a child.
Have you now any reason to suspect that she ever was with child?
No; I have no reason.
Did you see the child when it was taken out of the vault?
Yes.
Did you examine it?
No: I saw it in the handkerchief; it was not taken out; the handkerchief was open.
Were there any marks of violence upon it?
I saw none.
I am a midwife. I was sent for to the Rotation-office in Litchfield-street, on the 19th of June, to examine Ann Foster upon suspicion of her having been delivered of a child. I asked her about it: she at first denied it; but at last confessed she had been delivered six days.
What did you say to her after she denied it?
I told her it would be much better for her to own it.
Then you must not mention what she said.
I am a surgeon. I was sent for to examine this child; but it was in so putrid a state, that I could not make any experiments upon it.
I am beadle of Mary-le-bonne. I was sent for to take the prisoner and the child, on the 19th of June. I locked the child up, and took the woman down to the Rotation-office, and sent for the midwife.
