I live in Leather-lane . On Sunday the 18th of March, at about half past seven o'clock at night, I caught the prisoner in my house, as he was coming into the kitchen where we were sitting. He had a candle in his hand: Mr. Braly and Mr. Brooks were with me: they came there to sit with me, because we suspected my house had been attempted before. The prisoner came as far as the door: we had a light in the kitchen; we heard a little noise about a quarter of an hour before, but we did not go to see what it was. When the prisoner came to the kitchen-door, we jumped up, and took him in the passage; upon which one or two men ran away. We found the street-door open at that time: they had opened it, for I had locked it about seven o'clock.
Had you taken the key out?
I had not taken the key out, nor indeed locked the door; it was only upon the single spring-lock; I suppose they got in by opening the door with a picklock-key. The kitchen-door had been kept shut; somebody opened it; we jumped up, and catched the prisoner in the passage near the door; there was an hair-cloth upon the passage, which I suppose prevented our hearing him when he came in. We picked up the scabbard of a cutlass in the passage: the prisoner was searched, but no arms were found upon him; but we found a picklock-key in his pocket, and a skrew-driver knife: there were three or four locks picked up-stairs; and we found the things mentioned in the indictment in the passage, in a bag as they now are.
When we went up stairs, we found the drawers open, and entirely empty. The prisoner was brought into the kitchen; at first he appeared much frightened, and could not speak; he was in a faint sweat; he asked for a glass of water, which was given him; then he said, he heard a noise in the passage, and came in to see what was the matter: the next morning he said, he came in to avoid a press-gang.
I was coming by Leather-lane, in the afternoon, about seven or eight o'clock; some fellows ran by me with cutlasses, and there was a noise; I found the door open; I stepped in; upon which these men took hold of me by the neck, and dragged me along a long kitchen; they frightened me; I did not know what they meant; in a quarter of an hour after, they brought in a bag of clothes, and said I was up stairs; one of the men said he left the door open on purpose to catch somebody.
Did you say you left the door open on purpose to catch people?
When the kitchen door was open, Brooks jumped up and said, You are the gentleman we are waiting for.
Are you sure the street-door was s hut, and the bolt of the lock shut?
Yes; I am quite sure it was shut; I pulled it to. There is a passage goes to a neighbour's.
Does not the door of that passage generally stand open?
Yes; but I am certain the passage-door was shut, because I was at the door at six o'clok, and shut it when Mr. Braly came to me.
It might be opened afterwards for what you know?
Yes.
What state was the back-door of your own house in?
I am sure it was barred.
Was it usual for you to leave your house on Sunday?
No.
