On Monday, the 17th of June, a little before twelve o'clock at night, I locked my door, and went to-bed; about one o'clock I was alarmed with a noise of some men coming up stairs in a hurry. After that, my room door was broke open, and the first man I saw come in was the prisoner, Jacobs, whom I was intimately acquainted with; I knew his person perfectly well; I saw him by a light which one of the other men who were with him had; I cried out, Murder! then Jacobs threw himself upon me, bid me be quiet or he would kill me, and I felt something sharp cut me in the face. They heard some people coming after some time, and they went off; but they took all the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) . I called the watchman, and he went with me to Jacobs's house, which was only three minutes walk from me; we went and asked if he was at home; he was denied.
I am servant to Mr. Levy. I heard the door bursted open, and heard my master scream out, Mr. Lazarus! I heard a man cry out, Be quiet, or I will kill you. I did not hear him afterwards: I thought he was killed. I heard a voice saying, Be quiet, or I will kill you. I took that for Henry Jacobs 's voice, but I can't be positive to him; but believe it to be his voice. I saw a light over the hole of the door in my master's room. The window was whole before; it was quite broke in the next morning.
About two o'clock, I was alarmed with the cry of Fire and Thieves! I saw Levy standing in his shirt, at his own window. He cried out, that they were killing him. Several Jews were about the door: they were afraid almost to go in. It appeared that the light above the door had been broken in. Mr. Levy's face was all bloody. When I first went in, he said he had been robbed, and mentioned the name of Jacobs. When he went to dress himself, he had lost his breeches. I afterwards met two other men with Jacobs. Mr. Levy said, that is one of the men.
I am a watchman. Mr. Levy asked me to go with him to the prisoner's house. He said he was the man that had robbed him.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
I live at the corner of - Gardens. The prisoner lives in the gardens. On the 17th of June, at three quarters past eleven o'clock, he came to my door. After talking together, he went home. He had no curtains to the window of his room, or to his bed. I saw him afterwards in the room, and saw him going to bed about twenty minutes after twelve.
Did you ever observe him go to bed before?
I never observed him go to bed but that particular night. I saw the candle too near the window, as I thought. I was afraid of fire, and opened the window, and asked if the candle was safe. The prisoner opened the window, and said to me, that it was. My husband was just got to bed; for we went up stairs together. When I was at the door, my husband was asleep in the parlour. I waked him, to go to bed. I cannot tell whether he was awake or not, when I got up to look at the light. I took notice of it when we went to bed, and told my husband that the light stood too close to the window. I then opened the window, and spoke to Jacobs; and Jacobs said the candle was very safe then.
I am a neighbour of Mr. Levy's. I went to the prisoner's house, about half after one. He got up, and opened the window. The prosecutor said he had been robbed; he took a watchman with him, and said he was going to the person's house, and if he found him at home he should think nothing of it; but, if he did not, he should have his suspicions. When we came back from the house, they said he was not at home. Then I went back with the watchman: he knocked, and said, For God's sake, look out of the window; there is a robbery committed, and they charge you with it. The prisoner immediately came to the window, undressed. He came down with another man, and said he would be at the prosecutor's house in five minutes. He came the minute we called at the window.
We knocked a considerable time before any body came to the window; and there was time enough, if he had been dressed, to have undressed himself, before he appeared at the window.
