I know the prisoner no farther than being taken up on suspicion; upon the 21st of December I lost one collar of brawn, and a barrel of Pyefleet oysters.
On the 1st of January, William Young came to me, and asked me if I had not lost a collar of brawn, and a barrel of oysters, I told him I had, he said he knew the people that took it away, I asked him if he would go and make oath of it before a justice, he said he would, we went, and got a warrant against three people.
I was at Mr. Hannam's house; I was going to fetch him a pound of tobacco; he lives at Charing-Cross; I was going up to Hedge-lane for it; he keeps the King's-Arms at Charing-cross; I saw these three men together at Hannam's, opposite the King's Mews, between the King's Arms and Black Horse.
That fish-monger's is Hannington's?
Yes; one of the men named Johnson asked me where I was running, I told him I was going up to Hedge-lane for a pound of tobacco, he asked me if I would have a pint of beer before I came back, I said I had no money, he gave me three-pence; I knowed the three men personally, but not their names; I saw them take some goods from the shop; I am sure the prisoner was one of the men; he used the King's Arms; I used it; I went on errands for him; when I came back from Hedge-lane, they were all three in Mr. Hannam's house, they were drinking; I knew nothing that night where they carried the goods to.
When did you know?
The next morning; I heard Hannam call the maid up to his room, and ask what it was they had got in the wash-house, she told him it was something she had got for these men to put in the wash-house, Mr. Hannam said do you want to get me or yourself to prison, he desired her to go and take it out of the wash house directly; she came down and asked me to go with her into the wash-house, I asked her what it was, she said she did not know, I went in, there was a barrel and some brawn I believe.
Was it one collar or more?
Only one; I took it out of the wash-house, and put it into the yard; about ten o'clock Messenger and Ralph Johnston came for it.
What is the prisoner's name?
Coxill.
What then?
They took it away; I don't know what became of it.
Did you see what they took from Hannington's?
I saw them take away a barrel, what it was I did not know, I did not know the name of the other thing.
Did you ever see the brawn after?
No; I never heard of it till the 1st of January.
I am a soldier; I was going by when the things were taken away, I had no notice till they took it out; I saw one cask and some brawn, I did not know the name of it.
You had some notice before of it?
No.
You did not ask for a share in the booty?
No.
Nor money?
No; - it was not the prisoner that gave me the money, the prisoner was in the street with the rest.
Did you ever call another person, and tell him you wanted him to give evidence against him?
No.
What did you do in consequence of suspicion, you gave no information of it to any body?
No.
Did you drink with the prisoner afterwards?
I don't recollect; I was in the same house with him some days after.
Did any thing happen between you and the prisoner to make this complaint?
He struck me, and called me bloody Scotch thief, I desired him to put his hand on his mouth; this was some days after.
Did not you say he might be a thief all his life, if he had not struck you?
No, I did not.
Nor that you would take care to do for him?
No, I did not.
Would you have prosecuted this man, if this quarrel had not happened between you?
I don't know that I would.
Did not you say so last night?
No.
I am a servant to Mr. Hannam, I know the last witness well.
Did he at any time call you to him respecting this matter before the Court?
Yes; he took me out, and persuaded me to go with him.
When?
Upon New-year's day.
Did he tell you he wanted you to give evidence against the prisoner, or words to that effect?
He did; he should get some money by it.
What did he say to you?
He advised me to go over the way to Mr. Hannington, the fishmonger.
To do what?
To swear against that man.
What was you to swear?
That I knew that the goods were taken away from Mr. Hannington's.
Did he offer you any reward or money for the purpose?
Mr. Hannington gave me six-pence.
You went to Hannington?
Yes; and Hannington gave me six-pence.
When there what did you do?
That man asked me to describe the person, what his name was, I said Henry Coxill.
How did he describe the prisoner?
A man with a blue coat on, and a red collar; it was the same evening the battle happened, I was surprised at the requisition, and when I went up to the Justice's, I would not swear against him, as I knew him to be innocent, because he was present at the same house I was all the evening.
You recollect perfectly well, the last witness Young told you, if you would swear against him you would get money by him?
Yes; I was present with him the whole evening, and I know him to be innocent.
How do you know he was innocent?
He was never out of the house, but sitting asleep from five o'clock till half after ten in Hannam's house, the King's Arms at Charing Cross. Young told me he should not have prosecuted, if it had not been for this quarrel.
He was sitting in the King's Arms at Charing Cross the whole evening?
Yes.
From what time to what time?
From five o'clock, I never was out the whole evening, nor the prisoner at the bar.
Why did not you say, I am sure that cannot be true, as I was with him the whole evening?
He inveigled me away; I went in and sat down, he called me out again.
Why did you go to tell a thing you knew was not true?
When I went to Justice Hyde's, I would not take an oath against him, I knew he was innocent.
This John Gray came to me, and told me the three prisoners names were Ralph Johnson , William Messenger , and this Coxill; they came into my little parlour that adjoins to the shop.
He did not give you any evidence of the robbery?
No, he did not; he said the goods were at Hannam's house, and those three men were the men that robbed me.
That his suspicions led him to think so?
He said so that night, the first of January. We had a warrant drawn out for three people, their names not known, and Young, the soldier, brought this man over, and he said it was Henry Coxill , Ralph Johnson , and William Messenger.
The names of who or what?
The three men that robbed me.
Did he say the same at Hyde's?
He never was asked any questions at Hyde's; he went with me to take Messenger, and we could not take him.
I know the prisoner at the bar very well.
Was you with him on the 21st of December?
Yes.
Where?
At Mr. Hannam's, the King's Arms, from five till half after ten, he was in my company all that time, and asleep by the fire side.
Are you sure he never was out of the house?
He was never out of the house the whole time; he had not been in it five minutes before he fell asleep.
You know the prisoner perfectly well?
Yes.
What are you?
A Butcher.
I am a dealer in cloaths; I know the prisoner perfectly well.
Where was he on the 21st of December?
At half past six I was at the King's Head, Charing Cross, there I remained till half after ten; Coxill was in the house when I came in, and I left him there when I went away, at half after ten; I was in the taproom, and he likewise in the tap-room the whole time; I am sure he was there at half past six, when I came in, and there when I went away.
Are you sure he never was out for half an hour, or a quarter of an hour during that time?
I cannot tell that; the major part of the time I am sure he was in, when I went away he was asleep, with his head against the fire place.
Are you sure he could not have been out for a quarter of an hour?
I am sure he could not; he never waked, he was asleep the whole time.
You are sure he never was absent?
He never was awake, but asleep the whole time.
You are sure of that?
I am confident of it.
