I am an enameller and have some fortune which I live upon. I live at Ratcliffe Cross, but I have a lodging in t he city. I ordered the boy to tie up my linen and carry it to my washerwoman; I think it was on the 30th of July. On the 14th of July in the morning I was informed my boy had been robbed of the linen, and that the robber was in custody.
How old are you?
Between nine and ten.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
Yes; if I tell lies I shall go to hell.
Was you told to say so?
Yes.
Who told you so?
The constable.
Do you know it is your duty, if sworn, to speak the truth and the whole truth?
Yes, and then I shall go heaven.
How long have you lived with Mr. Lloyd?
I believe I have lived there eight months.
Did you go in July last with his linen any where?
I have been with it ever since I lived with that gentleman; this was on a Thursday night; I do not know how long ago; there were four of them met me in Gray's Inn-lane; two of them parted with the others in Gray's Inn-lane, and went up towards Holbourn; the other two followed me from Gray's Inn-lane to the Spa-fields; in the Spa-fields they met the other two again; they dodged me.
If they followed you they were behind you?
They came up behind me in the Spa-fields and one laid hold of my neck that I could not speak, while the others took the things from me.
Did he say any thing to you?
Nothing at all.
Did you say any thing to them?
No; when they took the bundle away I ran after them and cried stop thief! they ran towards the turnpike; a gentlewoman at the turnpike stopped the prisoner and asked him if he had taken any thing from that child who was crying thieves and murder? He said no, hang me; and in about five minutes after he said, indeed it was not me. The gentlewoman said it was, and then he threw down the bundle.
You did not see him drop the bundle?
No; he threw down the bundle before I got to him; when I came up the gentlewoman had the bundle, and the turnpike man had stopped him; then Musgrove, the constable came and took him to prison.
Had you any talk with them in Gray's Inn-lane?
They said they would cut my throat if I did not give them the bundle; they had a knife.
What time was this?
Between nine and ten at night.
How came you to go on after they said that?
I went on; I would not give them the bundle; I walked as fast as I could; I did not think they would follow me; I did not see them follow me; I did not see them again till I got into the Spa-fields, but I did not properly see them then for they came behind me.
How came you not to call for assistance in Gray's Inn-lane?
I did not think they would follow me.
Had you taken any notice of their faces in Gray's Inn-lane?
No.
In Spa-fields, it was dark?
Yes.
You could not see them distinctly?
No, I could hardly see them.
How far was it from the turnpike?
Not far.
Did you see him stopped?
No; they told me he was stopped; just as I got to the bottom of the field he was out of my sight.
What makes you think that he is the man?
Because I saw him in the prison and knew him to be the man, and I saw him at the turnpike.
Suppose you had seen him any where else and the bundle had not been found should you have known him?
No; I did not take notice of him; all I know is that that is the man I saw at the turnpike.
Did you see enough of him in Gray's Inn-lane, and when he took the bundle, to know him again?
Yes; he stopped me in Spa-fields.
Did they do you any hurt?
They pinched me.
It was the other man who pinched you, not this?
Yes.
As stout a man as this?
No; he was not so big; he ran the other way; there was a shirt and stock in the bundle.
I was going across the field and heard somebody cry out stop thief; there were two men running across the field; I ran away for fear they should think it was me.
I live in Tailor's-court, Islington-road, close to the turnpike. On the 13th of July I saw the prisoner between nine and ten o'clock; he was running along out of the Spa-fields towards the turnpike.
Did you see a little boy there?
No, I did not see the child but I heard him cry out murder and stop thief! I went across the road and saw the prisoner. I asked him if he had taken any thing from the child who cried murder and stop thief? He said he had not, indeed. I said he had. Then he dropped the bundle; I picked it up and called stop thief! and the turnpike man stopped him directly.
How long was it before the boy came up?
Not two minutes; I heard him crying, and told him the man was taken; this is the bundle (producing it)
Did you say any thing to the boy when he came up?
I told him I had got the bundle, and the man was stopped; and he went and fetched his mother, who lived just by; the turnpike man asked him if that was the man? He said it was.
To Bolton. What was the shirt and stock in?
A bit of cheque rag; this is it.
This is my property; it has the initials of my name upon it; it is the same shirt I delivered to the boy that afternoon.
I keep the turnpike at St. John's-street. Between nine and ten o'clock I heard the cry of stop thief! I ran out and saw the prisoner running towards the gate. I unlocked the gate and laid hold of him; in about two minutes after the little boy came up and said, he was the man, he could swear to him. I delivered him to two grenadiers, who came up, till a constable was sent for.
I am a constable; I was sent for; the soldiers delivered the prisoner to me.
This gentlewoman put it into the boy's head else he could not swear to me; the justice said if she swore to me she would be rewarded for her trouble.
He said no such thing.
