I am a porter ; the prisoner robbed me on the 29th of December , between the hours of eight and nine in the evening, I was sent to Islington by my masters Mott and Harris, from the Castle and Falcon, Aldersgate-street, with a basket and a cloth, the basket contained two geese, and the cloth one, the property of Mott and Harris; going up the Goswell-street road I met with this man and another, this man followed me, and presented a pistol to the side of my head, he said nothing; I up with my hand, and asked if he was going to rob or murder me, I called out murder, the pistol not going off, he throw'd it away with his right hand; I am not certain whether it flashed or not; he catched hold of the goods, and pulled them from under my arm; he said nothing all the while; I collared him, and in the scuffle he chucks the goods down, and said to the other, damn your eyes, why don't you pick up the basket? at the same time we both fell to the ground; his companion picked up the basket; stepping out of the road on the path-way I caught hold of the companion's leg, and threw him down as he was stepping out of the road, he jumps up, and ran away; he left the goods, and a young man came to my assistance; he asked me what was the matter; I had hold of the prisoner at the same time; I had the prisoner by the collar; it is the same man; the young man picks up the things; I asked him to lay hold of one side; we sent for a constable from the Blue-Coat-Boy, where we carried him; we found powder and ball about him, and we conducted him to prison.
Whether he shoved against me by the lamp-post?
No, my lord.
Whether ever I cockt a pistol at his head?
I cannot say whether he did or not.
I never attempted to touch him.
I had been out with a pint of beer, and was coming home, I heard murder cried much; there was two of them, Riley and his companion, and this gentleman they were robbing of; they were husling the prosecutor and Riley, I asked the young man, the prosecutor, what was the matter, he told me they had robbed him, that one was gone off; the prisoner was seized, and he never let him go; he charged the prisoner with an intent to rob him; he said nothing; he took him up to the Blue-Coat-Boy; they searched him there, and found powder and ball on him; a pistol was found opposite the place.
I found it; I am a watchman; I found this pistol.
Whether I picked him up myself off the ground, and the last witness, this watchman, came up, and I never stirred.
He did not.
I know nothing farther than finding the pistol; I was called up to take charge of him till they could get an officer; after they took the shot from him, they tied him, and carried him to prison; we could not find the pistol that night, the next day I found a pistol in the middle of the road; ten yards from the place; the cock was down and the hammer up.
Is that a proof it had been snapped?
It is in the same manner I found it; there is a small ball within side; I found it in the Goswel-street road, loaded.
One of the witnesses said a ball; I want to ask whether it was loaded with shot or ball?
That is what I found in it.
I never robbed him nor any man in my life.
I found about twenty-to of the same size ball in his pocket; I was sent for to the Blue-Coat-Boy; he put his hand in his pocket, and throwed them about the tap-room; I secured his hand, and took the others out of his left hand pocket.
