I am a hair-dresser . Last Tuesday, I went to dinner with an acquaintance, at the Cross-Keys, Marybone. We both got so drunk, we were not able to get home. The watchman, I believe, found us asleep. I found myself on Wednesday morning in my own bed.
Who was the person that was with you?
Edward Carrons , a cabinet-maker.
On Tuesday night, the 16th of October, coming home, about half after twelve, or near upon one o'clock, in the morning, I saw Guy lying upon a bench, at the corner of Bentinck-street, insensibly drunk. I gave a person sixpence, to fetch a coach for him. He was put into the coach, by the help of the watchman. Some time after he had been in the coach, the prisoner, who was the coachman, went into the coach, and I saw him take Guy's watch out of his fob, and put it into his breast pocket: that was before the coach went on. I stood on the step, upon the pavement, at a public-house door. I challenged the prisoner with it, and he gave it me from an inside pocket of his great coat. He drove his coach to the watch-house, and willingly gave himself up into custody.
I saw Guy handed into the coach, by the last witness, and the watchman. His watch was in his pocket. As the coachman came out, the gentleman said, You have robbed the man of his watch. He pulled the watch out, and gave it to the gentleman.
I am a coachman. I was sent for. This gentleman helped me to lift the man into the coach. He was never on the coach-seat. He was in the bottom. His watch fell out of his pocket. I took it up, and put it into my great-coat pocket. When I came out of the coach, the gentleman said, I had the watch. I said, if he was his friend, he might take the watch, and I gave it him.
I am a stable-keeper, in Marybone-lane. I have known the prisoner some years. I was present part of the time. There was a noise. I came out, and heard the man say he did not mean to keep the watch, but to take care of it for the man. It was then in Mr. Witty's hand. I have known him ten years. He bore a very good character.
You know of his living in respectable families, as a coachman?
Yes.
Do you know he lived two years with Mr. Howorth, the counsel?
I know he lived with a counsellor, but I do not know the gentleman's name.
I went up to Mr. Witty, and said, What is the matter? He had the prisoner by the collar. He said, You have robbed that man of his watch. He said, No, I have not robbed the man of his watch: if you are his friend, here it is. I said to Mr. Witty, If you mean to swear to his robbing the man of the watch, you had better charge the watch with him. He said, So I will. The coachman said, Where will you have me go to? He said, To the watch-house. He drove directly to the watch-house. I followed him. He got off his box, and came down, and stood by his coach-door. When Mr. Witty came up, he said, You are the man that robbed the man of the watch. He said, Very well; I am here to answer to it: I did not rob the man of the watch; I meant to deliver it where I delivered the man. I saw half-a-crown and a shilling taken up in the bottom of the coach, that had fell out of the prosecutor's pocket. His clothes were so loose, his shirt was hanging out of his breeches.
Was Witty perfectly sober?
I can't say; I did not take particular notice of that.
I have known the prisoner many years. I recommended him to Lord Townsend. He drove his Lordship, as his own servant, some time. I had him back into my service, and had a good character of him from Lord Townsend's. He drove Mr. Howorth a year or two, I don't know which.
To Witty. Did you see the prisoner so perfectly as to be able to swear whether he took it from the prosecutor's pocket, or off the bottom of the coach?
From his right-hand pocket. I saw him perfectly plain.
Was you in liquor?
I was neither drunk nor sober.
