The prisoner got up into the waggon before he was taken; I came along with a cart; I assist feeding the horses in the waggon; there was a lame chap put him up into the waggon and another, near Orchard street, they followed us from James-street, I told the man of it; I was up in it before, I laid down by the parcels that were in it at the time he came in; I was awake as I
am now, he first felt about on his hands and knees, and took a parcel from the head of the waggon, where it was deposited, he had got near the tail, when I catched hold of him he gave it a chuck, we struggled, he had almost got the better of me, it was in the middle of the waggon, when the man came up I helped to take him, with the assistance of the waggoner.
I was feeling after my hat that the man chucked up into the waggon.
He had his hat on when he came into the waggon.
I took him to the General Wolf, he swore damn his bloody heart, if I did not let him go he would stick his knife into my bloody heart.
I was drinking at the King and Queen in Oxford-road, I had words with a man in liquor, he ran after me, catched me, and throwed my hat up into the waggon, and I got up after my hat.
You had your hat on when you came into the waggon.
I live in New Belton-street, Long-acre, I am a sawyer, have known the prisoner ten years, he worked with me three years ago, he was honest, I lost nothing durin g the time.
He must not only take it but carry it away to constitute the felony, it remained in the waggon, if a man breaks into a house and takes a parcel of goods, wearing apparel or other things, out of a repository or chest, and removes it any distance whatever, in order to carry it away, but before he has actually carried it away, he is detected, and the goods removed out of their original situation, that has been held sufficient in law to constitute a capital offence. The other day a case came before the judges reserved by Mr. Justice Nares, which was this; some where in the Acton road, a person got into a waggon with intent to steal a parcel of goods, which lay as a pocket of hops would, at its length, he had removed it and put it end ways, but not out of the original situation that it stood in the waggon; and he had with some knife or other instrument cut that package, and was proceeding to take out the goods it contained; previous to the time of taking out the goods he was detected, he was tried, and that case reserved for the opinion of the judges, and they were all of opinion it did not constitute a felony. If you find this prisoner guilty of the fact I shall respite the sentence, and state the case to the judges, and the opinion they give upon it will be given to the justices next in rotation.
