On Tuesday night the 11th of January, I was out. On Wednesday morning the 12th, I lost my pocket-book in a hackney-coach which set me down in Leadenhall-street. I did not miss it till some hours after. I had it in my hand in the coach; I meant to put it into my pocket. I suppose I put it past my pocket. I missed it looking for a knife that was in it, and had it advertised.
What time was it?
After twelve when the coach set me down. There was a gentleman in the coach with me who went further, and whom I left in the coach. That gentleman was a stranger to me; he had been in company where I had been; his name is Wilson; I do not know his Christian name, nor who, nor what he was, only I fell in company with him where I was.
On Wednesday morning the 12th of January, I was at the prisoner's house, who is a coachman, the prisoner was in bed. His wife showed me a Bank-note, I read it, and observed it was a 10 l. note.
The prisoner's wife on the same day the last witness spoke to, gave me a 10 l. Banknote to change, which I did change for her with a Mr. Matthews.
I changed a 10 l. note for Watkins, I paid it away in the course of business, but have no recollection to whom I paid it, nor know nothing about the particular marks of the note.
I am one of Sir John Fielding 's men. On the 25th of January the prosecutrix's uncle came to the office about this pocket-book and bank-note. Upon some information given by them, I went to Mills's house, he was not at home. I found him in a stable-yard where he is employed. I asked him about it, he went with great readiness to his lodging. He showed a readiness to give every information he could respecting this book. I asked for the book, he and his wife said, they had not got it. He said he was sorry for what had been done, and wished his wife had taken her brother's advice, and carried the book back again after they had seen the advertisement. (The note was changed before.) The prisoner said he found the book in the coach. The prisoner's wife told the young man where to go; he went and fetched it. The prisoner said that was the book he found in the coach. He seemed very willing to give every information about it. I did not hear him say whether he knew who the book belonged to or not.
The Bank-note was in the book when I lost it. It was in the book at twelve o'clock in the day. I had not seen it afterwards. The book had been left by me upon the table where I was. I cannot tell how long it had lain there; it was given to me in the coach.
Have you seen Mr. Wilson since?
No.
Have you made any enquiry after him since?
No; I have not.
I know nothing of it.
