I live in Tottenham-Court Road. On the 18th of April, as I was returning from the city, (I had supped at the Horse-shoe and Magpie, and parted with my company) just as the clock struck eleven, in my way home, up Holborn, I met with the prisoner; she asked me for a glass of wine, and represented herself as perishing for want of a glass of wine; I said, if the glass of wine would keep her from perishing, she should have it; I went into an open room, and ordered a bottle of wine; I paid for it, and went out; my way lay through the yard; going through the yard, she importuned me for a shilling; I told her she was impertinent, and would give her nothing; she said, D - n your eyes! you shall: she then gave me a violent push, in consequence of which I fell with my shoulder against the wall, on the right side, on some dung; she took from me eight guineas and a half, eight shillings, and my pocket-book out of my left-side waistcoat pocket; I missed it as soon as I got from her; I ran into the street, and called for the watch; the watch did not come; I went into the house, and asked if they knew the woman; the bar-maid said, yes; her name was Miss Walker: I told her I had been robbed of eight guineas and a half, eight shillings, and my pocket-book; I searched after the prisoner; I took up another woman, who said she knew her; the prisoner was taken the next morning; I knew her perfectly well to be the same woman: I never found my pocket-book nor money.
Had you drank freely that afternoon?
No: I was perfectly sober. She pushed me down, threw herself against me, and took the money out of my pocket by force; I struggled with her about three minutes before I could disentangle myself.
He said, the first time, I pushed him against the wall, he fell on one side, and I robbed him; the second time he said, as he came out of the door, I held him together by both his arms, and so robbed his Worship: I said I must have three hands to rob him when I had hold of both his arms.
She spit in the justice's face, and beat the constables. I missed my pocketbook and money, when I got into the middle of Holborn; I ran as fast as I could into Holborn.
Did you relate the same story to the justice you have told me now, that she hit you a blow and knocked you down, and threw herself upon you?
Yes; and if the information is here, I dare say you will find it so.
I keep the French-horn inn.
Do you know any thing of the prosecutor being with a woman at your house?
I did not see him till he came back and complained he had been robbed, which was before twelve o'clock; he asked me who the woman was that was with him. I called the bar-maid to know who it was; she informed me; he said he had been robbed by her; I said I would go immediately in search of her, thinking it a duty incumbent upon me.
I am bar-maid at the French-horn inn. On the 18th of this month, about half after eleven, the prosecutor came into our house with the woman at the bar; they staid not quite half an hour; and above a quarter of an hour they were in the parlour, there was nobody there but the prosecutor and the prisoner; they were alone, but the door was not shut.
Do you remember his coming back?
Yes: he asked me if I knew her; I said, yes; I know her person and name: Mr. Parry went out in pursuit of her with him immediately.
In what condition was he when he returned to your house?
He seemed agitated on account of losing his money.
I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner; I found neither pocket-book nor money. An information was brought to Justice Girdler's; I brought her to the justice's, and the prosecutor said that was the woman; he charged her with robbing him of his money; he told the justice the woman knocked him down; that his foot struck against the kirb, and he fell down.
I met the prosecutor in Holborn; he asked me to go and drink a glass of wine with him; I went with him to the French-horn; he went into a private room, and wanted a pint of claret; Sarah Keates said they had no claret in the house; he told me to have what I pleased, and we had a pint of red port; he asked me if I would let him be concerned with me; I said, yes, if he would make me a present: he said he had no cash; we drank the pint of wine. Is it probable that I should knock a man down, who declared he had no cash about him, and I saw no cash? There was a coachman he knew; he came out and told him he had been robbed by somebody of eight guineas, but he could not tell how; he said he picked up a girl, and went into the French-horn, at three in the morning, and gave her half a guinea to be connected with her; that he wanted her to tell him where one Miss Mee lived, as he chose to lie with her above any other woman. There is a man in court he told, that he had said to me, he would give me a guinea, if I would tell him where Miss Mee was.
I am a coachman. I know Mr. Bowman. When I drove the stage from Pinner to Stanmore, he lived at Harrow-well Common. I was in company with him about ten minutes that night: he said he was robbed between one and two o'clock, at the Coach and Horses in Holborn; he was in company with three girls and two men; he came in with them, and treated them with drams; he treated me with a glass; when he had so done, the girls went about their business. He said, Gray, I have not money to pay; I said I would lend him some; then he put his hand into his left-hand pocket, and pulled out a handful of gold and silver, and paid for it; I said, I wish I had as much as you; afterwards he told me he had been robbed, but he said he did not know how; he asked me to go along with him; I told him I was very much tired, and begged to be excused; he said he wanted to go to the French-horn; the first girl he met, who stands here, he took her round the middle, and took her into the French-horn, into a private room; and I left them.
How long have you known this gentleman?
I believe five or six years.
Who did you see at the French-horn?
The landlord and landlady.
Was the bar-woman up?
I think I saw but one woman.
Was this man sober, or in liquor?
He seemed to be in liquor.
About half after two o'clock on Wednesday night, this gentleman asked me to go and drink a glass of wine at the French-horn: he met me within two doors of the French-horn: the last witness was with him. I went with him; he was in my company, I dare say, the space of an hour and better; he asked me if I knew such a name as Mee; I told him I knew such a name, but I did not know where she was.
Was any thing said about his being robbed?
No; he did not mention any thing of the kind to me. I went in about half after two, and I dare say I was more than an hour with him: when I went in with him, he called for a pint of wine; he asked me to be concerned with him, which I was.
Do you remember seeing this man at your house this evening afterwards?
Yes; he came back with Ann Smith and the coachman.
Where had he been from the time lie complained he was robbed till he came back?
He had been seeking after this woman with me. We saw three women in Holborn go into a public-house; I bid him go in and drink a glass of something, and he would have an opportunity of seeing if he knew them; he did, and came out to me; I advised him to get some other woman, who might know where she lodged, and he brought in this young woman; I believe his business with her was to know who robbed him.
Then you don't believe what she has said?
No: I was in the room; he offered to give this woman half a guinea to tell where the prisoner lodged, and said that he had a particular attachment to her.
