By means of this note mentioned in the indictment, there was a watch got into the possession of the prisoner at the bar?
He had a watch of me.
Where is it now?
I believe Mr. Kirby, the keeper of the Compter, has the watch in his possession; it was delivered into his possession at Guildhall, it was produced at the examination, it was taken from the prisoner; my watch is in possession of Mr. Kirby, Mr. Alderman Crichton desired him to take care of the whole property; I sold him the watch, he had 11 l. of me besides, in change for this 30 l. note.
You are in partnership with Mr. Masters?
Yes; William Masters and I live at No. 47, Holborn bars.
When did you see the prisoner?
On the 26th of November; he came to our shop between twelve and one, at noon, and wanted to purchase a gold watch, I shewed him several, at last he fixed on one, the price was eighteen guineas, he asked me if it was a good watch, if I could answer for the going of it, I said it was, I would answer for the going of it; he pulled out his pocket-book, and said, I must take a Bath bank bill, at the same time presenting this note; I said, I don't like any paper but Bank of England notes; says he, I look upon this to be better than the Bank of England, and I would sooner take them, because there has been a number of forgeries committed on the Bank of England, and I don't look upon it to be safe to take the notes; but however you have no occasion to be afraid of it, it is a very good bill, and I have indorsed it; says I, sir, is your name M'Carty? Yes, sir, it is; pray, sir, says I, who is this Richard Beaty , and Co. acceptors; says he, that is the agent of the Bath bank, at No. 19, Great St. Helens; says I, I should like to know if the acceptance was good, as it was accepted; says he, by all means; accordingly I ordered one of my lads, John Bartrum , to take it to Great St. Helens, and see if the acceptance is good; Hevey said, he would wait till he returned, says he, he cannot be gone long, not a quarter of an hour at most; I said it could not be half an hour, he waited; when he came back, he said, he had seen a person who looked like a clerk there, who said, it was a very good note, and would be paid when it become due; in consequence of that, I let him have the watch, and gave him 11 l. 2 s. in money; and likewise a bill of parcels and receipt in the name of M'Carty; he took the watch and away he went.
What are you?
I am a pawnbroker; when this note was sent to the place where it was to be accepted, I had word brought back it was a good note.
Was any body present when the prisoner came into your shop?
No.
The accepter said, it was perfectly good, and would be paid when it became due?
I heard that from the servant. I looked all through it, I took it on the credit of the Bath bank, the acceptance; and the prisoner's appearance; I looked to the name of the acceptor, and gave credit to that, I knew nothing of Hevey before, no other conversation passed, he might be a swindler, or a substantial man; I trusted to the appearance of the note, and I relied upon the credit of the Bath bank; the order was signified by the indorsement; the first credit was to the bill itself; I was examined at Guildhall five or six times; I remember I said, the prisoner told me his name was M'Carty.
Did you accompany that with any other observation?
I said, that he told me his name was M'Carty, on two or three examinations.
When you sent this not to the place where it was accepted, you had word brought it was good?
Yes.
Your examination was reduced into writing?
Yes.
Where has this note been from that time to the present?
I have been at Bath with it, and it never was out of my custody, but only during the time the boy was sent with it.
I am servant to Mr. Beauchamp, I remember his giving me a note, I took it to No. 19, Great St. Helens, a young woman opened to door, I asked if Mr. Beaty was at home, I am not certain whether she said, yes; the young man was standing at the Compting-house door; says she, sir, you are wanted; he said, step this way, I went into the Compting-house with him; I asked him if it was a good note, he said, yes, the money would be paid as soon as the note was due; nothing farther passed between us; about two or three doors from our own, I met the gentleman that came to pass the note, he asked me if it was a good note, I said, yes; we both went back together to my master's; I delivered the note to my master, he asked me, if it was a good note, I told him yes, it was the same note.
I saw the young woman first, I asked if her master was at home, she said yes, and called him.
Where was you while he was examing the note?
I was with him in the Compting-house, close by him all the time; I don't know the number of the note; I know I gave to him a note, and I believe it to be the same.
He might have changed it?
I cannot say he did not, I believe not, I cannot possibly say that was the note, he returned that I put into his hands, but I don't think he could change the note; I had my eyes on him all the time; I was as close to him as to this gentleman; sometimes a person is deceived with slight of hand, but I don't think he played that with me
What are you?
I am an engraver.
Look at that note?
This is my engraving; I engraved it for the gentleman at the bar, Mr. Hevey; I did not know his name till he came in July last, and delivered his directions; I believe there were four or five hundred of these; there was two forms, some five guinea notes; he paid me for them; he said he lived in a street that came out of Portland place, I don't remember the name of it, I have lost the directions, my directions is marked on the note, as living in Abchurch-lane.
I am a sugar-broker, and dealer in rum and brandy, I live on St. Dunstan's-hill; I know the prisoner at the bar well; in November, 1779, he applied to me for some rums, I sold him two puncheons, when he bought them he said he would pay me ready money, if I sent in the goods he should pay it directly; on which I sent him in two puncheons of rum, I believe to the\\ amountof 150 l; I sold him others to the\\ amountof 200 l. and odd; he went then by the name of John Hevey , he lived then in Holborn, and kept a little grocer's shop, I have had letters from him signed John Hevey .
I knew the prisoner the latter end of 1779, he passed then by the name of Hevey, I had dealings with him.
I am a pawnbroker, I should mention I live in Long-acre; he came to my house the 22d of November, he saw a gold watch, No. 4473, London, maker's name, Graham; he begged to look at it, he purchased a watch for 18 guineas, and produced a Bath bank bill, he signed his name John Hevey , in my shop, upon it;
About this note there is an indorsement.
Barnard M'Carty too?
There is.
I am a constable; I did not take him up, I was at the Mansion house when the prisoner was brought there before Mr. Alderman Pugh; I searched him, and found he had a handful of gold, which I gave him again, by order of the Alderman, I found a pocket-book and a great number of notes in it, bank notes in appearance, they have been opened by different magistrates, and sealed up again; he went by the name of Hevey, never by any other name.
Are they of the same kind with the rest?
The same bank; here are a great number, and for different sums.
Are they all indorsed?
Here are many B. M'Carty, and there are some blank ones; and here is a blank for a bill of exchange from Dublin, and their sums are different.
There is one payable to Hevey himself, I see.
Yes; there are some blanks of different forms, here is one with Scarborough on it.
There are two payable to Hevey himself?
There are many indorsed B. M'Carty.
I first enquired of the real partner of the Bath Bank here in London, he said he believed there were no such people at Bath, and I was taken in; I went to Bath, the person at the house told me, that seeing the paragraphs in the paper, the man had disappeared, and they could not find him; I could find no such persons as Smith, Moore, and Co.
The prisoner was apprehended long before this came due, and you put advertisements in the papers about it?
No; there were no advertisements, but paragraphs in the papers, that such a person was examined at Guildhall; I heard in consequence of that this person had decamped.
You never found such persons as Smith, Moore, and Co.?
No.
I live in St. Helens, I know a man of the name of Beatty, he was a clerk he told me, there was his name Beatty on the door, I took him up, he is in the Compter; he had a compting-house there, with the name of Beatty and Co. but he did not live there; I have seen Hevey come out there, I live close on the spot, my house commands the whole spot; he lived at Mr. Page's, Peahen Court, No. 12.
Mr. Beauchamp makes it out, as if no other person was in the shop; there was during the time I was in the shop, that young boy there; he cannot say I declared my name was M'Carty; I declared my name was Hevey; I said I would indorse my name if there was any occasion for it, he said there was not, the bill was good without it.
You know the prisoner at the bar?
I do, very well.
You had a house in St. Helen's?
Yes, Sir.
Do you know such a person as M'Carty?
I do.
All this may be very material evidence to prove him guilty of a conspiracy.
It does; it may go farther, it may make him an accessary before the fact.
The Court said, it is necessary to tell you, if there is a bill preferred against you for a conspiracy, what you have now said already may certainly go to make against you upon that charge.
The bills are found.
Do you know M'Carty?
Yes; I know him.
Do you know M'Carty's hand-writing?
I cannot possibly say; I have seen his hand writing I believe upon the back of the bills, I can say the hand-writing was equal upon every bill that I have passed through my hands, which I have accepted and paid; I have not seen him write an indorsement, therefore I cannot possibly say whether I know the hand-writing or not.
You have seen him write at other times?
I have had letters from him.
Did you ever see him write?
I cannot say I ever did.
Did you ever see him sign his name?
I cannot say that I ever did.
You never saw him write?
I never did.
Do you know your own hand-writing?
I would not wish to say a word more, if your lordship pleases.
Is that your hand-writing? (shewing the acceptance) - I hope your lordship will not insist upon my answering any questions.
Do you know Bernard M'Carty?
I do.
Do you know his writing?
I know his writing; I have seen him write very often.
Will you take upon you to swear to his hand-writing?
Yes; I believe I can.
How does he sign his name?
Sometimes Bernard M'Carty, and sometimes B. M'Carty.
Where does he live?
In Dyot-street, St. Giles's.
Do you know whether M'Carty was or was not concerned in any transaction of any supposed bank of Bath?
I do believe that he was concerned; I have seen some of the notes, I never saw him indorse any, I am sure I can swear to his hand writing when I see it.
What house does he keep in Dyot-street?
He had several lodging houses there, seven or eight.
Houses let out in little lodgings?
Yes,
Let out in lodgings, at so much a night?
Yes.
Where do you live?
In the Haymarket? I have known Mr. M'Carty these five or six years, I have frequently seen his hand-writing; I don't follow any business at present, my husband is not in England, I am at present in lodgings, I am a relation of Mr. M'Carty's wife's.
Where is he now?
I really don't know.
You are sure his name is Bernard?
I am sure his name is Bernard.
And Berney?
And he has wrote his name Bernard, Berney, and B.
And perhaps Bryant?
Yes, Bryant and B. I have seen him write his name Bernard, and Berney, and B. M'Carty, and Bryant I believe.
In Ireland it is no uncommon thing to pass by either of those four names?
Not in the least.
Is that his hand-writing?
That also is his writing.
This is very different from the others, look at it again?
He is a man that is very often in liquor, and may write different sometimes; I cannot be so positive that is his hand writing, as the other two,
I think this also is like his writing; it has a resemblance in it, but there is a great difference, I could not swear to this.
Do you believe that to be his hand writing?
I cannot say exactly; but I believe it to the best of my opinion, it resembles his hand writing; I see all three are different from the stroke of the letters, there is a resemblance, I don't swear to any thing else.
You are wife to Mr. M'Carty?
I am.
Was he or not concerned in a Bank at Bath?
Yes, sir; he was.
He is out of the way at present?
He is, sir.
What is your husband's name?
Bryant M'Carty.
Who is this master that gave him instructions?
I don't know his name; he had a master that is dead, I forget his name.
How did he sign his name?
Sometimes B. M'Carty, sometimes Bryant; I have not any letters by me of his, some he signed Bernard, some Berney, and some Bryant.
His name was Bryant you say, that is not Bernard?
Why, sir, you see, they call them differently in Ireland.
Is Bryant and Bernard called the same in Ireland?
Yes, Sir; they esteem them the same.
You know Mr. Garatti?
No, Sir; I cannot say I know him.
The man your husband was bound for, for a bastard child?
Oh, yes Sir; I did know him.
Look at that indorsement, is that your husband's hand-writing? ( shewing her the bill in question) - I can safely swear that is my husband's hand-writing.
Produce another, signed Bryant M'Carty?
That I can safely swear to too.
And that you can safely swear to?
I can, Sir; I can safely swear they are all his hand-writing.
What, for blankets for lodgings at 2 d. a night?
If they are so, the fixtures and things for them is not to be had for 2 d.
Where did you find those papers?
I found this paper at the bottom of Mr. Hevey's trunk.
You are going to disprove his hand writing by a similitude of hands, which you cannot do, it is not a proper proof.
Was the servant in the shop at the time the bill was offered to you?
Yes; but he was employed at the farther end of the shop, upon other business.
Did or did not the prisoner, at the time, offer to indorse it?
No, sir; he said he had indorsed it, and that was his name.
He did not say he would indorse it, but he had indorsed it?
He had indorsed it, he said.
How came he to go out of your shop, before the boy returned?
He was gone a long while, I had the watch; he was in and out of the shop, and waited; I had the watch and money too, till the boy came back.
You believe the hand writing to be the indorsement of M'Carty, but that he passed himself for M'Carty, as the indorser?
Yes.
