I am the wife of Thomas Lewis , who is a comb maker and jeweller in Ludgate-street . On the 14th of December I lost a gold ring with five rose diamonds out of a drawer in the shop in which the goods were kept. The prisoner came in about a quarter after three in the afternoon with another person; one of them asked for a gold seal; I cannot take upon me to say which asked to see the seal. I took out the drawer and one of them took up a silver seal and asked the price of it; the other then said, they wanted a gold seal for a present. I said I had no gold seals. They then made an apology for giving me the trouble and went out of the shop. As soon as they turned round to go out I looked to see if any thing was missing out of the drawer, and immediately missed this ring. I went after them.
When had you last seen that ring before they came in?
I cannot take upon me to say.
Had you seen it that day?
I cannot say; I put it in the case the day before. When I went after the women and brought them back the prisoner threw the ring down on the counter. When I first went out I did not see them in the street; I looked up a passage beside the house and saw them running; I ran after them; I took hold of the prisoner's hand and said you must come back; one of you have taken a diamond ring! she said how could I think such a thing! I said I was sure they had; she hesitated at the end of the passage, but then went into the shop and threw the ring down on the counter.
Did only the prisoner or both go back to the shop?
Both; I met a friend in the passage who brought back the other; but before she came into the shop I saw the prisoner throw the ring into the drawer which I had left on the counter; it struck on a pair of spectacles; she took her hand from under her cloak and threw it in the drawer.
Did any other person see her throw it in the drawer?
No; there was no person in the shop but she and me.
Did not you examine them both?
They were taken up and examined.
I was at dinner in the parlour. I heard Mrs. Lewis call out very loud Mr. Lewis; I looked and saw she had hold of the prisoner by both her wrists.
That was when she was brought back?
Yes; there was no person in the shop then but the prisoner and Mrs. Lewis.
Did you see her throw the ring in the drawer?
No.
When I came into the shop there was a great quantity of people in the shop.
There was no person in the shop when they came in.
When they were brought back was not there a number of people came in with them?
No; only my friend who brought in the other woman.
I live on my means; I have freehold and leasehold estates in London and in the country. I have known the prisoner nine or ten years; she always bore a good character.
I am a lace manufacturer; I have known the prisoner four or five years; she always bore a good character.
