I live in Long-acre ; I keep a cloak and coat warehouse . Last Saturday night I lost seven cloaks about eight o'clock; the door of my shop, which was shut, and was upon the latch, was opened, and seven cloaks were stolen. I did not see the prisoner take them, but I saw her and the cloaks brought back about eight o'clock; I had seen the cloaks about six o'clock.
You do not even know perhaps that the door was shut?
Yes; I had not been out of the shop into the parlour five minutes, and I am sure it was shut when I went out of the shop.
I live with Mr. Beard, a pastry-cook, in Sydney's-alley, Leicester-fields. I was in Mr. Dixon's parlour when a poor woman came in and gave the alarm. I pursued the prisoner, and took her in Hart-street, Covent garden.
How far is that from the shop?
An hundred or two hundred yards. She was running; I saw her drop one of the cloaks. She found somebody was after her and seemed to wish to drop them all. I catched hold of the other six.
Had you seen the woman in the shop
I had not. The woman who came in and gave the alarm, said a woman was gone out with a bundle across the way and down the court.
I was in the shop at the same time, it was about eight o'clock. There are cloaks hang across the shop, so that I could not see the door. A woman came in and said, there was no person to mind the shop, and a woman had stolen something. I ran out and pursued her; we caught her. One cloak dropped from her; I picked it up.
How happened it that you who was in the shop did not see her come in?
I work in the back part of the shop, but the cloaks that hung up hindered my seeing.
Did you hear the door open?
No.
Had any person gone out of the door a little before?
No. I am sure the door was latched, because I was the last person who came in at the door.
Can you be positive that you shut it?
Yes; I am positive.
Does the latch catch so as never to deceive you?
I don't know that it ever did.
How large is this shop?
Very large.
And there were these things hanging loose about?
These cloaks laid close upon the counter folded one upon another.
Had you any light in the shop?
Yes.
I was going down Long-acre with my basket of oysters upon my head; I saw the prosecutor's door open and saw the prisoner run out of the shop with a large bundle before her, and she left the door wide open; she ran across Long-acre, and through the court by the Bird-in-hand, just by Long-acre Bagnio; I knocked at the prosecutor's door and alarmed them.
Did you see William Robinson in the shop?
They were all backwards in the parlour.
Are you sure the prisoner is the woman?
I am, as I took particular notice of her;
I never was in any prison before. As I was going down Long-acre I met that woman; the had something on her head; she turned her head and said what is that lies so white at the door; she said stoop because I have the basket on my head; I stooped and picked up that parcel; she asked what it was, I said I would keep it; then she ran into the shop; and as I was going to look at the bundle they caught hold of me; I never was in the shop.
