I live in East Smithfield ; I have one child; me and my wife went to bed together; I have no servant.
What lodgers have you?
One; we were all in bed.
Were all the doors and windows safe?
Yes; I got up at five in the morning, or a little before, to go to work; when I came out of the door, I found the shutters of the kitchen window wide open.
Were the shutters broke?
No, they were not broke; they were wrenched open; there are two shutters, and a pin goes in the center, and fastens them; they were pulled one from another, and I found the pin in one place, and the key in another, on the ground; I went in again to my wife, and the things were all gone off the line, except two little child's shirts; my wife had been washing them; they were on the line over night; my wife went to the office, and found the things that had been stripped.
I lost several articles; there was a shift and waistcoat, a child's frock, a tablecloth, two napkins, a towel, two pin-cloths, and two coloured aprons; they had been in the kitchen the night before, on the lines; I went to the office afterwards, and gave information, and was told the things were stopped; I examined them, and found they were my property; my property was in possession of the constable of the night; his name is Peter Mayne ; I know nothing of the prisoner.
It was my night at the watch-house on Friday night last; I went to take a turn round the parish, and I met the prisoner; knowing her, I stopt her, and asked her what she had in her apron; it might be about two o'clock; I met her in Blue-anchor-yard; that is not above ten minutes walk from the prosecutor's house; then I asked her what she had in her apron; she immediately let this property fall; I took them up, and asked her where she got them? she said, at the other end of the town; I locked her up in the watch-house; the next morning, I heard the prosecutor's house had been broke open; I went down, and I fitted this poker, which exactly fitted the place in the shutter and there were two panes of glass had been cut out, to open the casement; the prisoner had this poker upon her; it was tied up in her apron, with the property; here is every article mentioned in the indictment; the poker fitted exactly where the shutter closed.
Do you mean to say there was a hole that fitted?
Yes; it was where the shutter closed; the impression was not half an inch long.
I had been at Billingsgate that day, and bargained for three baskets of fish; I came away, and left them; coming over Tower-hill, I picked up this bundle, and this bit of iron in it; coming along Blue-anchor-yard, I met Mr. Mayne; he swears it was two; it was half after four when he took me; he said, Bett, this is forty pounds for me.
Which of you was last up that night?
We both went to bed together; our lodgers were gone to bed; it is a man and his wife; I am positive they were gone to bed, because I was the last person that fastened the street-door, and I know nobody went out afterwards: I desired my husband to shut the window: I did not see him shut it: it was fastened: the pin and the key were within side.
Is there any bar?
No.
