I lost my watch, on the 10th of June, on Saturday about half past ten, the prisoner took hold of me by the arm; I was in liquor; she asked me to treat her with a pint of wine, I said, I would; I went into a tavern, but I do not know what tavern it was; we continued there nearly half an hour, during which time we had a pint of wine.
Are you sure you had your watch when you went in there?
I am sure I had it then.
Did you perceive her take the watch?
No.
How soon did you miss the watch?
Not till I came out of the tavern, and was going through the alley.
What did you say to her when you missed your watch?
She was gone before I perceived I had lost my watch; and I saw her no more that night.
How soon after was she taken?
The next day.
What company had you been in before you met the prisoner?
None.
Had not you lost a gold snuff box before you lost your watch that evening?
After I lost my watch three or four women got round me and pushed me from side to side; and then I lost my box.
Had not you been in company with other women, and with that very man that is now a witness?
With no other women, nor with the man.
I am a watchman in Parliament street, this gentleman came to me about half past ten, and said, he had been robbed the night before of his watch, and the person was gone through Privy-gardens, I refused to go, because it was out of my bounds, and in another parish.
Why so?
I said, bring the person to me; I have been checked for it.
By who?
By the church wardens.
Then I am sure the church wardens ought to be checked by the Court of King's Bench.
The prosecutor told me the person that robbed him was in Privy-gardens, and run into a sentry box; the woman was brought to me, and I took her to the watch-house, I searched her but not minutely, as the robbery was done the night before; she denied robbing him; she owned he had been with her the night before, and had given her a couple of shillings and a pint of wine.
I saw this gentleman the next day after the robbery, he was crying; I asked him what was the matter; he said he had been robbed the night before of his snuff-box, and his gold watch; he told me the whole, I advised him to go to the spot where he had the woman; I went along with him to find the woman; I secured her myself.
Did you ever hear her say any thing about the watch?
No, she denied it; when we came up to Privy-gardens I heard the woman say here is the man, I must run; and accordingly she run into a sentry box.
Who did she say so to?
To some other women that were there.
What time of the evening was it when you went with your friend?
Between ten and eleven.
Was it dark?
It was.
There were several other women besides this woman?
Yes, and they all fell upon me.
As it was dark, and there were several other women, how can you swear it was that woman hat said, here is the man?
I read an advertisement in the paper about
a watch, and I happened to go to Tothil-fields bridewell, and this prisoner had a note to carry to a man that bought the watch, his name was Farder, a shoemaker; I read the note, and I enquired after Mr. Rensetti, and gave him the note.
That note might refer to any watch in the kingdom?
The shoemaker has absconded, and the watch has never been found.
The prisoner came to my room on Sunday morning, very much in liquor, and asked for a little boiling water for tea; I told her yes; she had not been in my room above five minutes before Mr. Farder, the shoemaker, in Rye-street, followed her in, and she took a watch out of her stocking, and gave it into his hand to look at, he tried it with a match, and said he did not t hink it was gold; he offered her a guinea and half for it; and she said she would take it; he went out of my room with it; he came back again, and said he had tried it, and it was not gold, and if he bought it, he must get two or three shillings by it, and he would give her no more than twenty-five shillings; and he sent the twenty-five shillings in by a woman.
Did she say how she came by this watch at all?
No; that is all I heard.
This gentleman came to me on Saturday night, between twelve and one, and he asked me to drink a glass of wine; I refused it several times, he was rather in liquor, he called for a pint of wine; we went, and he said it was rather too late to stay; he came down stairs and kissed me, and wished me a very good night; he told me to meet him the next night; I went there, and he came the next night, and said I had robbed him; and he took me up; they searched me; I had no money about me.
