I was coming down Harding-street last Monday month, and there were three men together between six and seven in the evening; two men walked up before me, and the prisoner came after me, and stopped, and asked me the nearest way to the Horse-Ferry-Road; I turned round to give him an answer, and told him to go as strait as he could; and when I turned my head, I saw something white on the ground, it was a pocket-book, in a white handkerchief, I stooped to pick it up, and the prisoner was too quick for me, and picked it up, he asked my pardon for taking it out of my hand, and said, what there was I should have half of; we went a little further to the lamp, and he untied the handkerchief, and opened the pocket-book, and there was a ring in it, and the ring was wrapped in a bill and receipt; and the prisoner gave me the receipt to read, I could not make it out, and one of these two men crossed the way, and came over to me, and the prisoner took it out of my hand and asked the man to read it, which he did; it was in the receipt, six guineas: the prisoner said he was come out of the country on business, and had paid all his cash away; the other man asked me where I lived, I told him with my father and mother, and I had no money about me; he asked me how much I had, and he would lend me half a guinea, with a proviso, I would give what money I had in my pocket and my cloak, and my handkerchief; I was loth to part with my cloak: he said, would I give him my gown: I gave them my cloak and two shillings, and eleven-pence farthing in halfpence. The prisoner took the cloak, and the apron, and the handkerchief, and the money, I gave them to him for the ring; and he was to return them the next morning at seven o'clock, he was to come for the ring and give me three guineas, and return my things. The other man wished me a good night; and I thought by the manner of his behaving, he did not mean to come again. I went home, and looked at the ring by the fire, there was no candle, and I thought there never was such a stone as that set in gold. I went to a silversmith that lived near, and he told me, I had lost my cloak; he advised me to take the rascal, but he did not tell me what the ring was worth. I went to another silver-smith, and he told me the same: as I was going home, I saw the prisoner facing Scotland-yard, in Buckingham-court; I said to some children, that were there, there were the men, and the men hearing me, and seeing me, ran away; I called, Stop thief! and they were taken by a gentleman; and I desired the men to give me the things again, and the prisoner gave them me; he did not give me back my money, I did not recollect it then: the prisoner was committed. (The ring produced.)
I gave the gentlewoman her things again immediately.
I heard a cry of Stop thief, as I was standing at my door, and took the prisoner: the young woman said it was him that had robbed her; I did not see him return any thing to the young woman.
I was speaking to a gentleman near Charing-cross; I heard the cry of Stop thief, and saw the prisoner run, I followed him, and a person stopped him; I turned back, and saw the woman, and she said the prisoner was the man: I did not see him give her the things; but I said to him, you must go before justice Hyde, the prisoner said, what need have I to go before him, I have given the woman her things back again, and she is very well satisfied.
I gave the gentlewoman her things again, and she told me when she came down to Tothill-fields Bridewell she did not intend to prosecute me; I did not expect she would have appeared against me; I did not send for any witnesses.
