I know of the loss of the horse, on the 9th at night, and 10th in the morning, the horse was upon Mr. Gurnel's premises; I saw the horse in the field adjoining to the yard, in the afternoon of the 9th of December, the next morning he was not to be found, the gates were left open of a kick yard; the outside fence gate of the field was shut, the yard gate to the field open; the horse was gone the next morning, and never found; I know nothing about the prisoner, the horse never was found, nor bridle and saddle.
I know nothing about this matter.
I know so far as this, I saw William Noakes , the prisoner, with the horse, I have known him two years, I saw him with it between eleven and twelve at night, at Mr. Gurnel's door, he had a sack well loaded upon it; this was in the road, I did not see him come out of the gate, it was just by the gate, Mr. Gurnel's gate; the horse belonged to Mr. Gurnel, it was lost on Sunday night, I know the horse by describing him, he had a white star in the forehead, he followed me and offered me half a guinea not to say he had been there.
Describe the horse, what colour?
A reddish-colour'd horse, with a white star in his forehead, it was moon light, when he offered the half guinea I went away from him, he told me he had been buying some lambs, but the sack was cramm'd with these fowls; the gentleman said he lost them, I only know by that.
I am sure I saw him near the gate, it might be a pole from the gate; he was turning the head to the cart way, it was between eleven and twelve on Sunday night; there were two of them, they went towards Little Ealing, he lives at Brentford.
Ask whether I asked her half guinea or not; I was at home having my shirt washed.
You said it was moon light the 9th of December?
Yes, Sir.
You will find the moon could not shine that night.
It was very light.
If any moon, it must be very late.
I cannot say I saw the moon, but it was very light; I was going home, I had been to Brentford, there was nobody with me.
I know him to be a civil, good kind of a man, I have lived by him two years, he buys pigs in the market, and brings them to town to sell them, I know him to go to bed about nine of a night, he sells the suckling pigs at Clare-market.
I have lived with him in the same house, and say, he has been home every night ever since I lived with him, that is since Michaelmas, constantly.
Do you venture to swear, this man was never out of his lodgings after nine, since Michaelmas?
I can take upon myself to say, he was a bed by nine or before, I never knowed him to be from home one night; I live in the house, and my mother too, and two sisters.
