On the 26th of January. I went to bed about twelve, I live in Jews-harp court, Angel alley ; I went down and examined the street door, and found all fast; (there is only one door to the house, I am only an inmate, I have a chamber up three pair of stairs, the house is Mr. Nash's Mrs. Nash does not live in the house, it is let out in separate tenements) and then I went up stairs, and examined the shop door, I have a lock on the inside, and this padlock was without side, it was fast, and the lock was locked with another key on the inside, when I went bed; about the hour of three I heard a noise, and my wife said, there is a noise up stairs, I heard a dog bark, this partition of the door was broke, (producing a broken partition) I struck a light and went up, and found this stick put across the place where this pannel came out; I put my head in at the door, and saw the prisoner in my shop, near my loom, he had dropped this knife, I found it near my loom, (producing a case knife) I saw the prisoner with his back towards me, he was near my loom, he was standing on the floor; I ran down seeing him, and I alarmed the neighbourhood, he followed me down, and was down very near as soon as I was, I knocked, at my neighbour's door, and called out, for God's sake, murder, fire, and thieves, and one came out with a naked cutlass, his name was Hendey, and the one Mr. Farro came to my assistance, he lives three doors off, and likewise Mr. Jolly, came, we sent for the watch, and took the prisoner to the watch-house; the prisoner when he came down begged us to let him go, he begged for the stick; and blasted my bloody eyes, if I did not let him go he would begin to pay away upon me.
There is a string upon the bolt of the street door; for the convenience of a man in the house, if any body drawed the string I can give no account of it, I found the door open when I found him in the house; there were two lodgers in the house, I did not sleep in the shop but on another floor, I rented those two rooms; Jolly came and saw the prisoner in the house, the knife had never been there before, he had turned up a shell in order to cut my work up; we went up stairs, Mr. Jolly found this knife near my loom side, I am a velvet weaver , it does not belong to me and was never there before; there is a thing we call a shell, to keep us from pressing the work, he had turned it up in order to cut the work off, which we do if we want to cut the work out; the hasp of the padlock was screwed, he unscrewed it, he then unpicked the padlock, the pannel of the door was broke in three different places, here is the mark of some, what he had entered into the pannel, (he produced the pannel and the padlock in Court) I have got the key of the padlock at home.
How did you rent these chambers of your landlord?
By the week, as a tenant at will.
And this was the house of Mr. Nash?
Yes.
The owner of the house don't live in it?
No.
The lodgers live in it separate?
Yes.
You live in it by the week, as a tenant at will?
Yes.
On Saturday night the 26th of January, I went to bed about eleven; about three I was waked with a hue and cry of thieves, fire and murder, I went up the court, and saw the prisoner in custody of some people, I went up stairs, and saw the knife which laid there, with intent to cut off the work.
The 26th of January, at three o'clock in the morning, I waked with the cry of thieves, fire and murder; I went to Mr. Jordan's, and saw the prisoner at the bar there; I asked what was the matter, says he this fellow has broke in; we conducted him to the watch-house; we went up stairs to see what mischief was done, I found three pieces of boards, and underneath a padlock, I saw a knife there, and asked the said Mr. Jordan if it was his property; he said no.
I was out on Saturday night with my fiddler I happened to stay rather late, I found myself locked out; I ranged about; and found this entry door open, I went to go upon the landing place till day-light; a man stood upon the stairs, he asked me what I wanted there, he said I could not lay there; I must go to the garret stairs, and I went up stairs and found the door broke, and I crept into the hole; a dog began to bark, I thought there was somebody in the room, this man came up, and called out murder; I told him not to be afraid, I was a blind boy, and would not hurt him.
The prisoner is indicted for a burglary in the dwelling-house of Richard Jordan , with intent to steal thus for the law is clear, that if a person breaks and on dwelling house of another, in the night, with intent to commit a felony, and is prevented from executing that intention, it is as much burglary as if the felony had been actually committed; for the reason why the law is so extremely penal in the case of burglary, is not so much for the protection of property of persons only, as for the security of their persons in the, hour of rest, and when they are not in a condition of protecting or taking care of themselves, and therefore the law holds in this particular offence, the attempt to commit a felony, if so far carried into execution as to break and enter a dwelling-house in the night, shall be as penal as if the rest of the felony had been compleatly committed; upon that part of the law there is no doubt. But there is another point in this indictment which is extremely doubtful; for it is laid in the indictment to be the dwelling house of Richard Jordan ; it appears now that Richard Jordan is an inmate in that house, he rents only two rooms, one an
apartment where he sleeps, the other is his work-shop, they are separate from each other; he also has no certain permanent interest in it, but is tenant from week to week, at the will of his landlord; it seems that that interest is scarcely sufficient to denominate it the dwelling-house of Richard Jordan , especially as it was only part of a house he (Jordan) and his family occupied as their dwelling-house; I know of no determination that has gone quite so far as that, at the same time there is a difficulty, for the owner of the house does not dwell in it, but it is all let out to weekly tenants at will, so that I entertain considerable doubt whether, in point of law, the place broken open, can be so considered as the dwelling house of Richard Jordan , as to make the prisoner guilty of this indictment; however, that is a point of which the prisoner will have the benefit hereafter; if you should be satisfied from the evidence he broke and entered this place so described, and that he did it with intent to stead, the point of law will be reserved for the opinion of the judges if you are of opinion he is guilty.
