I am the wife of John Wilkinson ; I live in Bedfordbury, Covent-garden . I went to take a walk after church on Sunday the 16th of April, and double-locked my door; when I came home I found my door open. and the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) gone: I went out about five o'clock, and returned about eight: it appeared to me that the doors had been opened by means of a false key, or a pick-lock.
Did you leave any person in your house?
Nobody in my apartment: I had one room on the first floor. I went to a pawnbroker's on the Monday, and the pawnbroker, who is here, told me he had taken in such things of the prisoner.
I am a pawnbroker in Great Wylde-street. On the 17th of April, about nine in the morning, I received of the prisoner a linen gown, a Marseilles petticoat, and a black silk cloak; and in about an hour after, Mrs. Wilkinson came and described the things, and I shewed them to her; I was ordered to attend before Justice Addington; Mrs. Wilkinson swore they were her property, and I delivered them up: from that time till about six weeks ago I never saw the prisoner; then she came to demand the gown, petticoat, and cloak, and I stopped her.
You found at Mr. Clark's the linen gown, the Marseilles petticoat, and the black silk cloak?
Yes. The gown and petticoat were the property of a young woman going into the country to service, her name is Smith; I delivered them to her after a certain time, the justice ordered me.
Who did the cloak belong to?
It was mine: it was but an old one, and I did not bring it: the cloak had a D marked upon it; it was my own marking; I can swear to it.
One Mary Collins told me she had some things in pawn; and, as she was going into the country, if I would take them out, I should have them: I went to enquire for them, and the pawnbroker stopped me; I know nothing of them; I did not pawn them.
Are you sure she was the person who pawned them?
Yes.
If she had passed by, or come to pawn any thing else, should you have known her?
Yes; I had some suspicion of her, after I had taken them in, and took particular notice of her as she passed by the window.
