I am a clothes seller ; I live No. 108, Lower Thames-street ; my partner's name is Samuel Lloyd ; on the 5th of May last, between one and two, the prisoner who has been our cutter these six years, was going home to dinner, and was observed to have something under his coat, and he was stopped, and I was sent for; I only prove the property.
I am servant to Messrs. Lloyd; on Saturday, the 5th of May, the men were going to dinner about one, I was on the stairs; I saw the prisoner coming down stairs about seven minutes after the others were gone; I had some suspicion that things were not right with him by his staying after the rest of the men, and I said to him, Mr. Slack, what are you behind all the rest? says he not much, and he turned about, and I perceived something swell out under his left breast, under his great coat, which was buttoned; I told my shopmate Thomas Tapsell , and we followed him, and stopped him in Red-cross-street, in the Borough; I asked him what he had got under his coat; he said what is that to you? it is nothing of your's; I insisted upon seeing, but he would not let me, and Tapsell came up, and we unbuttoned his coat, and took out of his bosom, a remnant of Irish, and the other part out of his pocket; nothing more was found on him; we brought the prisoner and the Irish to my master's; the constable has had the Irish ever since.
How long have you been a shopmate with the prisoner?
Five or six years.
He has six children?
I have heard so I never saw one of them in my life.
He was a cutter out?
He was.
What was you?
At the time this happened I was what they call finisher, and am so now.
You did not expect any promotion?
No.
You and Tapsell go to meeting together?
Meeting of what or who?
Why you religious worships; you are both Calvinists, are not you?
Yes.
So is your master?
Yes, there is no harm in that.
The prisoner is not of the same persuasion?
That made no difference.
I took the prisoner into custody, and the linen was given to me; I have had it ever since.
On the 5th of May, I received these pieces from my servants; they were laying on the counter when I came down from dinner; the remainder of this piece was found in the prisoner's room, and there I found the greater part of the rest of the articles concealed in a bandbox, and in different parts of the house.
I bought the things.
