I go out with muslins and gown pieces to sell ; they were my own goods, I did sell them for a gentleman that I had the goods of, Messrs. Thorpe and Groves in Holborn, and I must answer for them; on Saturday the 10th of June, between two and three in the afternoon, as I was going down the king's high road, I passed the prisoner, she was standing against the pales; I saw no person with her; and as I was coming up from the Red-lion, near Moorfields, she came up to me and drove away my bundle from under my arm by main force; I was in the middle of the road, and she laid hold of my bundle, and swore an oath, and by main strength took it away, and crept under the pales; I strove, but her strength was twice as much as mine; I struggled as much as I could to save my bundle, it was all I had in the world; I cried out for help; there were several people came up, but nobody followed her, till one young man came up; I had seen her before at Bow, but I never had any conversation with her; at night a young man took me to her lodgings, but they were locked up, and as I was looking out of my window in Holborn, I saw the same person that robbed me, on the Monday following with a young man, I ran down stairs and cried out. and at the top of Saffron-hill I got an officer to take her; I begged her to tell me where my property was, she said, if I would put the officer out of the room she would; and the young man that was with her called her bitch, and said, she knew nothing about it, I said, if I could get my property again, I should be very happy.
Did not you say you would be favourable to her?
I said, I did not want to hurt her; I did not wish to have any more of her.
Then you must not say any thing she said.
Did not you say you had been robbed by two boys?
About one I had a pint of beer and three-penny worth of salmon; my bundle was loose; I went to tie it up, a gown dropped out, a little boy ran away with it, but I got it again.
Whether she did not treat me with a glass of peppermint?
I never did.
Ask her, if she did not ask me to go to Bow fair.
I am a shoemaker; I apprehended the prisoner, and took her to a house of safety, and this woman said, for God Almighty's sake restore it, if it is but half my property.
On the Whitsun-Saturday, at holiday time, I sat almost facing Jewin-street, and where this woman said she was robbed, was at Mr. Sansome's the bottom of the city road, of a piece of gown; she took hold of a boy, and desired to have her property, directly a man came up, I followed with my lobsters, I had nothing to do with it; she asked me to go into the baker's, and to go with her to Bow fair to sell these things for her, I said, no; and she directly called a man, by the name of
Smith, and she gave him a thing that the people play with.
