I am the wife of John Thomas . My husband belongs to the sea ; we live in Fitzroy-street . I missed the things, mentioned in the indictment, on the 7th of October. I had seen them, about a week before that, in the chest of drawers in the two-pair-of-stairs room, where I lay. The prisoner was my servant three weeks; when she had been with me two days, I missed one shift , a pair of cotton stockings, and an apron; about a fortnight after that I missed a piece of muslin, a shift, a pair of cotton stockings, a muslin apron, and an handkerchief; I suspected the servant who was gone away; I went down into the kitchen and saw the window had been left open; having heard of thieves coming down chimnies I looked up, and in the flue of the copper I found my shift, the mark was picked out of it, but I knew it to be my own work. I went into the back kitchen to see if all was fast; I saw a string under the dresser; I laid hold of it, and pulled a cloth apron of mine out of the fish-kettle. I observed the prisoner had on a pair of my stockings; I watched her taking them off, and took them from the side of the bed, the instant she took them off. There was my name on them; she begged my pardon, and said she was ashamed of what she had done; she confessed taking my linen out of the clothes bag; and said it was through distress she had done it.
Did you say it would be better for her to confess?
No I said nothing to her before she owned it. She said she must lie in the street if I turned her out; and begged I would let her stay. I had compassion on her, and consented for her to stay till she had cleaned the house. On Saturday I looked up every thing. On the Friday night I had some company playing at cards; she went up stairs and picked the lock, and took the muslin and some other things; I have never found them since.
I am a constable. This gentlewoman sent after me to come to her house, that the maid had robbed her; I went; she took me up into the two-pair-of-stairs room , and shewed me the drawer open, and said she had lost some muslin. I went down to the prisoner, and took her into custody.
The Saturday she called to me and told me she had lost a piece of muslin, and that she would have the muslin or my life. I said I never saw the muslin. She said she would not value hanging me, but she would have the muslin, and sent for the constable and had me taken up . The things laid to my charge I never saw. I was searched and nothing was found upon me.
