I am a publican , I keep the Catherine-wheel, in Catherine wheel-alley, Bishopsgate-street without ; between the
11th and 12th of June, between Sunday and Monday, I was going home to my own house, I had been to spend the evening in the Borough, to see a friend in the rules of the King's-Bench.
Was you sober?
I had been drinking.
Are you a single man?
I am a married man and have six children.
Was you sober enough to know what passed?
I was turning into Catherine-wheel alley, on the right hand, going up Bishopsgate-street, the prisoner stopped me, and said how do you do my dear, and took me by the hand, and took off two rings from my little finger, one was a white enamelled ring, and the other a black one, I believe them both to be enamelled, one was wrote Howell Powell , and the other was - Jones; there was only one woman, the prisoner at the bar; she was going up Widegate-street, in Bishopsgate-street; I pursued her, and I cried out, stop thief; the watchman that stopped her his name is John Green; I never lost sight of her.
Was the woman that was stopped in Widegate-street, the same woman that you suppose robbed you?
Yes, when she was taken to the watch-house she was searched, and dropped down on her knees.
Can you identify the prisoner?
I cannot, I only prove the property.
Did you see any thing taken from the prisoner?
Yes, I saw my rings taken from her; the prisoner is the person, the rings were taken from her in the watch-house, so far as I can recollect they were taken out of her pocket; I described the rings to the officer of the night, before they were found.
Are you very sure you did not stop the woman, and give her the rings upon some conversation that passed between you?
I did not.
Did you ever lose sight of her during your pursuit?
I did not.
I am a watchman, in Bishopgate-street; I heard the cry of stop her, stop her, she has robbed me of two rings; I then pursued her.
Was any other person running?
Mr. Powell was the only person that was in pursuit.
Did he run?
No, he was rather too heavy to run after her; I stopped her till Powell came up, then I took her to the watch-house; I saw she wanted to put her hand in her pocket, but I would not let her till I got her to the watch house, and Mr. Henley, the constable, searched her; I saw him take the two rings out of her pocket; she fell on her knees and said, may God send the Devil to come out of hell to fly away with me, if I have the rings! and when the rings were found upon her, I thought we should all have gone.
I am a constable of Bishopsgate-ward; the prisoner was brought in by Green the watchman, on the change of Powell, who said he had been robbed of two rings; upon searching her I found the rings in her pocket; she denied having the rings.
Is the prisoner the person you took the rings from?
She is the same person upon my oath; she said, as I was taking her to Guildhall, if she thought Mr. Powell would have served her so, he never should have had them.
As I was going along home, and turning down this alley, he caught hold of me, and asked me if I would drink any thing; I refused; he gave me four or five penny worth of halfpence.
I did not my Lord, I had no conversation with her; I have a wife and family; I gave her no half-pence or any thing.
I went to Mr. Powell to know about this matter; the prisoner was a lodger of mine about five months; the prisoner takes in washing; the gentleman said he gave her five penny worth of half-pence;
that is all I know, he told me so; she was very honest while she was with me; she never was from me a night.
What time do you generally shut up at your house?
I am always abed by ten; she was with me till that night, till she was taken up, but I cannot say any thing to that night, till that night she never was out so late; I do not pretend to say to that night.
Do you keep a house?
No, Sir, I only keep a garret; the prisoner lodged with me; she is a very sober orderly honest woman, we both got our living by charing.
