I am porter to Messrs. Bracken and Wilkinson; in Packer's-court, Coleman-street; on the 4th of December I was to carry four pieces of flannel to High Holborn, Bloomsbury-square; I set off about five, and at a quarter after five I reached the pitching-block in Holborn, the corner of Bartlet's-buildings , about five minutes after the prisoner came and pitched this box, there was a little bit of paper parcel at the top of the box; he said nothing to me nor I to him; presently a gentleman came out of a lottery-office two doors from the pitching block, with a ruffled shirt and a two curled wig, and a pen stuck in his car, he had a letter in his hand, and asked the prisoner to take the letter, and the gentleman said he would give him six pence, and bid him come into the lottery-office; the prisoner gave me charge of his box and my own also, and said when he returned he would give me something to drink, a glass of gin or a pint of purl, or something of that, he said he should spend the money; he returned in three minutes, and he went into the lottery-office, and returned with six-pence in his hand, and he said now be so good as to go and order a pint of purl with a penny worth of gin in it, for us to drink, for it is a very cold night, as you have taken care of the things; I was gone about five minutes, and when I came back I found the prisoner and my load gone, and this box which the prisoner pitched left; I took an officer immediately into the lottery-office to take this man into custody, thinking he might have connections with the prisoner, and there was not such a person there; I then returned to my master's house, and went up to Sir Sampson Wright's and opened the box in the presence of Sir Sampson, it contained nothing but brickbats and stones; in the paper parcel there was a piece of woollen bag, and a child's old bed gown and bits of blanket; I never got my flannel again; I saw the prisoner again about two months after, I saw him at the bar at Guildhall, charged with some other offence, I went to look at him in the Compter, and I said I knew him.
Look at the man, be extremely cautious?
I have not the least doubt, I could not rest till I had told it; my heart is quite easy that he is the man.
How long had you an opportunity of seeing this man at the time you lost your load?
It was full ten minutes, the gentleman from the lottery-office did not come for some minutes after we stood there.
Are the brickbats there?
No, Sir, they me to carry them, and I did not like to carry them any longer: the flannel I lost was my master's property.
I am come here with a resolution to speak the truth, and nothing but the truth; I am a man that is low in circumstances, nevertheless I have no manner of doubt but you, my Lord, and the gentlemen of the Jury will Yee equal justice done by me, as if I was a man of property; if I shall deny any question that shall be demanded of me, then, my Lord, and gentlemen look upon me in a had light.
You said you was gone for this beer and gin about five minutes?
Yes.
Then upon the whole you was only in company for five minutes?
No.
The prisoner did not say much to you?
No; he was dressed in a brown great coat, and a white apron.
When you saw the prisoner at the Poultery Compter, did not you say you was sorry for what you had done, and that you was convinced he was not the man?
No, I told him I believed he was the man that robbed me.
Did not you say that now you saw him by day light, you was convinced he was not the person?
The prisoner said, how can you say such a thing, I was bad with a canker in my mouth, and he brought out a sheet of paper, and there was his name upon it.
Did not you say at the time you stood with him at the Poultry Compter that now you saw him by day-light you was convinced he was not the person, or words to that purpose?
I told him I was sure he was the man.
Was you examined upon oath by the Magistrate?
I was.
You are quite clear of that?
Yes.
Did not you swear you did not recollect him?
I wished to have a little more recollection.
Did you at any time during the examination say he was not the man?
I did not.
Did you say before the Magistrate he was not the man?
No, Sir.
Recollect yourself, my friend, come remember what you are about, and pay some more attention than you did to your master's goods?
Before Alderman Boydel I told him I did not believe he was rightly the man but I wished to have a little more consideration.
I was called before the Alderman on Tuesday the 2d day of March, it was the 1st day of March he came into the lodge, and called for a pint of beer, and let some few words drop concerning me; about half an hour after five the same evening, the prosecutor and that gentleman came and sent for me to the lodge, then he asked me if I knew him, I told him to my knowledge I never saw him before; he told me, on the 4th of December he pitched a parcel there, and I was the man that took it; I told him he was mistaken; he told me the whole story, and said he would swear to it; I told him it was a very critical point where life was concerned; the next morning, about half an hour after nine, the prosecutor came to the place, and called me, and said he was sorry for what he said over night; but when he came to look at me again I was not the man; he said it was very hard upon him, for his master threatened to arrest him for the property lost; I told the Alderman that I was a very remarkable man, and if the man could swear to me he might; the Alderman said that was very fair, and asked him if he could swear to me; no such thing; I was discharged, but remanded till I got people to my character; I was ordered up on Saturday without a hearing, then on the Monday I got my friends to appear, then I was ordered into custody; then the prosecutor said he would swear I was the man that left the box there, but that he would not swear I was the man that took his bundle.
I am a watch and clock-maker, I have known the prisoner between four and five years, he is an honest, industrious, hardworking man; I have employed him, he always behaved well.
How long has he had that impediment or difficulty in speaking?
It has been coming on for years; it has been very bad for the last twelve months.
Was his difficulty in speaking before Christmas as bad as now?
Not quite so bad.
Was it so bad as to be noticed?
Very much so.
