I am a constable. On the 19th of May I went down to Battlebridge to take an account of nuisances. About six o'clock in the morning the prisoner and a man was at the Maidenhead at Battlebridge, drinking tea; I went in and they were talking about a fire in Great Russel-street, Bloomsbury. I saw them examine some things they took out of a bundle; there was a ring which is here.
Did they do that in your company?
No, I sat, and had a pint of beer at another table; they were saying that they had been at the play over night, and as they were coming back in the morning they saw a terrible fire in Bloomsbury. The man pulled out a book with an ear-ring in it, and said my dear, is not this a diamond. She said I think it is. When they had had their tea, they had no money to pay for their breakfast. The man pulled out a medal and sold it to the landlord for their breakfast; the landlord allowed them eighteen pence for it. I staid till they had got their breakfast; and then stopped them on suspicion of a robbery. On searching the prisoner and the man I found some letters on each of them; they were directed to No. 5, Great Russel-street, Bloomsbury. I took them to New Prison, and by the direction I went to No. 5, Bloomsbury, I saw the house had been on fire, the next door was No. 5. I took the prisoner to Sir John Fielding 's; the prosecutors came and swore to their property. I found all these things, some upon the prisoner, and some on the man (producing them)
What did you find on the prisoner?
Here are two purses, one is a green one, the other a crimson coloured one; there was another purse with a crooked halfpenny in it, a pair of round robbins, as they call them; I do not know one from the other; she said before Mr. Addington, at Sir John Fielding 's, that the man went up into the house with an intent to assist the people on account of the fire. She said she stood down stairs; that she never was up stairs at all; that just after he came away and across the street; she saw something under his arm, and asked what he had got there? He said I will show you by and by, my dear. That then they went to Copenhagen-house; that the people were not up there; then they came down to Battle-bridge.
Did she say who the man was?
She said she did not know him before that night; she said they had not examined the things till they came to the Maidenhead at Battlebridge, where they breakfasted; I did not hear them say anything about the things; when they pulled them out at Battlebridge they were looking at them. When he took the letters out they looked at one of them; she snatched it out of his hand and said, This letter came from my friends in the country.
Who had the bundle?
It lay on the table.
Did he ever see me touch any property, or have any of it, or take it from me?
She took the pockets and this book.
I lost these things on the night of the fire. I did not miss them till the constable brought them, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning. On the Thursday night I put them by the side of the bed, there was a fire next door to us.
As I was walking early in the morning, the man overtook me; when we got to Battlebridge he said he had been ill of a fever and asked me to go in and drink; I went in and drank with him; he had a bundle; I did not know but it was his own property. As we were drinking the constable came in, he was shewing me a ring, and asked me if it was a diamond one; but how he came by the property I know not. I never was near the fire nor knew nothing of it till he mentioned it at the publick-house.
She said she was at the bottom of the stairs while he was up stairs assisting the people in their distress; that he was pulling down the bed and things.
I have no friends; the woman I live with expects every minute to lie-in or she would be here.
