I am a joiner. On last Wednesday was three weeks, I think it was the 23d of August, I was in Mrs. Browne's house; the prisoner came and asked if her name was Browne? She said yes, He said, have you any thirtys? She said she had not, but she would get him some; she took out two or three halfpence of the sort she was to get at thirtys for a guineas to show him the pattern. He asked at what time he was to come? She said about one o'clock. I went away and told Prothero what had passed. He came with me about one o'clock to apprehend him. He came between two and three, and the two pieces were done up in an handkerchief for him. I did not see the halfpence, I heard them rattle, and he gave Mrs. Browne one guinea in gold, and some silver; I do no know how much, I did not see him tell the silver for the halfpence; he then went away.
What did you understand by thirtys?
Thirty shillings' worth of halfpence for a guinea in gold.
Did you hear the agreement?
Yes, there was to be thirty shillings for a guinea. I do not know how much there was given him.
When you said he asked if she had any thirtys, did the parties explain what it was?
The woman when she shewed him the pattern, said, these are thirty shillings for a guinea.
Weaver came to my house for two pieces of halfpence when Collings was there.
What do you mean by two pieces of half-pence?
Thirty shillings for a guinea; he agreed to give me two guineas for three pounds' worth of halfpence. He came between two and three o'clock. I gave him two parcels, but by mistake gave him seven and twentys; he gave me a guinea in gold and a guinea in silver. I never had any dealings with him before; he was recommended to me. When they are sent into the country they have but twenty-seven, but when they come for them in town they have thirtys. He took them and put them in his handkerchief. He only had two papers to see if they were the kind he wanted. I did not find the mistake till night. I expected him to come in the morning; instead of that I was taken to Sir John Fielding 's; there I told the truth to save myself.
Collings came and told me he was at an house near Holbourn, where a man had bargained for two pieces of halfpence. I went to the publick-house and waited for him, and when he came out I took him with the money, which was done up in papers.
I have examined them; there is not a mint halfpenny amongst them.
A person gave me a direction to Mrs. Browne in Field-lane, and desired me to call for a parcel she was to have; there she gave me a guinea in gold and another in silver. Mrs. Brown asked for my handkerchief and did them up, nothing more passed between us. I did not know what the parcel contained.
