On Saturday the 5th of March, I went to the next house about six, all was safe then, then about a quarter before eight, I heard my own bell ring, and I saw the servant come into the house, I looked out at a neighbour's window, and presently after I saw the prisoner in my parlour, he then made a motion to the maid; there was a candle in the room, I saw him then get out of my parlour window into my yard, my neighbour's window looks into my yard, and the parlour windows look into the yard, and not into the street; I saw the maid take away the candle; he then went into the yard, and wrenched the flap of a cellar window open, in which was the indigo that he stole; he was in the cellar for near three quarters of an hour, I saw him come out of the cellar afterwards, with a bundle in his hand; he went out of the yard into the parlour again, and went out of the street door; I heard him put the flap down, he stepped in at the parlour window, he was taken that night with the property upon him, he was taken in the street, in St. Mary Axe, immediately after; he had thirty-six pounds weight of indigo, and a bag, and a handkerchief, and his apron, and one thing or another; there is a drawing iron, which I found, and I saw the mark of the drawing iron, it is like a hammer at the end.
So you went out to give this poor black fellow, an opportunity of coming in?
Yes.
You understood he was coming to commit felony?
No Sir, I did not understand any such thing.
For what purpose did you understand he was to come?
I understood he was to come to fetch a bundle.
Was not the bundle your property?
I could not tell, I was told by the maid servant, that it was a bundle, and it would not hurt me, nor any body about me.
Why did you watch him?
Because I had lost several things.
Was not the maid directed to let him in if he should come?
She was.
In order that you might watch him, and that you might see him commit the felony, is that so Master Danvers, may out with it man?
Yes, Sir, so it was.
So this poor black fellow was to take this bundle, and his master to look on for three quarters of an hour, is that what you mean to state to the Jury?
It is.
Much to your honour Mr. Danvers! now, Mr. Danvers, how near is this window that you was looking out at?
As near as I am to Mr. Under-Sheriff.
Did you call out to the man that you saw endangering his life?
No.
Did not you call and desire him to stop?
No.
Did not you tell him he would be hanged?
No.
You looked on, is not that you conduct?
Yes.
How long has this Jezebel of yours lived with you?
I suppose she has lived with me six months.
The man has nothing to do in the house of a night?
No Sir, nothing at all.
If she had not let him in he could not have come there?
No.
If she had not taken the light out of the parlour, and left him to his free will, he could not have done it?
Certainly not.
And all that she did by your direction, before you went out?
Yes.
And you went out to leave the coast clear?
I did.
We may ask after this, whether we live in a Christian land! what are you?
A warehouse-keeper.
Has this cellar any communication with your dwelling house?
Yes.
How?
You cannot go into the warehouse without you go into the dwelling house, unless it is in the day time; there is a gate in the day time.
When you are in the dwelling house can you get into the cellar without going out into the yard?
No.
Does anybody live in the cellar?
No.
Then there is an end of the burglary.
Is the cellar under the same roof as your house?
Upon my word I do not know.
Do you give that answer upon your oath?
It is, it is, I believe.
Do you venture to swear it is?
Yes, I think it is.
Do you swear positively the cellar is under the same roof as the house?
Now I intreat your lordship not to let him go out of court till I call witnesses to contradict him.
I do not know what you mean by the same roof.
Why it is very intelligible; explain your difficulty why you do not understand what I mean, when every body, else understands?
I would not willingly my Lord, say any thing that is wrong.
I cannot tell that, we shall judge of that?
There is a wall runs between part of the house.
I ask you once more, is your cellar under the same roof as your house?
Upon my word I do not know whether it is or not rightly.
How long have you lived in the house?
Three years.
Let me inform you of this, that a witness may commit a perjury in swearing they do not know that which they do and must know, as well as in swearing they do know what they do not, and may be convicted of that?
I do not know what to answer.
Answer the truth, Sir?
I would wish to answer the truth.
And the sooner you answer it the more it will be for your credit.
Stand up Mr. Danvers, let us see you, I insist upon it.
I ask you once more, whether this building in which your cellar is, is or is not under the same roof with your dwelling-house?
I believe it is not, I am not certain, because I do not know; the roof of the warehouses are higher than the roof of the house, they are not all one roof, the roof of one touches the wall of the yard.
How came you positively to swear it was under the same roof?
Because I thought it was, before I recollected.
He has said he has lived there three years, has not he lived there twenty years?
I was there with my father many years, but I have had the warehouse three years.
The first time the prisoner said anything to me, he said, Mrs. Stockwell, do you think fifteen or sixteen shillings will hurt you; no, says I, nor a guinea neither, but what do you mean, then says he, keep a still tongue in your head, I will often put five or six shillings in your hand; he said something to that purpose, keep a still tongue in your head, or be private; he said no more to me till the 4th of March; then I went to the yard, on the 1st of March, and I told this conversation to my master; then the prisoner said to me on the 4th of March, where is your master? I told him in the warehouse; and he said he had a parcel down there, that he wanted to take away, and could not get it away; he said he would take it away in a minute; I desired him not to take it away then, as I expected my master in; I said James do not take it away, he said the people over the way could see him; the pot-boy came in, and ended all disputes; but I should have told you, he said he would give me half a guinea, if I would let him in as the morrow night, the 5th of March; he was not a yearly servant; he said, when all the family were gone to Bethnal-green, he would be sure to come, about eight; on the 5th of March he came to light a candle, and he said I will give you half a guinea, do you think they will be safe; most likely they will, says I, James; he put his hand into his pocket, and offered me the money, that was about the time the candles were lighted up, near to seven, he said about eight they would be safe; I told my master this: he held up his singer, and said, my dear, you do not deceive me, do you? I said no, James; he said, is he in the house? I said no; says he, I am affraid of nothing but these windows, and I went and held up the candle, and my master, and other witnesses saw him in the parlour; says he, go up stairs and stay till you hear the door bang, then come down and chain the door; he was in the yard near an hour, then he came up and called Nanny; I heard something drop, I took a bit of indigo, I picked it up and gave it to him, and he dropped it again, and I took it up again? I told my master of this, and he gave me orders to let him in.
Did you or your master go down to the cellar to see what this bundle was?
I told my master, and he said it was impossible to find it, there were so many things.
So you gave this poor fellow reason to believe that you had no objection to his taking anything belonging to your master?
No I did not, I told him the family would be all out.
Then when the poor fellow was just in and said now my dear, do not deceive me, you then coaxed him in?
No I did not.
But you told him no James, and that I should think from a pretty white woman would operate as coaxing, to a black man?
I should think not.
What was the prisoner to do?
Whatever he pleased.
What did you think he was to do;
I thought he came upon dishonest terms.
Then your master knew this?
He said it would not hurt my master, or anybody else.
Did you suppose it was something of the poor fellow's own, or something of his master's?
I did not know what it was, there is other peoples property in the warehouse.
Did you suppose it was something intrusted to your master's care?
I did.
So you represented to your master?
Yes.
And your master's directions were to let him in, and he would watch him?
Yes, I held the candle up that he might see him, I did not see what he did, I went up stairs as he bid me.
Is your master a single man?
No, Sir, he is father of many children.
The yard lays between your master's house and the cellar?
The warehouse joins to the cellar, there is a wall that parts the dwelling house.
Is there any room from the dwelling house to the warehouse?
None that I know of the way into it is another way.
The Friday night that Mr. Danvers mentioned this circumstance to me, I watched in the street, I saw the prisoner go into Mr. Danvers's street door, and I saw him come out in about three quarters of an hour, I took him, he had a quantity of indigo, which was in this bag; I watched by Mr. Danvers's desire; the indigo was in his shirt, his breeches, and his coat pockets, and some in a handkerchief; it is the same indigo, I have had it in my possession ever since.
I cannot see it by this light, but I knew it before my Lord Mayor.
Are yours the only warehouses for indigo?
No Sir, but in that place there are no warehouses but what I have the key of.
I live in St. Mary-Axe, the next door but one, our windows look into the prosecutor's yard; on the 5th of March the prisoner came down the yard; he was so much loaded he was obliged to left his bundle on the fill of the window.
My Lord, I have a few observations to offer, by when I trust to convince your Lordship that there has been no felony committed by this prisoner: as to the burglary; your Lordship has delivered me from that, and the crime must be therefore that of larceny. The books lay down this principle, that it must be a fraudulent or felonious taking and carrying away by any person of the goods of another; when they say that there shall be a fraudulent or felonious taking, it is to be observed, that all felony includes a trespass: if the party be guilty of no trespass in taking the goods, he cannot be guilty of a felony in carrying them away I take the liberty in order to apply the law to this case, shortly to state the law: this man does not against the will of the proprietor break into the premises, he does not commit any trespass whatever; but by the express direction and permission, and by the planning of the prosecutor, he has compleat dominion of the goods. I am disposed in this part of the case, to admit, without risk, that the Jury must find that he carried away the indigo; but, if I have laid down the principle of the law right, the felony cannot have been committed? has there been a trespass? how has that trespass been committed? this prosecutor planning in this manner with this woman, has acted a very strange part, to say no more of it: they watch him, they do not apprise him, they do not tell him he shall be hanged, but they suffer him to compleat the offence by carrying away the goods. There is a case, namely, that of Macdaniel and others, argued upon a special verdict by all the Judges, which is precisely this case: that Salmon one of the parties to the confederacy, went out upon the Deptford road, and it was contrived by these parties that Salmon should be robbed by one of the parties for the reward: Salmon was robbed by one of the parties the question was this, whether there could be a felony in taking from the person of Salmon his property, because it was manifest that it could not be against the will of Salmon that it was taken away, because he (though not as between him and the robber, but as between him and others) had previously agreed that he should be robbed of his property: the Judges held, and they held wisely, and they held soundly, that no felony could be committed against the property of a man in such circumstances, because it is ridiculous to common sense, to say that any thing is taken in violence: Now what in God's name, and the name of common sense, doth this differ from Mr. Danvers's case? I may take Mrs. Stockwell into the confederacy; for what purpose was this? not for the purpose of the reward to be sure, but for some other purpose these two parties have planned, that in a particular way, and by a particular mode, this man should be let into the possession of the property of Mr. Danvers, and he carries away: Can you say that there was a felonious taking against the will of the proprietor, he not only assenting to it, but ordering the man to be let in? as to the prisoner Salmon, there was a question there, whether he himself might not be guilty of the taking his own goods, and they were of opinion that that prisoner could not be guilty of that indictment, and on the other hand, if he did part with his money and goods in consequence of that agreement, it cannot be said that in legal construction he was robbed at all, since it is of the essence of a robbery and larceny; that the goods should be taken against the will of the owner: now my Lord, only permit me to conclude with saying, is your Lordship founded in this case to say, that the goods were taken against the will of the owner, Mr. Danvers?
The prisoner did not inform you what it was he was to take away?
No, he did not, he said, it was something that would not hurt my master or any body else, that he wanted to take it away, and he had had it along while.
You told your master exactly the conversation?
Yes.
How did he get into the cellar?
I do not know, there was a piece of the flap broke off.
There was this drawing iron, the flap was fastened by two bolts, I believe one of the men fastened it when I stood by.
Did you direct it to be any way differently fastened from what it was?
No, Sir, I did not know till then, that he could get in there, he put this iron in between the kirb and the flap, and so pushed it into the cellar, it was laid on the floor.
When you heard that this man was to come for a bundle, why did not you look in the cellar to see if there was a bundle?
I did look in several of the warehouses, but I saw no bundle, but the warehouses are so large: I thought he might have secreted it in some hiding hole under the stairs, she did not tell me where the bundle was, I did not know it was down in the cellar.
I have looked at the case you mentioned: I shall in this case leave it to the Jury, whether upon the evidence they are of opinion that this indigo was taken by the will of Mr. Danvers or not, directing them if they think it was by his will to acquit the prisoner: because it does not appear that Mr. Danvers had any distinct knowledge, what sort of fact was to be committed, but he waited to see the event what he should take; therefore, I think it remains in that degree of uncertainty; I think it is fit it should go to the Jury.
My Lord, I am very willing the case should be left to any Jury, I have a great number of witnesses to this poor fellow's character.
I live at College-hill, I am a carpenter; the prisoner has lodged in my house three years and a quarter, he had a very great character as ever I heard, and he always behaved well in my apartment; I have entrusted him with the key of my house, he never kept bad hours.
