I keep the Mitre-Tavern, by the Monument. In consequence of a conversation I had with Elizabeth Davis , who had lived with me, I sent her to the prisoner's house for half a piece of brown, and half a piece of white.
What did you understand by that?
I did not know at the time; I find since, brown is halfpence, and white, silver. She went and brought sixteen shillings worth of half-pence for half a guinea.
What was the price of the whites to be?
The same.
I was servant to Mr. Sowerby. My master sent me for half a guinea's worth of browns, and half a guinea's worth of whites.
What did browns mean?
Halfpence. I went to Mr. Stenson's, at No. 9, in Bull-and-Mouth street; I saw him, and asked him to let me have half a guinea's worth of brown ones, and half a guinea's worth of whites. He said, the whites were not quite ready, but they would be ready in an hour. He gave me half a guinea's worth of browns; he said he had not whites enough for his own customers, and I got none. I waited for the browns near an hour; then the prisoner gave them to me. I brought them home, and delivered them to my master; he counted them, and put them by.
Was it the prisoner that gave them to you?
Yes.
I was with Sowerby on the 10th of April, when he sent Davis to the prisoner for the halfpence. We went to the house on the 11th; we found in the cellar, the press, where the fly had stood; my brother found the dies. There were some halfpence and farthings found. (The halfpence and dies produced.) There were a parcel of unstruck farthings.
I am a monier of the mint. They are all counterfeit, I believe: I do not see any good ones among them.
These halfpence were delivered to me by Davis and Sowerby.
Davis came to me from the country; she was a destitute girl. I got her a place; she staid in that place about four months, and then came to me ill, and wanted me to get her into the hospital. I asked her, what was the matter? She said, she was ashamed to tell. I said, Betty, you have been playing the fool; she said, she had. I advised her to get into her own country. She came to me afterwards, and solicited my charity, to carry her into the country; she said she was not in place, and was better; and I gave her 15 s. in halfpence, to carry her into her own country.
