I had been at a friend's to spend the evening. In my return home I met the prisoner at the bar in Windmill-street; I went home with her to her lodging. I wound up my watch in her apartment. When I got up in the morning, I went to put on my clothes; I put my hand in my pocket and missed it.
What you laid there all night?
I did. When I found my watch missing I charged her with stealing it. She denied it very strongly. I went to a friend who came up with me to the prisoner's lodging again. She was going out at that time. We met her and desired her to go back to her own lodging, which she did. I offered her five shillings if she would return my watch; she denied having it. We then took her to Bow-street, before Sir John Fielding . Mr. Halliburton was there; he searched her, and found the watch in her pocket. I saw him take it out of her pocket.
Whether he did not leave the watch for sleeping all night with me, till such time as he came to redeem it the next morning?
I never said any such word.
Did you leave it with her?
No. I left my clothes and my watch in the other room, and in the morning when I went to put on my clothes, I found my watch and some silver which I had in my pocket, were gone.
I was going along King-street, Covent-Garden; the prosecutor followed me and asked me if I would go and drink any thing. He treated me with a glass of brandy. He went home with me, and he asked me if I chose any thing more to drink; we had a pot of gin hot; he gave me a shilling to fetch it. He said, I have got no money about me, but if you will take my watch till the morning, I will come and redeem it. He was gone four hours, then he brought a constable; the constable asked me if I had got the watch. I said I had; that he left it with me for sleeping with me all night. The prosecutor said, give me my watch, I will give you five shillings. I said no, that was not the agreement, that he promised to give me half a guinea, and if he would give me that I would give him his watch. I offered to give it him if he would give me the half guinea.
Did you agree to give her half a guinea?
I did not.
Nor leave your watch for any money?
I did not upon my oath.
I was told that there was a constable wanting in Russel-street, that a woman had stolen a gentleman's watch. I went, and found Mr. Walker bringing the prisoner along. I assisted to bring her into the office. In the office I asked if she had been searched; they said no. I said, you have done wrong not to search her before now; she has certainly disposed of the watch by this time. I searched her; there was nothing in the right-hand pocket; with great difficulty I got hold of the left-hand pocket, and pulled the pocket off before I could get my hand into it, she resisted so much; there I found this watch. She denied having the watch till I found it.
That gentleman who stands there was not the man who brought me before the justice. He said, will you give me the watch? I said I had it in my pocket but would not deliver it without the gentleman delivered me the half guinea he agreed for; then he took it by force out of my pocket.
Is that true?
It is not; no such thing passed; she denied having the watch.
