I took down in short-hand, in the sittings after last Hilary term, the trial at Guildhall, before the Earl of Mansfield, of the cause, Ford versus Yates. It was an action for words. The defendant, Robert Stanton , was examined on the part of the plaintiff: he deposed,
There was not any evidence produced on the part of Mr. Yates?
There was not.
The Jury gave a verdict for the Plaintiff, with 700 damages?
They did.
I live with Mr. Yates of Birmingham, as a clerk. I remember the defendant coming, in September, 1780, with a letter; it was about six in the evening: he enquired for Mr. Yates, who was not then in the way: he said, he wanted to see him in particular. Mr. Yates was sent for, and after a few minutes came. The defendant then delivered the letter to Mr. Yates himself. Mr. Yates took it into a room, and read it. When he returned again, the defendant requested an answer. Mr. Yates said he would give none; he had received similar letters before. Then the defendant pressed a second time for an answer. Mr. Yates then asked his name, which he declined telling; said it was of no signification; that he came to Birmingham, and had been desired to deliver that letter to him: he said Mr. Ford had particularly desired him to get an answer in writing. Mr. Yates said he would give no other answer than he had given before, which was none. He then went to the door with the defendant, and I followed them. I was as near to the defendant, when the conversation passed in the warehouse, as him now the door at which they went out, was not farther from me than the door of the Sessions-house is now. I passed them on the landing, and went down the stairs before them; but they were not more than three steps after me. When we came to the bottom of the stairs, the defendant turned to the right-hand, and I to the left: he appeared going away; but I saw no more of him, nor of my master. What I have related, was the whole of the conversation that passed between Mr. Yates and the defendant. I did not hear him speak any such words as Stanton swore he did, nor any words to that effect: if he had, I must have heard it, in the situation in which I was. I met Mr. Whitworth at the bottom of the stairs: I returned again to the warehouse in about five minutes. I never saw the defendant at my master's since. Timmings and Hamper were present at the time of this conversation.
I remember the defendant bringing a letter. I was not in the warehouse when he first came in. I came in before Mr. Yates came in. The defendant gave Mr. Yates the letter. Mr. Yates went into a room, and read it. When Mr. Yates came back, he told the defendant, that he had received, before, two or three letters similar, and should give the same answer, which was none at all. The defendant desired he would give an answer in writing. Mr. Yates asked his name: the defendant said it was of no signification; and Mr. Yates said, a second time, he should give no answer. Then the defendant left the warehouse. I was about four yards from the place where they stood conversing together. I did not hear the words charged in the indictment: if they had passed, I must have heard them.
Were Richards and Stanton conversing about the letter when you came in?
I cannot tell. As soon as Mr. Yates said he would give no answer, the defendant Stanton went out; and Mr. Yates went out about two or three minutes after him, and followed him close: he was not a yard distance from him.
You said Mr. Yates went out two or three minutes after the defendant, and that he was not a yard distance from him. How do you account for it, that the going of a yard could take up two or three minutes?
I was mistaken as to the time; he went out immediately after him, one directly after the other. Mr. Yates followed him out of my sight: I cannot tell where he went when he went out. What passed, or whether any thing passed, between Stanton and Mr. Yates, when they went out, I do not know. Mr. Yates was out about two or three minutes: then Mr. Whitworth and Mr. Yates came in together. Richards and the other clerk were employed at the desk. I did not continue long in the warehouse; I believe Richards went out before me. When I returned, Mr. Yates, Mr. Whitworth, Richards and Hamper, were in the warehouse. Mr. Whitworth had a letter in his hand. I do not remember taking notice of any words that passed then; I was about four or five yards off.
I knew of letters coming from Mr. Ford before the defendant came.
I saw the defendant go out, and go off the landing down the steps. Mr. Whitworth returned with Mr. Yates. I was at the desk all the time. No such words passed as those mentioned in the indictment; if there had, I should have heard them. When Mr. Whitworth and Mr. Yates came back, the letter was read. Stanton's first address was to me. Richards went down, and staid while the letter was reading. The subject matter of the dispute between Mr. Yates and Mr. Ford was concerning some bills and cash which had been sent to London. It was supposed by Mr. Yates, that Mr. Ford had received them, and refused to acknowledge the receipt. There was the name Thomas Downer put upon the back of one or two of the bills.
I was coming to the warehouse. I saw Stanton come out, and Mr. Yates follow him: there was not any conversation between them. Mr. Yates gave me a letter, which I read. We went up into the warehouse. I cannot say I saw Richards: I know he was at home at that time; but I do not remember seeing him.
I live at Birmingham. About the 10th or 12th of September, 1780, I went to Mr. Yates with a letter from Mr. Ford. Mr. Yates said, he did not believe the contents of the letter; but I really don't recollect what else he said.
Mr. Yates came to my house, at Birmingham, two years and a half ago; he told me he had every proof to prove Mr. Ford guilty of taking the box; that he could prove his indorsing the name, Thomas Downer , and that he passed many of the bills. This was said before the trial of the cause, Whitworth and Yates versus Ford.
I have heard Mr. Yates say, he suspected Mr. Ford to have the box which came for him by our carriage.
I have heard Mr. Yates say, he believed Mr. Ford had the box and the property.
About two or three years ago, Mr. Yates applied to me about a bill which had been taken at our house, indorsed, Thomas Downer : he desired me to go with him to Mr. Ford's house. As we were going along, he said, This man has broke open my box, and taken out my bills and money to the\\ amountof 100 l. or more: he said, I could hang him, but I would rather get my money of him. We went to Mr. Ford's. I sent up my name, and place of abode. Mr. Ford sent down his compliments, and said he would wait on me in the morning. The next morning, while Mr. Yates was conversing with me at my house, Mr. Ford came. As soon as I saw Mr. Ford. I said to Mr. Ford, in the hearing of Mr. Yates, Your are not the person that indorsed the bill Thomas Downer . I asked Mr. Ford to walk in: he said he would not while I was in company with that man. Mr. Ford, as he was going away, said, I have not done with you yet.
