I am second coachman to Mrs. Neville. On the 28th of July, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I met the prisoner between Coney Hatch and Southgate ; I was walking in the highway; I knew him before by sight; he lived at the Bricklayers-Arms, in John's street, Berkley-square. The prisoner passed me, and then turned back and overtook me again; he had a bill hook in his hand then, but I did not see it when he met me; he demanded my money, which I gave him; then he demanded my watch, which I refused to give him.
What words did he make use of?
He came up to me and said, I demand your money! I gave him three shillings and sixpence; then he said, I demand your watch! I refused to give it to him, upon which he struck at me with the hand bill, but I do not think he tried to hit me, but only to put me in fear; he took the watch out of my pocket and went away, and I saw no more of him till I saw him at Sir John Fielding 's about three weeks after.
Have you ever seen your watch since?
No.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man?
Yes, I am.
I searched the prisoner the day he was taken and found this piece of a watch chain upon him (producing it) The prisoner was taken in Holbourn.
I believe this is a piece of my watch chain; it is very much like it, but there is no particular mark upon it.
That is a piece of a chain which my fellow- servant made to a pair of scissars; I have had it twelve years. I never saw the prosecutor till I saw him before the justice.
I am servant to Mr. Bower of Coney Hatch I was robbed by the prisoner on the 15th of August, in a green field near Hornsey , between eleven and twelve o'clock at noon. I walked with him from Bowes farm to the place where he robbed me, which is about a mile and an half. He laid hold of me by my collar, presented a pistol to my breast, and said, Young man, I must have your money, and threatened to blow my brains out. I laid hold of the pistol, and struggled with him, but he overpowered me and got me down; then he pulled my watch out of my pocket. Two gentlemen were coming up on horseback; the prisoner seeing them ran off. I pursued him over two fields and then went to the two gentlemen to get them to pursue him, but he got away; I saw him the next day in Gray's-Inn-lane; I followed him to Holbourn-bars; I then went into the pawnbroker's shop, where I bought the watch and told them, that was the man who had robbed me, and we took him to Sir John Fielding 's; I asked him what he had done with my watch? He said, he had pawned it in Holbourn, but did not know which part of the street. I went with a man from the justice's and found it at Mr. Sowerby's.
I took a watch in pawn on the 15th of August, of a person who I believe is the prisoner, but I cannot be certain. I took it in about two o'clock I believe.
To the prosecutor. How far is Hornsey from London?
About five or six miles.
This is not the watch I pawned.
On the 16th of August the prosecutor came to me in the morning and asked me if I could tell the name of the maker of the watch he bought of me on the 7th of August? I looked at my book and told him the name was Charlson. He said he had been robbed of it near Hornsey; I advised him to go to Sir John Fielding 's and lay an information against, and give a description of the person. He came to me the next day and told me that the man who had robbed him was coming up Holbourn. I jumped over the counter, and as the man, who is the prisoner, was coming by my door I secured him; I put my hands into his pocket and took out this pistol (producing it) it was loaded up to the top and had two stones in it; we took him to Sir John Fielding 's; as we were going along in the coach I asked him what he had done with the watch? He said he had pawned it, but he did not know whether the shop was above or below the bars.
I know nothing of it.
