I keep a publick house in St. Giles's, I have known the prisoner for some years, I saw him in November last, he called for a pint of beer, and told me, he was very glad to see me, that he had been on board the Royal Charlotte two years, in a voyage to the East Indies; and he was just come to Portsmouth, and had an opportunity of coming on shore there, and coming round the river that he might not be pressed; he said, he had a chest, and he was going to get an order for his discharge, and an order for his wages; the next day he came again, and called for a pint of beer, and said, he had done his business, and he flung down the note on the table, says he, I want a little money to take me
to Portsmouth, to bring up my things; and here is the note, but the crimps that would have bought the note, wanted more in the pound than he would give; he said, that was Captain Cotton 's hand writing, and Mr. Burgess had signed it, and it was as good as the bank of England, as any body would give the money for it, or I might pay it away; he said, he would allow me a shilling in the pound; he said, he should be back again in three or four days, or a week; he had two pints of beer, and paid for it, I let him have five guineas, and he received it, and signed it on the back in his own hand writing.
Look at that?
That is the same note, I saw him write his name upon it; as he did not return, I suspected it was not good; I shewed it to two or three friends, and asked them if they thought it was good; they thought it was as good as the bank of England, and advised me to pay it to my brewer, or any body, as I might have a deal of trouble, in getting it paid at the India house, when it was due; I went to the India house, and a gentleman there told me, he believed it was not Captain Cotton 's hand writing.
I told him, I was come home from the West Indies, and that I had the note from another person; he offered to let me have money, before he saw the note.
I am paymaster of seaman's wages at the East India house, ( looks at the note) that is not my hand writing.
Is that Captain Cotton 's hand writing?
I do not believe it is, I have seen him write.
Have you any means of checking these notes when they come to you?
We never pay by such notes, the account is brought in, and the seamen come themselves, or appear by their attorney.
What is the authority under which you pay the seamen?
The husbands of the ships make up the accounts, and return them to me; I pay by the ledger.
Therefore of course you could not pay such an order as this, you would treat it as a mere nullity?
Certainly.
So then if such an order as this was to come to you, unless it was authenticated by the husband, you would not pay it?
No, not unless I have the husband's permission.
I understand you are commander of a vessel, called the Royal Charlotte?
Look at that prisoner, did such a man ever serve on board your ship?
No, never.
Had you any man of the name of Collin Reculest ?
Never.
Is that your hand writing?
Is there any body else here; that can prove this man was not on board the Royal Charlotte.
You attended at the examination?
Can you remember what passed from the prisoner, respecting being on board the Royal Charlotte, at Spithead?
He said, he went on board with a number of King's men, and helped to work the ship round to Portsmouth, that he was taken ill, and went on shore again.
But what did he say, as to his having gone the voyage?
He did not pretend to have gone the voyage, only to have been on board with a number of King's men, to work her round to Portsmouth.
When did the ship leave the river, on her outward bound passage?
Christmas, 1780.
If he had been at any time in the ship, there are regular accounts transmitted to the India house of every man, are there not?
That man could never have been on board my ship, without my knowledge.
The books are here?
Yes, these books are made up under my own eye, and no such name appears in the books.
Please your Lordship, I put off my trial last sessions, the person from whom I received that note not being in England, and I have two witnesses that have been with me ever since the last sessions, they were obliged to go away the night before last, to Portsmouth; they would have proved,
that I. I that note as good, of one Collin Reculest : The gentleman offered to let me have as much money as I would have on it.
You know you told your friend the publican that you yourself had been the voyage, and was just returned.
No, my Lord, I told him, I was just returned from the West Indies: I have been at sea all my life, ever since I was eight years old, in the King's service; I was along with Admiral Rodney, at the siege of Martinique, I have been discharged three times from the King's service; I have my arms broke, legs broke, and skull fractured; I entered on board the Zebra sloop, I was picked out by Sir Robert Bickerton; I was pressed by Lord Howe, and went to Gibraltar with him; I was wounded under Sir Roger Curtis; then I came home the latter end of last year, and that person owed me a great deal of money, and I took the note from him, I knew nothing at all that the note was bad.
Are you able to shew that there is a person of that name?
I had two persons here to prove it, they came to town on purpose to be here as witnesses.
I should have been very sorry to have been them here.
My Lord, I am a very unfortunate, and a very unhappy man. - They were waiting all day on Wednesday; I had likewise, Captain Englefield , that was Captain of the Centaur, and he is not present: I was brought up with him ever since last war, and we were both boys together: I have been in nineteen engagements, and twice cast away.
I am very sorry, that a man, that has seen such service, should stand in this situation.
My Lord, I can shew my body full of wounds, but my back is without a blemish; I had witnesses to prove my innocence on Wednesday.
Gentlemen, of this case is such, that I the prisoner by saying to is well for him and the that these two witnesses that he talks as it must have ended in his additional guilt of perjury and their being committed by the Court, as it is impossible from the representation, that the prisoner made to, that such account could be true: I should have been very glad to have heard any witnesses to his character, because it is not for me to say, what might have been the consequence of the strong recommendation of character: As to the prisoner uttering the note knowing it to be forged, you see it is an order to him personally according to his representation to Luffnan: The component parts of this charge, seem to be all very directly proved, and therefore, is a bill of exchange or an order for payment of money, (and one of them is certainly is,) there is every circumstance necessary, to constitute this charge sufficiently established before you in evidence; and so established, that if he had attempted to give that kind of evidence to you, that he talked off, it would only have ended in aggravating his crime.
