I am a carpenter . Last Sunday was five weeks, I met the prisoner in the street. She took me to Lewkner's-lane . I had no money; I agreed to let her have my buckles, and I promised to fetch them in the morning, and give her three shillings. She took them and pledged them. I had not been in bed with her above ten minutes before she took my watch from under my head; I felt her hand under my head, and felt her take it; then she made an excuse to go out of the room for the chamber pot. I was clear she had my watch. Then I followed her and said you have got my watch.
Was she undressed?
Yes. She went out of the room without putting on her clothes. She began to swear at me and said she had not got it. I went back into the room to look for the candle , and followed her up stairs. She went up into the attick story; there was a boy there in a cheque shirt. I heard the chain of my watch rattle in her hand after she had got it; and I had nothing about my breeches but my watch. I called the watchman; he came; we searched for the watch but it was never found. We took the prisoner to St. Giles's roundhouse.
You had been drinking I suppose by your picking up this woman?
Only very little.
Was you sober?
I was not sober, but sensible enough that she took my watch.
Do you know with certainty whether you had your watch after you got into the room with her?
Yes, I am clear of it because she had it in her hand in the room, and I took it out of her hand again; I let her have my buckles and not the watch.
You did not find your watch about the bed afterwards?
No, and we made all the search we could.
Had any other person been in the room till after you missed your watch?
No, and after she got to bed I heard the chain rattle in her hand.
He gave me the buckles; I went to bed with him; after he used his pleasure with me, in order to get his buckles back again, he charged me with stealing his watch. He had been with another girl and she had stolen all the money out of his pocket.
I had no money for the whole evening; I had but seven pence when I went out in my pocket , and I spent that.
