I am shopman to Mr. Young. I lay in the shop. On the 22d of September, between two and three in the morning, I thought I saw a light in the parlour. I sat up in my bed, and looked through the parlour-window, and there I saw a man, with a dark-lanthorn, dressed in a lightish coloured great coat, and a round hat. I got up softly, and went up stairs, and called Mr. Young. He called a watchman, that was passing by. We then armed ourselves, and went down stairs. There were two plates taken out of the sky-light which looks into the parlour, and a ladder let down into the room. I then went, and opened the door. Two watchmen were at the door, with the very man I had seen in the parlour. I knew him by his size, his great coat, and his round hat. I had not an opportunity to observe his features, but I know him by those circumstances. I then believed, and still believe, from those circumstances, that it was the same man I had seen in the parlour. Another watchman came out with a silver mug, and candlestick, and said he had knocked down the prisoner, and taken them out of his hands.
I am a watchman. About half after two o'clock, Mr. Young called Watch, three times. As soon as Mr. Young drew in his head, two men rushed out of an empty house, next door to Mr. Young's. The prisoner was one. I pursued, and kept sight of him, by his light-coloured coat, (he described him in his dress, exactly as Ord did.) I overtook him in Ave-Mary-Lane, and knocked him down with a staff. I found this mug, and candlestick, (producing them) I gave him to two more watchmen. I then carried the things to Mr. Young's, who owned them.
I am a watchman. The prisoner was delivered to me by Frogley. I carried him to Mr. Young, and searched him at the watch-house. I found a hanger, without a sheath, in a hole, in the lining of his coat. Before I searched him, he said he had nothing: afterwards, he said he found the hanger in the street, and picked it up. When I came out, he was just rising from the ground.
I came up before Barry, after Frogley had hold of the prisoner by the collar. I did not see any thing of his being knocked down. Frogley left him with me. Barry came immediately to my assistance. I did not see any thing in Frogley's hand. I think I should have seen it, if he had had a silver mug, or a candlestick in his hand.
The prisoner is the man, whom the watchman brought to my house. The empty house next door to me, has a sky-light facing mine, on the same leads; and there are also sash-windows, which were left up, that any one might go in and out upon the same leads that lead to that sky-light, through which the person, whoever it was, that broke into my house, certainly came. I delivered the mug, and candlestick to the constable, and they were the same Frogley brought me. They are my property.
I should be obliged to your lordship to ask Mr. Young, whether Frogley did not come out of the empty house, with the things, and say, Here they are.
No. They were ringing at my street-door, before I could open it. The prisoner, with eight or ten men, were standing at the door, and they told me, they had got him. My young man was at the door first. Frogley was at the door with the things.
I know nothing at all about it. The man said, he knocked me down. I asked them all at the watch-house, to look at me, to see if there were any marks of my having been knocked down.
I am a clerk in the Prerogative-office, Doctors'-Commons. I am a perfect stranger to the prisoner.
How came you here to give evidence?
I was subpoena'd. The prisoner asked me some questions in the watch-house, and asked my name. I went the next day to the examination. I was too late. He asked me my name again.
Was you present when the prisoner was taken?
I was the first next to Frogley, that laid hold of his collar. I saw Frogley lay hold of him.
Did Frogley do any thing to the prisoner before he laid hold of him?
Not that I saw; only laid hold of his collar.
Did he knock him down with his staff?
Not to my knowledge.
If he had knocked him down with the staff, must you have seen it?
I think so.
Did you see Frogley take any thing from him?
No.
Nor see Frogley hold a mug and candlestick in his hand?
No. I asked Frogley what he had done. He said he was a housebreaker. By the time he gave his answer, another watchman came up. He delivered him to that watchman, and I left him.
When the second watchman came up, was he stooping or standing?
He was upright
Did you see the prisoner before Frogley laid hold of him?
I saw a man running before Frogley. I was running in pursuit of the man. Frogley was running before me. He called out, Stop him!
Did you see where he came from?
No.
Did you see Frogley overtake and lay hold of him?
I did.
You did not see Frogley strike him with his staff, and knock him down?
No.
Nor take any thing from him?
I did not.
Was it possible for him to knock him down, and take a mug and candlestick out of his hand, without your seeing it?
I should think not.
How far were you from him?
About five or seven yards.
You did not hear him say he had found any thing upon him?
Not till he got into Mr. Young's house. The prisoner was dressed in a light-coloured great-coat, and round hat.
I was coming up Ludgate-hill, and I saw a mob. I asked what was the matter. They said a house-breaker was taken. I stood among the mob, as the rest did. I saw a tallish man come up; he said, Here it is! here it is! and they had a youngish man in custody; who he was, I cannot say.
Look if you see the man in court.
I cannot say I do: he was a man, tallish, like me.
What had he in his hand, when he said, Here it is!
I can't say: it looked like silver.
Where did he come from?
Out of some house; but I cannot say whether it was a dwelling-house, or an empty house; and they took him, and carried him round St. Paul's church-yard. They went away, and I followed him.
What house did the man come out of who said so?
I can't say what house in part ticular.
Was it a house upon Ludgate-hill?
It was a house upon Ludgate-hill.
What are you?
A plumber.
How came you here to give evidence?
I was talking of it in a public-house at Billingsgate. There is a poor fellow, said I, taken about house-breaking, and carried to the watch-house, upon suspicion. A certain person happened to be there: she said, I will take care you shall come to tell the truth, and nothing but the truth.
How came you or this woman to think that what you have said now should be material for this man - that you should say you saw somebody come out of the house, and say, Here it is! here it is!?
I spoke it inadvertently: a woman gave me a subpoena, that I must come, or should not work any more at my trade, nor any thing else.
But how did that woman, or any body else, know that you could say any thing for the prisoner?
All I know, I have told.
Did you know what the watchmen were to say?
No.
Where did you first say any thing of this?
At the Rising-sun.
Who was it there that said she would have you upon the trial?
A woman that buys oysters.
Do you know who that woman was?
Her name is Nancy, I believe Nancy Waters .
What is she to the prisoner?
Nothing that I know of.
And she said you should come upon the man's trial?
Yes.
How long was this after the affair happened?
On Monday, I think.
When did the affair happen?
It was on a Saturday.
And this was last Monday?
Last Monday, when she brought me a subpoena.
To Ord. Have you any certainty that the man that was brought back by the watchmen was the man you saw in your master's parlour?
He had the same dress, and appeared to me to be the same; the transaction was almost immediately after: it was all done in a quarter of an hour, I suppose, or less.
To Frogley. Where did you first seize the prisoner?
Coming out of the door of the empty house.
What did you go back for to the empty house, after you had delivered the prisoner to the watchmen?
To see if any body else was concealed in the house. I searched from the top to the bottom of the house.
Where did you find this plate?
In his own hand.
It was after you had been in the empty house, you went with the plate to Mr. Young?
I went to the door, and saw the door open; that was before I went into the empty house.
You said, that when you had taken this man, you delivered him to the other two watchmen, to carry him with them, and then ran immediately to the empty house, to search it?
I did.
How, then, came you now to say you took the plate to Young before you went to the empty house?
No: I went to the empty-house door first; they were so thronged with people, they went in before me: then I went to Mr. Young, and asked him if this was his property; and then I went to the empty house.
