I keep the Crown , at Limehouse . I saw this sail in the evening of the 14th: it was on board my vessel, which lay off at my back-door. On the 15th, in the morning, I went on board, and missed my fore-sail. It was bent to the stay. I saw it afterwards at Mr. Bankes's warehouse: he keeps a public-house, and a rope-warehouse. I had offered a guinea reward to the watermen: they gave me a hint that it was at Mr. Bankes's. I went there, and saw it.
How long have you had the fail?
I bought the vessel and fail, about six months ago, of Mr. White. It was a gentleman's pleasure-boat.
I am a waterman. I heard this fail was lost, and saw it put upon Mr. Bankes's wharf by the prisoner. He brought it in a boat. I was walking by, and saw him. Mr. Bankes ordered me to put it into his warehouse, till he could hear of the owner of it.
Did the prisoner desire it might be left there, till an owner could be found for it?
Yes, he did; and Mr. Bankes gave me a note, to go and enquire about the fail and the iron.
Did he desire it might be left there, till an owner should be found for it?
Yes.
Did the prisoner mention that it should be locked up, till an owner could be found?
No; he did not mention any thing of that.
When the prisoner brought this fail to Bankes's wharf in the boat, what did he say to Bankes?
He brought it there first to sell it. Mr. Bankes said he would not buy it. Then the prisoner went about his business. Mr. Bankes said he should keep it till somebody came to own it.
Was the prisoner detained?
Not then.
I live at Deptford. I keep a public-house and rope-ground. The prisoner brought four pieces of anchor, and this fore-sail, to sell: he said he had found them in the river. I said, I thought they could not be honestly come by: I should put them in the warehouse. He said, he wanted some money, to buy him a pair of shoes. I said, I should have no objection, knowing him, to let him have 6 s. to buy him shoes; but I should stop the things. I sent this waterman about with a note, up and down, to find out the owners; and Mr. Argill came, and owned the property.
He knows I desired them to be advertised.
That was after they were stopped.
On the 15th of June, I got up about four in the morning. Between four and five, I saw a boat driving up the river. She was near the shore. I made to her, and stopped her; and seeing these things, I took them to Mr. Bankes's, to find an owner for them. Mr. Bankes promised to advertise them, and gave me nine shillings. He said, when he found an owner, he would take care I should have something; and he sent Cooper out with a note, to find the owner.
