I am a farmer , and live near Hoxton. On the 16th of August I had been to fetch Mrs. Gray, and three of my daughters from Sadler's Wells. From the city road turnpike there is a footpath goes across the fields to Hoxton ; when we had got about thirty yards in the field next to the city road, a person came behind me, put an handkerchief round my eyes, and said, d - n your blood, if you stir or speak you are a dead man! I was a little before Mrs. Gray, I had passed three people who were standing at the rails, as we were getting over; I said I have got very little cash about me. The man put his right knee under my left ham, and bent me back, and then I felt my watch pulled out of my pocket very plain.
Was there more than one person attacked you?
I was blind and could not see who did it, but when I got my eye-sight again, by his taking the handkerchief off, I saw there was but one man. He had then got fifteen or perhaps twenty yards off; then he ran and I ran after him. My daughter ran to the city road and cried out thieves and murder ! When I saw my children standing upon their legs, and none seemingly hurt, I ran after him and cried Stop thief too; he was never out of my fight till he was taken. It was a very bright moon-light night. There were people walking about, so that many people came about soon. He ran the same way we had come.
Is that the man?
The prisoner is the man I am sure. I never found my watch again; they were pulling him one way and another, to search for fire-arms, but they found none upon him I believe.
When you first got your eye-sight, was there any other man near you than the man you saw running away?
No other. I saw two men running at two hundred yards distance, I suppose. I had seen three people standing together at the rails as we got over.
Did you take notice enough of him to know whether he was one of them?
No, and if he had ever been out of my sight I should not have known him again.
I went with Mr. Petit's daughters to Sadler's Wells. Mr. Petit came to us to see us home. We had just got a little below the city turnpike; we went into the field; three men followed us over the stile. Mr. Petit's eldest daughter who had hold of my arm, said she did not like those three men. The next thing I saw was, the prisoner clapped an handkerchief over Mr. Petit's face, and held it behind him.
Are you sure it was the prisoner?
I am positive to him; he said curse and d - n your blood, if you speak or mention another word you are a dead man. I went up and took him by the collar. I said, curse you, you are not going to kill the man. He got from me and ran over the field into the road, there I saw two men get hold of him, but I never lost sight of him. I did not see him take the watch.
How long might this be about?
I do not believe they were together two minutes.
Suppose he had not been taken then had you observed him sufficiently to be sure he was the man?
If I had seen him among forty others afterwards, if he had not been taken at the time, I could have sworn to him. It was very light, and when I laid hold of him I turned him fairly round.
Had he the same clothes on then which he has now?
He had the same coat and waistcoat on, but his hair was more tumbled down, it was not so well put up then as it is now.
What time was this?
About ten o'clock.
As I was coming from Sadler's Wells, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw many people run; I ran likewise, and being nearly at the head of the mob, the people who ran said, Which way did he go? I said I do not know. I did not see him run; I did not see the man at all. Some people who were a-head, laid hold of me and said, I suppose this is the man. They held me till these people came up; the woman directly said, that is the man! that is the man! They searched me and took me to the watch-house. I never saw the watch nor the man neither. They searched me again at the watch-house to see if they could find arms or watch about me, but they found none.
I am a statuary. I have known the prisoner nearly four years; he always behaved himself extremely well towards me. I have employed him many times to receive considerable sums of money for me, and always found him a faithful, diligent servant ; he has had many opportunities to have wronged me but I firmly believe he never wronged me of sixpence.
Have you that good opinion of him that if he was discharged from hence you would take him into your service again?
I would\\ not\\ withstanding all I have heard; he may have been drawn in by those who have more cunning and less courage than himself.
I am a statuary and wood-carver. I have known the prisoner near four years; I always thought him an honest diligent man.
