I live in Clerkenwell . I have a colour warehouse; the house adjoins the colour warehouse.
Do you know the prisoner?
I did not see her; I happened to be out the whole day when this happened.
Who did see her?
My servant and my wife, who hired her. I know the property which was found to be mine.
I am housekeeper to Mr. Crawford. Upon the 1st of November my master was distressed for a servant; I went to the office in Holbourn, facing St. Andrew's Church. I enquired for a servant; the prisoner was recommended to me. My mistress hired her at twelve o'clock the next day. I was not in the room when she was hired.
Did she act as a servant in the house?
Yes, the time she staid, which was from twelve o'clock till within a quarter of six at night. Then I went down stairs to show her where the candles and candlesticks were, that she might bring up lights. I found the door open. I walked into the kitchen and missed her. I found a white apron on the floor in the kitchen; I went to hang it up under a cloak, which belonged to my young mistress, and missed the cloak. I was frightened, and ran up to the side-board; the plate was all gone, except a coffee-pot and a butter-boat. All the pieces of plate mentioned in the indictment were gone (repeating them)
How long before she was gone had you seen all that plate in the house?
Not above five minutes before.
Was there any other person in the house who could take the plate away?
No. There was no person in the house but my mistress, the young lady, and me.
You do not know where they were found?
No.
I am a silversmith in the Strand, just through Temple-bar. I bought some plate, I believe of the prisoner, but there is so great an alteration I can hardly swear to the identity of the woman; she was full of flesh then. I have great reason to believe she is the woman, but if she had not been in custody some time I could have sworn to her. I gave information the next evening after the robbery, within ten minutes after I had received the hand-bill. I told Mr. Bond I should know the woman from a thousand. I am sure the person produced there was the woman.
The prisoner is the woman who was at the publick-house, and she is the woman we hired. She acknowledged at the justice's that she was the person.
To Burgh. When was the plate brought to you by the prisoner?
On the 2d of November, about twenty minutes after six in the evening.
I have nothing to say.
