I live with Mess. Tudor Griffiths , William Storrs Fry , and Nathan Robinson , who are partners and tea-dealers , at the corner of Bow-church-yard . We lost 106 lb. of bohea tea from their yard, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning of the eighth of this month; it was in a chest which lay on a truck. I saw it there that morning when I was in the warehouse; I heard the voice of a boy at the bottom of the yard, and I perceived my fellow-servant running out of doors. I followed them as fast as I could; I went into Bow Church-yard, and across Cheapside, into the entrance of a passage that leads into Honey-lane Market; there I perceived the prisoner with the chest on his shoulders; my fellow-servant being a few yards before me, came up with him first, and laid hold of the chest; the prisoner stood still when he laid hold of the chest, and let the chest go down: I laid hold of the prisoner's collar.
Can you swear to the chest being your masters?
Yes; on the night before, I saw the chest filled with the bohea tea, nailed up, and put in a mat in order to be sent on board a ship the next day: it was directed R. Rayner, Hull; it was going to Hull. I laid hold of the prisoner's collar, and said, Friend, you must come along with us; he did not say any thing to us.
I directed the chest, and was present while it was packed up. On Wednesday, the 8th of this month, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, we were in the warehouse. A boy ran up the yard, and said a man was going away with some of our tea. I ran out directly, and when I came to the corner of Bow Church-yard, I saw a man going up the passage into Honey-lane Market with this chest of tea on his shoulder; when we took him, I asked him where he was going with the chest; he said, he did not know.
I shall be 13 years old next 5th of November.
Who made you?
God.
If you do not speak the truth, what will become of you?
I shall go to hell (He is sworn.)
What did you see pass on the Wednesday morning in this gentleman's yard?
I live with Mr. Pool, in Cheapside. On Wednesday, the 8th of May, our young man sent me to the barber; I was going through Bow Church-yard, and saw the prisoner come down Mr. Fry's yard, with a stick in his hand; there were two more men and a boy stood at Mr. Fry's gate, and they all whispered together; I went through the yard into Bow-lane, to tell the hair-dresser to come to my master. As I came back, I saw the other two men bring down the chest of tea, and put it on the prisoner's shoulder.
Are you sure it is the prisoner?
Yes; I ran up the yard and knocked at the warehouse door, and informed Mr. Price's people of it, and they pursued him. The two men that took it away went towards Cheapside.
I am a porter . Going through the Church-yard, two gentlemen called me, and asked me to carry a chest of tea to Smithfield. I said I had not my knot. They said they would give me a shilling. I said I would endeavour to carry it. I was going with them for the chest; they told me to wait, and they would bring it out to me; they brought it out, and lifted it on my back; they said they would follow me; they bid me go through Honey-lane Market. When they stopped me, I told them two gentlemen gave it me, and they were behind me.
On Wednesday morning, the 8th of this month, about half after eight o'clock, I was coming from market, and was going through Bow Church-yard. As soon as I came out of Cheapside, on to the pavement by the church, I saw the prisoner, a man and two boys. The prisoner stepped across the Church-yard to me.
