On the 19th of March, I lost some things; on the 20th of March, I lost a great many other things. The prisoner lodged in my house: I was going out upon business; I told the prisoner, in the morning, I was going from home, and should not be back 'till late. The prisoner asked a great many odd questions, but did not raise any suspicions in my mind at that time: I went away. As I was returning home, I was told my house was robbed; I went home, and missed all the things mentioned in the indictment, and two trunks were gone, one of which, I am sure, was locked. While I was walking up and down in my room, I stepped upon two pawnbroker's duplicates; I took them up; they were of goods stolen on the 19th of March. I carried them to Bow-street; there, I was informed, from whence those tickets came. I went to Mr. Rochfort's, the pawnbroker; upon shewing them the tickets they said, they had got the goods, and they would enquire after the man: they afterwards found him in the Poultry Compter. I left the prisoner in my house, when I went out; when I came back, the prisoner, and all the goods, were gone. I gave 7 l. 10 s. for the watch; it was made on purpose for me.
I live with Mr. Rochfort, a pawnbroker. I received all these things of the prisoner, on the 20th of March; I lent him 2 l. 11 s. upon them.
A bill came payable upon Mr. Waller, while I was with him; he asked me to come and stay, while I was out of place. The man who had the bill came, and said, he would trouble him, if he did not pay it. Mr. Waller desired me to take these things to Mr. Rochfort's, and pawn them, which I did: I passed as his nephew, and he as my uncle, in the court where he lived. When I took them to pawn, Mrs. Rochfort asked, if her man should go and speak with my uncle; I said, Yes. When she found I was willing that her man should go with me to my uncle, she was satisfied. I drank harder than I should do; I lost some of the money, and was afraid to return.
What was the bill for, that was due?
I think it was 30 l. Mr. Watson, of St. Alban's-street, Pall-Mall, had the bill: the money was to be paid by Mr. Waller to Mr. Watson; Mr. Waller neglected going to Mr. Watson for three or four days, and it was he threatened Mr. Waller.
Was there any such bill?
When I first came to London, I missed a bill.
Was there a bill of that sort?
He had nothing to say to that bill. I never desired him to pawn any thing whatever: I never pawned any thing in my life.
How came you to take that young man into your house?
I kept a house of lodgings; from the 5th to the 20th, he was in my house; I looked upon him honest: he told me, he was an honest young man.
How came you to let him pass for your nephew?
I cannot tell.
Was there ever any conversation between you and him upon that subject?
No.
Did you ever give him leave to pass as your nephew?
No, never.
