I have a house at Tottenham , and I have a garden of about a quarter of an acre adjoining to my house, which is fenced partly by wall and partly by hedge. It is fenced in on every side. I have a pond there, which is about twenty yards long and about ten yards wide, in which I keep gold fish; and there are some tench too. My pond has been robbed divers times from last July to October. I knew nothing of the prisoner till he applied to me to sign a paper to prosecute rogues and villains, who he said were not fit to live. He was to raise them up to me; I knew nothing of them. He asked me if I would prosecute them, and wanted it under my hand. I told him I did not understand what he meant, for he did not care to tell me the names of those rogues and villains. I know nothing about his taking my fish, only I heard him confess it when he was examined before Mr. Townsend, and he offered to make me any restitution.
Were there any promises made at that time in order to induce his confession?
None at all. He said he had robbed me, he had been through my fish pond twice in one night between July and October.
Tulk sent to me on the 14th of November, and desired to speak with me. I went to her house. She told me her fish-pond had been robbed, and that she had a clue to find out the people who had robbed her; that I believe was on the 13th or 14th; that there was one Mitchel, a farmer in the neighbourhood, who had been concerned in it. I sent for Mitchell whilst I staid with Mrs. Tulk. He came, and from him I took down in writing information sufficient for me to grant warrants to apprehend Etherington and Sorrell, and a search-warrant against the prisoner, who was taken up for receiving the fish, but it came out afterwards that he had been guilty of stealing them. The officers found the prisoner; Etherington and Sorrell were not found that day, but they were brought before me the next. There were about twenty or twenty-five gold and silver fish brought, which the officers said they took out of a kind of back in the prisoner's yard; they had particular marks upon them. He was then sent back again that night, which was I believe the 14th or 15th, and brought the next day for further examination. Mrs. Tulk said, These are my fish, but where is my Neptune? a particular fish she called by that name. The next day Sorrell and Etherington were taken, and they were all brought together before me. There then came one Wright as a voluntary witness; he had been concerned in the matter. He charged the prisoner, before me, with being himself in the pond. Etherington and Sorrell were servants to the prisoner. Wright said that himself, Etherington, and Hundsdon came together at the latter end of July into Mrs. Tulk's garden; that the net, in going through the pond, was hung, it being a staked pond, and Hunsdon said to his man Etherington, Will, Will, go into the pond and unbang the net; that Etherington said he would not go in; upon which Hundson himself went into the pond twice. Hunsdon said he was in the pond. A great deal of conversation passed; they were refreshing one another's memory with the facts. Wright charged the prisoner with having bad his own share of the fish, and the prisoner said, No, I had not, I only chose for
Etherington. Etherington said, Yes, but you had the fish. No, says Hunsdon, You had them, and carried them as a present to such a person, naming some person in the Sheriff's-office. Etherington replied, No, you had all of them, I had none, I carried them with your compliments to such a person. Towards the close of the examination Hunsdon walked about by the side-board, and said, To be sure it is a sad affair, and we have all been guilty.
Was the time mentioned when this net was hung in the pond?
None of them could fix the exact day; it was understood to be towards the end of July.
When was the indictment found?
In December session. Hunsdon then moved to another part of the room, and came near Mrs. Tulk, and said, If the lady will forgive me, I will give her all her fish again, and those I bought at Walthamslow; he said he had bought some at nine shillings a brace, and would make her any other satisfaction that she desired. I told him it was a felony, and could not be compounded. I made out the warrants of commitment for them all, and Hunsdon made his escape. The other two were tried and convicted in December session.
There were some live gold fish produced before Mr. Townsend, were there any marks by which you thought them to be your's?
Yes, upon a great many. I had had these fish a great many years. I believe they were mine, I had all the reason in the world to believe so. I used when I walked in the garden to feed them once or twice a day.
Was the fish you called Neptune produced?
No, that fish never appeared.
When you asked me if I was ever in the pond, did I not say I will reserve that for another occasion?
He said that after what I have mentioned, but what I have mentioned he did say.
You said I gave nine shillings a brace for the fish?
He said he bought some at Walthamstow; and to the best of my remembrance he said he gave nine shillings a brace for them, and would give them to Mrs. Tulk, as well as her own fish again.
I live in Moorfields. I am a sheriff's officer. About the latter end of July last, I went with the prisoner into a garden at the back of Tottenham. There were Hunsdon, Etherington, and one James, a gardener; Sorrell was not there then. We had a casting net. The prisoner and we dragged the pond with it, and we took twenty-three or twenty four fish; there were some of them brown.
At what time was you there?
About twelve or one o'clock; it was a lightish night. The fish were shared when we got to Hunsdon's house. The net was hung once or twice; Hunsdon undressed himself and went in and undid it.
You are sure this was about the latter end of July last?
Yes, but I cannot recollect the day.
How long have you known the prisoner?
Four or five years.
Does not he buy fish?
He bought some one time.
Does not he sell fish?
I cannot say that he does.
Did he not buy some about this time?
He did somewhere about this time of a man at Walthamstow.
I understand you were concerned with him?
Yes.
Upon what terms are you admitted evidence?
I came and resigned myself voluntarily, and gave an information against him.
I suppose it was upon a promise that you was not to be prosecuted?
No promise at all.
Whether Etherington did not tell you it was in a field that he was going to catch fish?
He did not say so before I went, or I should not have gone.
Did it appear to you to be a garden?
It did when I got there.
Was there a bank to this place like a field?
It was over a bank by the side of two haystacks.
You did not know it was Mrs. Tuck's pond?
No.
What did I give for the fish I bought at Walthamstow?
Threepence a piece.
I had a warrant from Mr. Townsend to search Hunsdon's house. In the yard behind the house we found the fish in a large place made for the purpose of keeping fish. He at first said be bought them at Walthamslow. Afterwards he said that the lady's fish were there.
Did you mention the lady's name to him?
I did mention Mrs. Tulk's name to him; after that he said the lady's fish were there. I took out with a net about twenty-five or twenty-six. He said that Etherington and Sorrell brought them to him. I took him with the fish to Bruce Castle , before Mr. Townsend.
Were any of these very large?
No; there were some very large in the trough; he said those were not Mrs. Tulk's. He said he knew the fish, and he took them out as Mrs. Tulk's fish. We had some intelligence of Etherington and Sorrel, and Mr. Townsend remanded him for that night in order that we might catch the other two; and we took the other two that night. The next day we took them all before Mr. Townsend. They quarrelled before Mr. Townsend about what had been the division of the fish. I should have mentioned that we met Wright that night; Wright said he had been with him there, and he came as a voluntier to prove the fact.
Did Hunsdon deny the fact before Mr. Townsend?
No, he never denied the fact; he spoke of some friends he could bring to speak to Mr. Townsend to soften the matter.
Did I confess the fact?
He did in as plain terms as a man could d.
Was the time mentioned when the fact was committed?
Several times were mentioned from the latter end of July till the 5th of October. Mr. Townsend then committed him. I left him with two officers, but he got away from them, and was not taken till very lately.
Did he own several facts from July till the beginning of October?
Yes; and told where he had made presents of some of them. I went and fetched six or seven from Mr. Cater's, in Ely-Place, and restored them to Mrs. Tulk.
Did Mr. Cater say I brought them, or that William Etherington brought them?
Mr. Cater told me that Hunsdon sent them as a present to him with his compliments.
In what way did he confess?
He said the lady's fish were in that place and he would take them out; he took out about twenty-five or twenty-six.
Were there any marks upon them?
They were so particularly marked that when they were produced to the lady before Mr. Townsend, she said they were her fish, but she would not venture to swear to them though the marks were so very particular.
I had the prisoner to the Compter after he was retaken; he told me he was very glad the six months was elapsed that they could not hurt him; he told me afterwards that in case I would make interest to Mr. Alderman Townsend to be favourable to him, he would make me a present of a brace of pistols mounted with silver, and likewise a pair of the same sort to the town clerk; and a fowling piece to Mr. Gates.
I have some witnesses to call to prove where I bought these fish. It is not possible for a person to know fish one among another.
I am a bricklayer. I had some gold and silver fish given me by a gentleman that I did business for; I put them in a pond; I
cleaned it out last summer and took them out and I sold twenty to the prisoner. I believe it was in July, or near the latter end of the month; nearer the latter end than the fore part of the month.
What quantity?
They were mostly gold, but there were some silver; there were one or two a little black spotted. He gave a shilling a piece for them. He took them from my house himself; they were most of them large fish.
Did you know that the prisoner dealt in fish?
I heard him say he had bought some before.
Did you ever see his pond?
No; I never did.
Could you swear positively to your fish if they were brought into court?
I cannot say; I know they were differently marked, and some were white under the belly.
There are a great many white under the belly?
Not a great many.
I believe they change their colour; sometimes they are brown and turn?
Yes.
Mr. Wright said he saw me buy some fish about fifty-seven. Here has been a great spite and animosity towards me in Alderman Townsend.
Mr. Hunsdon, if you will take my advice you had better say nothing.
I am a baker; I live opposite Shoreditch church. I have known the prisoner near upon seven years; he always bore a very good character as far as ever I heard. I have known him to have fish a considerable time; he kept them in a kind of back in the yard and some in globes in his parlour window.
What has been his way of life?
A marshalsea court officer part of the time.
I am a publican. I have known him five or six years. I never heard but what he had a very good character since I have known him.
I believe you are his security to the sheriff?
He is one of my securities to the present sheriff.
Are you security to the present sheriffs now?
Yes.
Did he keep gold and silver fish?
Not that I know of.
You say you are security now to the sheriff, do you mean to say at the present time?
Yes.
Do you mean to say that the prisoner is now a sheriff's officer?
Yes; I am security at this time for him.
Then he is an officer?
Yes.
The securities are in court?
Mr. Taylor, Mr. Walker, Mr. Becket, and Mr. Bowstead; they have signed the bonds to the present sheriff, but now the officers find six; and till such time as six are put in the other securities have not signed.
I imagine you did not give the prisoner leave to fish in this pond?
Certainly I did not, it was against my consent.
I have known the prisoner between seven and eight years; he has borne a very good character as far as ever I heard; he has done business for me; he was accounted very honest to me as an officer.
I have known the prisoner about three years; he has borne a very good general character as for what I have ever heard, he always paid me very honestly for what he had of me. I am a publican, I serve him with beer.
I have known the prisoner between three and four years. He has a very good general character to the best of my knowledge.
I have known the prisoner seven or eight years; I never heard any thing amiss of him till this affair; he has done business for me and always behaved very honestly.
I have known him near seven years; I
never knew any thing to the contrary but that he was a very honest industrious man.
You had some of these fish I believe?
I never had them.
Did not you bring some to Mrs. Tulk?
Yes; at the request of the prisoner.
