I live in Upper Berkeley-Street, Grosvenor-Square . I am a servant out of place. I was robbed about three weeks ago, between eight and nine o'clock, as I was going home to my lodging from Mary-le-bonne in a coach. I had been in John Woodall 's house, and left three guineas with him to keep for me till I went away; when I went out he gave me two guineas and 18 s. in silver, and sent his child for a coach for me. The prisoner was the coachman ; he stopped me in one of the squares, and came into the coach and ill used me, so that he left my flesh black and blue, and he robbed me of two guineas, 18 s. and my silver buckles.
Describe what he did?
He used me very indecent, dragged me by my arms; he mauled me in the coach and left my flesh all black.
What sort of rudeness; did he want to take indecent liberties with you?
He did. I had the money when I went into the coach; when I came out I told the people where I lived, that I had been ill used, and robbed of two guineas, 18 s. and my buckles.
How far was you gone before he did this?
Not above a quarter of a mile; he kept me three hours with him before he took me home.
He drove you home at last?
Yes; he did not bring me to the house, but brought me to the yard, and sent me home with a woman, a friend of his.
When you got out of the coach had you your buckles?
I had not.
Had you your money?
I had not; he insisted on my paying 3 s. for the coach. I am friendless; he sent the buckles by some person, and throwed them into the area.
Was the money in a purse or loose in your pocket?
The two guineas were rolled up in a piece of paper, between the lining of my stays and the stays, and the silver was loose in my pocket.
When did you first know that you had lost your buckles and money?
In the coach. I told him if he took my buckles my name was on them, and he would suffer for it. I did not know his face.
Did you miss your money while you was in the coach?
No, not till after I got out of the coach.
Did the coach put up at the place where he set you down?
It belongs to Mary-le-bonne. Woodall got the coach for me.
What became of the coach when you got out?
It stood there till twelve o'clock; he was drinking with a smith's wife.
What time did you get home?
Between eight and nine.
You had been at Mr. Woodall's?
Yes.
You was ill in the coach?
Yes.
What was the matter, had you drank any thing that did not agree with you?
Indeed I had, with this Woodall and his wife.
What was it?
I do not know; I believe it was not very good.
Had it got into your head?
I believe it had.
You do not know what passed, but you observed him take the buckles?
I observed a person take my buckles, and bid him not rob me.
A person, did you know who that person was?
There is a witness saw him come into the coach and stay half an hour.
Did you know it was the coachman at the time?
There was nobody else to do it; he drove me into a square and dallied about. I knew him when I came home that it was the same person.
Who lives in the house with you?
Three men and their wives. The men were not at hom e; Mrs. Lockwood was.
Did their husbands come home that night?
Yes, one came home and lay with his wife who had not lain with her sixteen or eighteen years before.
Is there any watchman in that quarter?
I believe there is.
When you was robbed, and he stayed so long there with his coach, how came you not to have him taken up?
This Mrs. Lockwood I suppose had not the presence of mind to call a watchman.
When did you take him up?
Two days after.
When were the buckles thrown in the area?
Two days after.
You was at Mr. Woodall's in the morning?
Yes.
What time did you leave Woodall's?
About five o'clock.
Woodall keeps a publick-house?
Yes.
How long have you been a widow?
About two years.
How long have you been at service?
I have not been at service yet, my husband could support me without going to service.
How long have you known Woodall?
I never saw him till I saw him the night before.
How came you to know him the night before?
I may say I had been led astray out of my way; I asked a gentleman's servant the way, and he took me to this Woodall's house,
Was that Bob Drury ?
No.
Do you know Bob Drury ?
I never saw him till I saw him at Mr. Woodall's house.
Had you drank any thing in the morning that had disagreed you?
I believe I drank with Mr. Woodall's wife some capillaire and brandy.
Did you go out with Bob Drury to take a walk in the Fields!
Yes, I believe not above forty yards from the house.
Did not he see you into the coach?
He did not; only a servant, and Mr. Woodall, and his daughter.
How was the servant dressed?
He had a livery on.
What was the colour of his coat?
I cannot tell, I was not so exact to observe it.
What colour was Bob Drury 's coat?
It was a jacket he wore.
What colour?
A kind of ticking.
A whitish colour?
Yes.
Do you know what is become of Bob Drury ?
I do not know, I suppose he is in London. I have not seen him since.
A servant attended you to the coach?
Along with Woodall.
Who attended you to the door when the coachman was at his horses' heads?
I cannot say.
Was not you very much disguised in liquor though you had drank but little?
I had my senses very well.
Was not you in liquor?
I was sick.
Was not you disguised in the morning?
No, I was not.
What time of the day was you disguised?
By about twelve or one o'clock or rather later.
At what time of night did you go away from Woodall's house?
A little before five in the afternoon.
You was set down at twelve?
No, between the hours of eight and nine.
Had not you drank rather freely while you staid at Woodall's house?
No, I did not, it made me sick.
Was you not disguised before dinner?
Very little.
What could induce you to stay so long in this publick-house which you had never been in till the day before?
I was sick and did not choose to go into the street while I was sick.
Who took you to this house?
I went myself.
Have not you declared that either the publican, or somebody he sent after you robbed you?
I could not do that, the publican gave me the money when I got into the coach.
I ask you, have you never said the publican, or somebody he sent after you, robbed you?
No. When I went into the fields with the butcher I lost my silver, I said so, but Woodall had my three guineas.
Have not you declared that you applied to the justice against Bob Drury charging him with this robbery?
No. I am told he is gone to Bath , I would take him up if I knew where he was, because I lost my money.
Did not he go to the coach with you while the coachman was at the head of his horses , and take liberties with you?
No man attended me to the coach, nor was with me except the coachman.
Did no man take liberties with you while the coachman was at the head of his horses?
No man in the world.
Have not you declared that you did not know how you lost your money?
I lost my money in the coach.
Have not you declared that you did not know how you lost your money?
I have declared I did not know who took my money, but I did detect the man taking my buckles; but the person who took my buckles must take my money.
Where do you lodge?
In Upper Berkeley-street.
You say after he dallied you about the square, he carried you to an house where you drank liquor?
I said the coachman and Mary King stopped and drank together.
How far was you set down from your lodgings?
I do not know, I am a stranger to the place, the woman shewed me to my lodging.
The coachman insisted on your paying him three shillings , though you had been robbed of all your money?
Yes.
Where was the coach put up; how far from your lodging?
I did not walk for I was not very well, and had no buckles.
Where was it Mrs. King and the coachman drank together?
The coachman and that woman sat drinking together at the next door to where I lodged till twelve o'clock at night, as I was informed.
Have you never said you went to a justice for a warrant against Bob Drury ?
I said I would make him pay me the money if I could meet with him.
I keep the Bedford Arms , South-street, Manchester-square. I never saw the prosecutrix before that day.
Do you remember her coming to your house?
I do. She came much about eleven o'clock with this Drury; I believe they drank two glasses of gin, and a glass of capillaire.
Two glasses of gin?
I am not very sure whether one or two, she had got three guineas in her pocket. My wife perceived she was a little in liquor, and said, young woman, you had better give me your money and sit down in the parlour and have a little sleep. For it was a shame for a woman to go out in the condition she was in. She went and slept about four hours, I believe, till about five o'clock. My wife desired her to go out then as we had company coming into that room. I gave her her money and bid her make the best of her way. She was sick and was to give one shilling for cleaning the room. I gave her in change two guineas and eighteen shillings.
Was Drury with her?
No, he went away when she went into that room.
Who went to the coach with her?
My daughter, I, and a gentleman's servant; Mr. Long's servant.
Who was the coachman?
I do not know the man; I did not know him when I saw him at the office. She came in the morning and asked me if I had got her money. I said no; and I was glad I had substantial witnesses that I gave her her money. Then she said if you have not got it, somebody has robbed me.
Do you know any thing of this woman being robbed?
I saw the coachman drive opposite to my house and then under the gateway. Afterwards a woman brought this woman to my house about eight o'clock. The coachman came off the box, went under the gateway, and left his coach; that was about seven o'clock. She was rather in liquor.
I saw the coachman when he came out of the Mews with the coach about ten at night. He denied the coach, but the number was taken before. This woman asked where he took her up? He said upon the stand.
I saw the coach come across the square and drive down into the Mews.
Who drove the coach?
I do not know, I live at Mr. Lockwood's.
What time did Mrs. Kearney come home?
I do not know, I was not within; my husband sent for me.
I know nothing of it; I leave my defence to my counsel.
Did the prosecutrix say any thing to you whether she could or not tell who had robbed her?
She said the next morning, she did not know who had robbed her. I did not see her that night.
