I am beadle and headborough of the hamlet of Ratcliffe. I saw the prisoner, between ten and eleven at night, with a load upon his back; I crossed over the way, and he passed me; I followed him, because I suspected him. I said, My friend, what have you got here? He said, Nothing at all. I said, I must see. He put the butter off his back, on the ground. I asked him, how he came by it? He said his father had sent it to him out of the country. I said, it was odd for his father to send it out of the country at that time of night. Then he said, he took it from Cumberland wharf over the water. I took him before Justice Sherwood.
I am house-watchman in the hamlet of Ratcliff. Upon the 31st of May, just before eleven o'clock in the evening, a little boy came to the watch-house, and said Mr. Trappett wanted me at White-Horse-street. I went, and found him with the prisoner and the butter. He then said, he had not stole it; but in the morning he confessed, and impeached two others.
I am clerk, under Mr. Joyce, to the commissioners of the victualling-office. Mr. Joyce is agent-victualler. On the first of June, the constable and the beadle came to me, in the morning, at Cumberland warehouses, Cumberland wharf .
To whom does Cumberland-wharf belong?
It is rented by the commissioners of the victualling-office. It is on the other side of the river. They came the first of June, in the morning, and said there was a person they had taken with some butter; that he said he took it from these warehouses; and requested I would attend Justice Sherwood. I went to Justice Sherwood's, and the property was there produced; which property has the mark of Nicholas Joyce , and the weight upon it, which the commissioners always make use of.
Do you know of any cask having been loft?
No; from the immense quantity, it is impossible.
Do you ever sell your casks?
No.
I worked at this warehouse: the watchman that had the charge of the warehouse at night, said he wanted some butter for his family, and he and one Thomas Mardon agreed to take this butter away, and the watchman delivered the butter into a boat. I came a-shore with it from Ratcliff-cross, and this man stopped me, and asked what it was; I said it was butter I had from the country.
Norton the watchman, and Mardon, have both absconded ever since.
