I am porter to Mess. Evans and Martin. I was going with a load into the Borough; I pitched it on London Stone in Cannon-street; it contained ten pieces of check and one of sheeting. There came a man and pitched a hamper by it; he said he had three halfpence if I would be a halfpenny to it we would have a pint of purl, and I might go over the way and order it. I went and ordered it; when I came back the man was sitting down by my load. I went over again to the publick house and told them to make it hot, and I paid for the purl and came away directly; I did not stay for the purl; then my load and knot were gone. I enquired of the two porters, who told me a man with a load had ran up Swithin's-lane. I followed and overtook the prisoner with my load on his back; I laid hold of his coat flap and said he had got my load; upon that he pitched it back and made an attempt to run down Lombard-street, but we both fell down; he got about ten yards from my load; I brought him back to the place where my load lay and his hat fell down, and then he put on a cocked hat and said me have your load, how could I have your load with a cocked hat. I never let him go till I secured him.
I am a constable; I was called and the porter Townsend gave me charge of the prisoner.
The load is 200 wt. I could not carry it if I might have 1000 l. it is impossible to carry a knot with such an hat as this. The witness found a porter's hat in the street.
I am foreman to Mr. Askew a plumber; I was at the Post-office having a letter to send to Hoddesdon, in Hertfordshire. The prisoner was in the office at the time; that was Tuesday or Wednesday night the 10th or 11th of April.
Was that in April?
January I mean; I never was in such a thing before and made a mistake. It was about six weeks ago.
Did you know the prisoner?
I have seen him in Bishopsgate-street and know him by sight; he is a butcher by trade; he was delivering a letter into the Post-office. He spoke to me and said how do you do? we came out of the Post-office together; we came along the corner of Pope's-head-Alley there was a quarrelling or wrangling; the prisoner being a young man ran over the way to see what it was, and I walked after him as fast I could; there was a mob and a lusty man lay down on the ground and another man lay over him. The man that was under pushed the other from him and ran away, and they called out stop thief! the prisoner at the bar pushed against them, or ran between them; however this man catched hold of the prisoner and said he was the man who committed the robbery.
Who was it that laid hold of the prisoner?
I cannot say.
Should you know him again if you saw him?
I do not know but I might. (Townsend stands up) it was much such a man as that, but I cannot say it was him, but the person the man had knocked down was lustier than he is a great deal. I stopped there a little while to see what was the matter; this person, I believe, it was looked about and saw a round hat with a knot. The prisoner had a cocked hat when he was with me.
You hear what this witness says; is it true that the first man you laid hold of got away, and you laid hold of another man afterwards?
It is not true; I laid hold of the prisoner's coat; he had my load on his back. I never let him go till he was at the Compter. The cry stop thief! was never repeated.
Did you never let him go out of your hands?
No.
Did you see that witness there?
I cannot recollect that I saw him there; it was my knot and load, but the flapped hat was not mine.
When he threw down the load he had a cocked hat?
He had a round hat on when he was down, and a cocked hat when he got up.
After he dropped the load, could he have changed his hat?
I cannot say.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Copland, an oilman, in Queen-street. As I was going by London-Stone, I heard the porter Townsend, complaining he had lost his load. Two porters told him a man was gone up Sweeting's-alley, with a load. Townsend and I went after the man; I saw the man in Sweeting's-alley; Townsend got the start of me, and took hold of the man's tail; that man was the prisoner. The bundle fell down. I came up and took hold of his collar; presently after a man came up and took up a knot and an hat.
Did you see the prisoner throw down the load?
Yes, I saw him throw it down.
Had Townsend hold of him before he threw down the load?
I cannot say; he was close to him; they were down together.
Did he ever get away from Townsend after he laid hold of him?
No he did not.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man?
He is.
I have no other witnesses; a gentleman came to the Compter last Sunday; they said I had no occasion to provide any friends for the prosecutor would not prosecute me.
