I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, on the 19th of March. I had them at breakfast that morning; I know nothing of the fact.
I am servant to Mr. Pagett. On Monday, about nine o'clock, I carried up the tea-things to my master to breakfast; I went down to butter the rolls; I was gone about five minutes; going up again, I saw the prisoner coming out of my master's parlour; I asked him what he wanted; at first he said, nothing; then he said, he wanted some gentlemen. I was going to take him up stairs to see who he wanted, but he slipped out at the street-door; there was not any person in the parlour.
Was the street-door open?
It was then on the jar; I do not know whether it was so when he came in; I went into the parlour, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner was taken immediately by the coachman; I met him as they were bringing him in.
Your street-door usually stands open?
Sometimes.
It was open that morning?
I cannot say whether it was or was not.
Have you lodgers in your house?
No: I never saw the prisoner before, till I saw him come out of my master's parlour.
I am a constable. I was called about nine o'clock in the morning to go to Mr. Pagett's; I went, and found the prisoner in the house; I searched him, he had not the property about him; I was informed by a person there, that he had run into the coach-house; I went and searched the coach-house, which is close to the house; at the further end, behind the wall, I found the property.
On that morning, a little before nine, I was in my stable: I heard a woman make a noise; I ran out, and heard her say, a man had robbed her master of some plate; a bricklayer in the yard said a man had run into the coach-house; I went into the coach-house, and took the prisoner; I brought him back to Mr. Pagett's house; the servant said, that was the man; I took him into the parlour; after that I went with a constable and another man to the coach-house; we found the plate in a corner among some wood.
On the 19th of March, between eight and nine, I saw the prisoner walking backwards and forwards before Mr. Pagett's house, looking in at the window; I live directly opposite; Mr. Pagett's door was on the jar; I saw him open the door, and go in; in about five minutes, I heard Mr. Pagett's maid cry out, Stop thief! I went out; the prisoner had then turned up the passage towards the coach-house.
I am entirely innocent. I met a young woman, who asked me if I bought old clothes; I told her I did; I said I would come on Monday, and see them; I went to this house, and found the door on a jar, and I went in; I met this young woman; I asked her if Mrs. Dixon lived there, for the woman told me her name was Dixon; she said, no: I went out; I never was in the parlour; I went up the court to go into Windmill-street; I found there was no thoroughfare; I went into the coach-house to ease myself, and the man came and took hold of me: I know nothing of it.
