On the 12th of January I went out of the house at half after four o'clock, having locked this room in which I lived, and left my work which I was then about, which was some mode silk, belonging to Mr. Archer, in the room; I carried the key to my wife, who was at her sister's in the same street. My wife came back before me. When I returned I examined the door and found that the staple was forced out and the work was gone. It consisted of three-quarters of mode silk. I had only this room, I had no concern with the rest of the house.
The silk was brought to me in the evening of the 13th of January, by one Dosey to dress.
This silk has the same mark and is of the same breadth as some which was left in the room, for the piece was cut. The value is nearly three pounds. The quantity now produced and that left in the room together make exactly the quantity of my silk, and correspond with that quantity which I had delivered out to Boston, my workman, to weave for me; and there is a white knot in it by which Boston knew it the moment he saw it; indeed he had before so described it.
There is a mark upon it by which I can positively swear it is the silk worked by me. The mark is a white knot of silk tied to three threads. There is nobody in the trade that ever used that mark but myself.
On the 13th of January, George Farthing brought this piece of silk to me to dress; I said I did not dress it myself. He desired me to get it done. I carried it to Jenkins.
The prisoner brought this silk to me on the 13th of January, and desired I would get it dressed. I delivered it to Dosey.
I lived with Mr. Farthing. The prisoner came that evening to my master's, but what passed between my master and him I no not know, as I was not present.
I know nothing of it more than the child unborn. I never saw the silk till I saw it at the Justice's.
I have known the prisoner between seven and eight years. I never heard any harm of him in my life.
I was at her house that night.
Was he at your house that evening?
He was at my house, from the hour of five till nine; he never was out of my house.
What day was that?
On the 12th of January.
How do you know that?
For a particular reason, I took a memorandum of it.
How came you to do that?
I had a carpenter did a little job for me and I set down the day, it was old New-year's day.
Where is your house?
No. 1, Swedeland-court, Bishopsgate-street.
How far is that from where Boston lives?
I do not know.
Have you got that memorandum of the carpenter's about you?
The carpenter has it.
Have you looked over it since?
I saw it in his book.
Was it the 12th of January there?
Yes, it was Old New-year's-day. The prisoner lighted the carpenter while he was doing the job.
Was the carpenter there more days than one?
Not at that little trifling job, but he was before that, the particular days I cannot remember, he had been there before.
Why do you fix it for the 12th of January that the prisoner lighted the carpenter?
The man's work was finished that day, and he could put in no more till that was off the loom.
Was he absent at all during that time?
Not to my knowledge.
Can you say whether he was or not?
To my knowledge he was not; I was down below stairs, up and down; I never missed him or heard him open the door.
Was you out of the room where he was?
Not half an hour together.
I would have you be so kind to understand, and the jury, I never saw the man; and were they to bring him in guilty, I would strive to the utmost of my power not to have him executed. This woman should be cautious, to say she never heard any thing amiss of him! Only please to ask her whether he was not sent from the justice's on board a ship.
Was he sent from the justice's on board a ship?
He never wronged me; he was sent as a pressed man.
The question is, what is his character in general?
As an impressed man he was sent from justice Wilmot's office for a soldier.
But has he a good character?
To my own knowledge he has.
I have known him seventeen years.
Are you a carpenter?
I am a writer for attornies.
Has the prisoner borne a good character?
Yes, to the best of my knowledge he has. He worked with my father some years and behaved well. My father is now in the country.
I knew the prisoner's father and mother upwards of thirty years ago. I never knew any harm of them or him. He lived next door to my daughter. I have heard that he worked very hard and kept in close. I never heard any harm of him.
I have known the prisoner ten years. I never knew any harm of him; he is a sober honest man.
Have you been in the habit of knowing much of him during that time?
Yes, I have.
I have known him five or six months. He has often been at our house to see an acquaintance of his; I never knew or saw any harm of him.
Where is the carpenter?
He is not here.
How came he not here?
I did not know that it was required.
The apprentice boy was there too, and knows I was not out at all.
When did you first go to the carpenter?
Yesterday.
You never went to him before?
I never was ordered here before.
So that you went to fix with him what was the day?
I went to know if he had got it down, and he had.
What?
That he had done a job of a shilling on the 12th of January.
Was that entered as an article done on the 12th of January?
It was.
Why did not you apply to him to come?
I did not know he would be wanted.
Had you no way of fixing what day it was without going to the carpenter?
I knew it was Wednesday, but could not say what day of the month Wednesday was without that.
Do you know the distance between Boston's house and Ann Hall's.
My house is in Swedeland-alley, next to Whitegate street.
I could go there in eight or nine minutes.
Have you examined the count of that silk?
No, I did not examine the count of it; but when I carried that piece, the breadth and the quantity the man has brought me home since makes up exactly my quantity of sixty-one ells.
