I am a silversmith , and live in Holbourn . The prisoner came to me on Saturday the 22d of April and bought two pair of buckles and a gold watch-key. He asked me if I could give him change for a large note? I told him I could not. He said it was of no consequence he would give me an order upon the Bar of Gray's-Inn Coffee-house for the money, which was thirty shillings; he wrote upon a piece of paper \"Please to pay to the \"bearer thirty shillings; the Bar of Gray's Inn Coffee-house. J. Williams.\" I went and delivered the parcel and receipt at the Bar, and they paid me the money; that was on the 22d. On Monday the 24th he came to me again; he then agreed with me for a pair of silver sauce-boats; he desired I would pack them up and carry them to Gray's-Inn Coffee-house and he would pay me for them. I took them there; the prisoner was sitting at one of the tables going to breakfast. I went up to him and presented my boats. He took his purse out of his pocket and threw out about five guineas and a few shillings upon the table, and said; I have not quite money enough. I shall be glad of another pair of buckles, such as those I had of you on Saturday; can you let me have a pair? I said, I believed I had not a pair of the same pattern by me but I would see at my maker's whether there was a pair in hand. He desired to have them by twelve o'clock. I was going to take away the boats with me and to return at twelve to have brought them with the buckles. He said, Perhaps you may not be back here at the time; leave the boats at the bar and I will pay for them there, if you should not return. I had no objection to that. I went up with him to the bar and left them with the bar-maid. I said to her, You are to receive seven guineas of this gentleman for this parcel; then I went to see after the buckles. As I was going out the prisoner said, You will be back again by twelve o'clock? I said yes, I shall. I returned exactly at twelve, then I found he was gone and had got the boats but had not paid for them. They said he had left word he should be there at twelve or half after, but he did not come back at all.
When did you get your boats again?
I have never got them again; he offered to give them up before the Lord Mayor if I would not prosecute him, but I rather chose to prosecute; he was taken up on the 11th of May, at the London Coffee-house; he was there upon the same sort of business; as I had given information he was stopped upon that business.
Do you know him?
I never knew him before that Saturday.
Then perhaps you do not know what business he is?
No other than what I have heard.
He offered to return your boats before my lord mayor?
He did, or to pay for them, but the lord mayor would not consent to it.
I believe you first went before Justice Addington upon this business, and obtained a warrant from him against the prisoner?
I did.
Have you got that warrant now?
I have not; the warrant was for obtaining goods under false pretences. Justice Addington would not grant it otherwise, the first warrant was drawn out for felony, but Justice Addington would not sign that warrant.
That warrant was executed upon the prisoner?
It was backed in the city; the warrant was granted after he was committed for an affair in the county.
Was that warrant of Justice Addington's lodged against him?
I believe it was.
Then after that how came you to apply for a warrant for a felony?
From the advice of gentlemen whom I thought much better judges of the affair than myself.
The day I bought these buckles of you did not I say to you I want a pair of silver sauce boats; I was going to let out a first floor, furnished; you shewed me a pair of nine guineas; now if I had-had a mind to rob you might not I as well have taken those of nine guineas as these?
That was your policy to deceive me.
Instead of leaving his bill and receipt with the people at the coffee-house for this money, he took the bill and receipt away again?
I left the bill and receipt.
You left the bill and receipt with the bar-maid?
Yes, to receive the money for me; it was made for seven pounds, eight shillings. I said to the young woman, you observe the gentleman is to pay you only seven guineas, as we had agreed for that sum.
I am bar-keeper at the Gray's-Inn Coffee-house. On a Monday, I do not know the day of the month, Mr. Marchant brought a pair of silver sauce-boats between eleven and twelve o'clock, and told me when I delivered that parcel to Mr. Williams I was to receive seven pounds, seven shillings; it was left with me in the bar. Mr. Marchant went away. I was called out of the bar, and then the waiter delivered the parcel to Mr. Williams.
Was there any bill and receipt left with you?
Yes, there was.
Was you to deliver the parcel and that bill and receipt when Williams paid the money?
I was.
I am a waiter at this coffee-house; the first time I ever saw the prisoner, to my knowledge, was Saturday the 22d of April; he came to the coffee-house and dined there; he bought a parcel at that time of Mr. Marchant, which he ordered to be left at the bar with a bill and receipt. He took the parcel from the bar and paid the money and went away. On the Monday following he came in the morning to breakfast at the coffee-house; after he had had his breakfast he paid me for it, and told me to give him a parcel which was left for him in the bar; at that time there was nobody in the bar. I went into the bar and seeing only one parcel lying there I brought it out and gave it to him, which parcel I saw him carry off; when the young woman came into the bar I told her I had delivered the parcel. She said, Good God! there is a bill and receipt, and the money was to have been paid, which I know nothing of.
Did you see the bill and receipt there?
Yes, I did then, but not before; I saw no more of Mr. Williams from that time till he was taken up at the London Coffee-house.
How long did he stay in the coffee-room after you delivered him the parcel?
He went away immediately.
Do you recollect how long the woman had been out of the bar before he spoke to you to deliver him this parcel?
As near as I can recollect not more than two minutes.
Was she not in the room at that time?
No, she was gone out of the room.
How long was it before she returned again?
Not more than ten minutes.
I acknowledge going on the day the prosecutor says, and agreeing for this parcel. I had taken an house and was going to lett the first floor, furnished, at a guinea and an half a week. I made use of no false pretence to the waiter; I do not recollect that the maid ever went out; I went up to the bar; I saw the waiter; I asked for it, and he gave it me; neither did I go with the prosecutor up to the bar as has been mentioned. I offered to return those very boats five weeks after, as I had not sold them.
