On the 28th of February, between seven and eight at night, I was going up Fleet-street, and this man followed me, I had a paper parcel, in which was thread, tape, and gloves, when I crossed the way he crossed after me, I had some suspicion of him, and I crossed again, and he attempted to follow me, then I crossed again, and he stopped me and asked me which was the White Horse; it was the prisoner that followed me from Fleet Market ; then there was another with him, and they made believe as if they were drunk, they stopped my mouth for ten minutes together, that I could not cry out; it might not be so long as ten minutes, they held their hands over my mouth.
What is your name?
James Browning .
Some person overtook you in Fleet Market?
No, it was just by Fleet Market.
Did you ever see that person before?
No, I saw him standing there, I took no notice, I went on, he followed me.
Did he offer you any money for your bundle?
No.
Had not you a long conversation with him?
No.
Did he ever offer you any money?
No, no conversation of that sort.
A. Temple-bar you say you was stopped?
Sir, he met me by the pastry-cook's at Temple-bar, it was between seven and eight, at the pastry-cook's I viewed his face.
Are you short-sighted?
I can see very clear, Sir, thank God.
What conversation have you had with Sir Sampson's men?
None.
Why did not you call out?
I did, as soon as I could; and the people went over, I did not call out at first, because I could not, and after they left me, I could not catch them.
Were not their hands hollow over your mouth?
No, their hands were close to my mouth: I am sure it is the man, because he stopped me at the pastry-cook's so long a time, I viewed him there.
Did the prisoner desire the magistrate might have him examined in a different coat?
No, I did not hear him say such a thing.
Was you asked before the Magistrate what coat he had on?
No.
Did the prisoner desire the Magistrate to ask you that?
Yes, but I said I would not swear to his clothes, only to his face; no money was offered of held out to me.
I sent a parcel by the lad of thread and tapes. This is a memorandum of the several things, I set them down last Saturday, I took this memorandum from the invoice, I am very sure that all the things I put in there were in that parcel, they are the things mentioned in the indictment; I sent him about seven, it was near nine when he came home, he brought a man with him, I do not know the man, but he seeing the boy in great confusion, came to tell that he was robbed; the boy was very much frightened for fear his master should be angry.
Had the boy ever lost any thing before?
No.
How came he to be so much frightened?
I should think it was natural, he said he was followed by a man from Fleet Market, and robbed under Temple-bar; the prisoner was taken up about five weeks after, at the White Horse alehouse, the things were never got again.
How long have you known that boy?
Not quite three months.
Was it his custom to loiter on the way, when he was sent of an errand?
Not to my knowledge, I never went with him.
Would you trust him with a sum of money?
Yes.
I only know of the lad's coming to give information against the prisoner, it was on Monday morning, there were several people shewn him, and he did not know any of them, till last Sunday we apprehended this man, with two more, and this lad found him out.
What did you apprehend the prisoner for?
On suspicion of this robbery, from the description of the boy; there were two seals, a chain and key, without a watch, found upon the prisoner; and this stick, and other things and duplicates which were returned to him.
Who was with you?
Shallard, King, and Carpmeal; Jealous was in the coach, we had it to the door, we came out and left Hughes behind.
Who did you bring out with you?
One Short a house-breaker, I did not immediately recollect Hughes, and I went and fetched the prisoner.
What is the reward in case this man is convicted?
You know the reward.
How much is the reward?
Forty pounds, you know.
I never saw the boy before I saw him at the office, I work hard for my living.
How long has the boy lived in his place?
Four or five months, I have no doubt of the boy's honesty and care in my mind.
