On the 26th of April last, after one in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Piccadilly; there were two or three other girls with her. The prisoner asked me to go to her lodging in Oxford-road, which I did; then she took me to St. Giles 's, to a lodging that looked very suspicions. I staid in the room an hour and a half; she told me she was very dry. I said, have you no water in the room? She said, No. We went to bed together; she got up, and went and knocked at another door in the same house, and went in and staid three or four minutes; then she came again into the room, and another girl with her; the other girl held the door, but did not come into the room; the prisoner said, Take this away; that was a cloak, or apron, or some such thing; the other woman went up stairs again, and the prisoner went out into the street. I asked her where she was going; she said she would come back, but she did not come back again. I got up, and examined my breeches, and missed one guinea, and my gold watch with three seals; I am sure I had them when I went to bed; I had put my breeches under the bolster.
Did you perceive that she touched them before she went away?
No; I had not been asleep, but I was a little in liquor. I saw my watch at the Justice's the next day, and the prisoner, I am sure, is the person.
I live at Mr. Cordie's, a pawnbroker on Snowhill. On the 26th of last April, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came and offered me this watch to pledge, and wanted five guineas upon it. I asked her if it was her own wearing watch: she said, No, it was her husband's. I looked at the seals, and saw one had W W, and a crest upon it. I asked her husband's name, she said it was Brown. I asked how it came to have a different cypher, she said her husband bought it second-hand; I asked her where she lodged, she directed me to a place. I went and enquired, and found she did not live there; upon which I stopped her and the watch, and took her to Bow-street, and she was committed, and we advertised the watch.
Whose house was this at?
I do not remember the name, somebody told me the name.
I enquired in Church-street, and heard the person's name who kept the house, was - . I know nothing but what I was told; I went to the house, and asked if one Brown lodged there: they said, Yes; she was taken up for stealing a watch.
The gentleman left the watch with me till next day; he did not come. Being distressed, I was obliged to make away with it.
Did you leave the watch with her to keep till next day, when you was to give her some money?
No; I gave her half a crown.
