On the 21st of last June, I took my watch from my side and laid it upon a little chest of drawers in the back bed-chamber, the room in which the prisoner and I lay. I went out for a pint of beer; when I returned I found my watch in the same place I had put it in; I sat down at the door of this bed-chamber in a front room; the prisoner went to bed a quarter of an hour before me; when I went to bed I missed my watch. I looked for it; she laughed. I said don't make a joke of it but let me have my watch. She laughed and said, d - n you and your watch; and she said it should be the dearest watch to me I ever saw. I have never seen my watch since. I took her up the next morning to Sir John Fielding's office, there she was discharged. The next time I saw her was in Clerkenwell prison; I went to see if she would own to the watch, and if it had been in pawn I would have released it. I asked her if she knew any thing of it; she said it was in a person's hands for a little money, and I should have it again when she came out of prison. She would not tell me where it was.
She charged another person with it?
I took all the three lodgers up, upon suspicion, because they had been in the place, but nobody could take it but the prisoner.
I went with Mrs. Cavenagh to Clerkenwell prison to see the prisoner. The prisoner said the watch was neither sold nor yet pawned, but was left in a neighbour's hand for a little money.
I recommended the prisoner to Mrs. Cavenagh, for a lodging. Her box was left at my house while I was out, I afterwards saw the prisoner take the watch out of her box and wind it up. She said, by G - d the right owner shall never get it.
What watch was that?
A metal one.
Can you say whether that was the prosecutrix's watch or not?
I cannot.
I was present when Mrs. White was putting some things into the box, she found the watch in it; I knew it to be Mrs. Cavenagh's watch. The prisoner was at that time in Bridewell.
Do you know that to be the prisoner's box which you are speaking of?
Yes.
What is become of that watch?
The prisoner came after that and took the watch away; the constables did not see the watch when they searched the box. They searched the box for a gown and coat.
How long did you know the watch was there?
Mrs. White was putting some things of the prisoner's into the box, after the constables were gone, and found the watch.
Did she leave it there?
Yes.
What became of that box and the things afterwards?
The box is in Mrs. White's room now.
What became of the watch you saw in the prisoner's box?
I left it in the box. The very day she came out of prison, being discharged from the other accusation, I saw her take the watch out. She was in prison for stealing a gown and petticoat.
That was a gown this woman gave me for taking it out of pawn.
You knew this to be the prosecutrix's watch?
Yes.
You knew it at the time?
Yes.
How came you not to mention it to the prosecutrix?
I mentioned it to Mrs. Cavenagh that I thought it was her watch.
How soon after?
not above three or four days after. Mrs. Cavenagh knew her watch was in the box before the prisoner came out of prison; but she did not think she had a right to take it out of the box, nor did I.
You live in the same house with Mary White ?
I did then.
I went to the prisoner in Clerkenwell to see if she would own where the watch was, and Mrs. Cavenagh would release it if it was in pawn. She said she knew nothing about it, for Mr. White had got the watch, and that if Mrs. Cavenagh would go to the Crown and Cushion, she would find the watch in Mr. White's pocket that night.
I know nothing at all about it; I am as clear of it as the child unborn.
