I live in Park-street, Grovesnor-square, I am a cow-keeper ; I lost my mare out of my cow-yard, near where Tyburn used to be; I missed her between three and four in the morning.
Was she suffered to run loose in the yard?
No, she was in the stable.
Was the stable locked?
Yes, they took off the pantiles as I believe, and forced open the door when they were within side; I lost a bridle, saddle, and whip, I saw her about six on the 18th, she was a brown mare, seven years old, I have had her four years; I found her on the Saturday, in the hands of a watchman at Whitechapel turnpike, I first saw her at Mr. Glenton's, the Three Mackrell, at Mile-End.
How came you by that mare?
Between five and six or a little after six, William Thornlow , one of our watchmen, brought the mare down to my house; I ordered him to detain the party, and put the mare into my stables; I am night constable.
I am watchman, on Saturday morning the 19th of March, I saw the prisoner standing at the turnpike gate, at Mile End, Old-town, putting on a bit of a thong upon a whip, it was a little before five, I went and called the hour of five, the same time; the prisoner rode off, he had a horse with him, then he came back again for some tools which he left: he said, he was going to sweep a chimney, and while I went my rounds, he was gone off with the mare; I stopped the tools, and about ten minutes after six, he came back on the mare, and said, he wanted his tools; he came to Mile End watch-house for his tools.
What tools?
A sack, a chimney-cloth, and shovel, I had stopped them at the turnpike house, he had left them there, and he came to enquire for me, to know what was become of them, he wanted to go and do the job he was going about; I took him in custody, he was upon the mare's back, and I took him to the watch-house, whip, bridle, saddle and all; I dismounted him and took him to Mr. Glentons.
I am another watchman, I was with the last witness when he took the mare and the man, he told me he brought the mare from Wysbeach, in Cambridgeshire, and that he bought her two years ago of one Smith, a saddler in the town, and paid nine guineas for her; I know Cambridge, and I know there is such a man as Smith, a saddler; that is the mare that was carried down to Mr. Glenton's.
The mare was brought to me in the morning, I was walking up the street, and a man met me, and said, take this to Whitechapel, and stay till I come, and I will give you a shilling.
How came you then to tell this man, that you had bought her at Wisbeach two years ago, for nine guineas?
No answer.
Have you any body to speak for you?
No, Sir, I have no friends.
