I am the wife of William Whitmore . About the beginning of September I was recommended to Mr. Richmond, the husband (or the person who passes for such) of the prisoner, to take part or all of my house. I agreed to let them the house; he referred me to several wholesale shops which I did not apply to; he was to take the things at a fair appraisement. I agreed to let them the whole house, and that I would take an apartment in it of them; he and the prisoner had lodged in the house about eight days. On the day that the agreement was up, when my broker came to appraise my things , my house was robbed. He had been recommended to us as a man in distress, ill-used by a gentleman, who had arrested him, but that he had an estate in the Isle of Wight , worth six hundred pounds, left him by his wife's father. He had said that, in the presence of the prisoner, different times. He said he had received some money from that, and from Mr. King in Holbourn, who keeps a coffee-house there; that he said he should be able to pay for the fixtures on the Monday. On the Thursday, the 14th of September, I waited for the brokers coming to appraise the things. My broker, Mr. Swain, in Moorfields, came; his broker was to come by appointment, but he did not come; I waited at home till twelve o'clock, then I went out, and returned between seven and eight o'clock; then I was told by Mr. Richmond that Mrs. Richmond was taken in labour, and was obliged to go to a house where she was to lie-in. Mr. Richmond slept there that night. The next morning I went out about eight o'clock, and came home about twelve. I dined betweed one and two. When I went after dinner up stairs, I found my room door and chest of drawers broke open. I lost a ten pound bank-note and twelve guineas and an half in gold. Then I missed a bed-gown I had worn, and which lay on the foot of the bed, and two pieces of cloth, out of the dining-room window, which had been lying there some time. I missed a number of things, but nothing that I could exactly tell when I had last seen them, as my maid servant went away on the Sunday before. I had seen the pieces of cloth and bed-gown about eleven or twelve o'clock on the Thursday, before I went out. It was on the Friday I missed it. The bed-gown was in the room which was broke open; that room was broke open on the Friday, but I did not see the bed-gown after the Thursday. I never saw the husband after the Thursday night.
I met the prisoner coming down the stairs of the house of Mr. Whitmore, No. 6, Lombard-street, with a bundle under her arm, containing two pieces of woollen cloth; the colour of one was blue, the other russet , what they call home-spun. She went past me and went down stairs; I went up stairs.
Did you lodge in the house?
Yes.
Was her husband at home at that time?
He was not; I never saw him during the time of my being in that house, nor was he in when I went up stairs. He came in again in the evening about six, but I do not know when he went out. I asked the children if he was at home, when I went in: They said he was gone out. Mrs. Whitmore enquired after these things when she missed them. Next day I told her I had met Mrs. Richmond with a bundle under her arm, containing two pieces of cloth , which had been lying in the dining room. I went in search of Mrs. Richmond; I found her in Jerusalem-court, Clerkenwell. That was the Monday following. I advised Mrs. Whitmore to take a constable; I found the prisoner was there. Mrs. Whitmore and the constable went up and found there two pieces of cloth, which I saw the prisoner take out of the house. The prisoner was not there at that time. She was taken up before the cloth was found. We could not find it till we came back, then the sister owned where it was. The prisoner was found in the same room the cloth was found in. She said if any thing was done amiss her husband must answer for it.
My husband was a prisoner almost seven months in the Poultry Compter. This Mr. Middleton came in a prisoner; my husband told him his father-in-law in the Isle of Wight was dead and had left him some money. This Mr. Middleton and Mr. Whitmore took him out of prison to go into partnership in the shop; I was often obliged to pledge things to get money to pay Mr. Middleton for getting my husband out of prison. Mr. Middleton took my husband home to Mrs. Whitmore's house. She sent word by Mr. Middleton, that we should sleep in her house till I was brought to bed. I was taken up the 17th, and brought to bed upon the 25th.
