I was at the King's Head, St. Giles's , Saturday-was-week, about nine in the morning. I had three guineas in my pocket. I had been up almost all night, because I follow chair-work; I left the three guineas there for fear I should lose them and drawed four shillings. The prisoner was there; we went out together; she persuaded me, because it was a strange house, to go back and get my money. I went back and got it; then she told me she would take me to a place where I should be used well and taken care of:
Was you in liquor?
Yes, a little matter, not much.
Did you go with her?
Yes.
Where to?
I do not know the name of the place, nor the house; it was a little way from thence. She shewed me a bed and put me to bed; she sat by the bedside; before I went to sleep I felt something stirring under my head. I had put my breeches under my head; I felt in my breeches pocket, and my money was gone. She sat on the bed the whole time; there was no body else in the room.
Was she in the room then?
Yes; there was a guinea and a half lay on the bed close to her; when she got up I charged her with having it; she began to swear and use me very ill, and said she knew nothing about it. I got up directly and went to the office in Litchfield-street.
Can you tell how much money you had in your pocket?
I had three guineas when I left the King's Head.
What were the pieces?
Two guineas and a half, and the rest in silver. I lost a a guinea and the silver.
You went and complained to a magistrate and had her taken up?
Yes.
Was she searched?
Not that I know of; I staid at the office till they brought her there. There came a parcel of women up stairs when I got up, and I was afraid of my life.
What did she say before the justice?
She said very little.
Was not you very much in liquor?
Not very much.
She said she would take you to a house to be taken care of?
Yes.
Had not you a home of your own?
Yes, but I did not care to go there till I was better.
How do you know you had your money when you was in the house?
I counted it before I went to bed, because I had a suspicion.
Could it not drop out of your breeches when you put them under the bolster?
Not without somebody took them out.
Whether there was not another woman in the house besides me?
There was nobody in the room but her, till after I missed the money.
Did you look at all behind the bolster where you laid your breeches, to see if the money was dropped out?
I did look, there was none.
I am a watchman. I have seen the prisoner several times picking up men; I know nothing about this money.
I have no witnesses; I know no more of the gentleman's money than the child unborn.
