I live in Pall Mall . On the 9th of September, I discharged Mary Osborne as servant , because she did not suit me; she had lived with me about four months; she was cook. On the day before she went she willingly unlocked her boxes and I found several things of mine in them; there has lately been only herself in the house as a servant.
You was in town yourself?
I was.
Where did you leave these things before you found them in her box?
In different rooms in the house.
Had she any thing to do with them?
Yes, to wash and to put them by. When I found them in her box I took them out; I asked her what she had to say for herself? She told me nothing. That was Saturday night. I let her go. I took her up on Monday morning, upon finding many other things missing.
Whose house do you live in?
My sister Elisabeth Caton 's house.
Miss Caton gave me a great many of these things when my old mistress died. - I did not give her one of them; I told her she might either go or stay till I was settled, but I gave her nothing; the things belonged to another lady which was at our house.
What is the value of the whole of these things?
I would not charge them at more than twenty shillings.
I had a warrant against the prisoner; I found out her lodgings in John-street, Tottenham-court-road; I found her on Monday the 11th; the lady said she missed a great many more things she had not found; I asked the prisoner if she had got any thing in her boxes belonging to the lady? She said she had not. I desired her to open her boxes; there were four, I think; in them I found these things which the lady has sworn to.
My mistress did not give me warning, I gave her warning; her mama was taken with fits, and was very ill, I used to attend her; I sat up with her when she died; I laid her out, my mistress desired me to do it; it is a customary thing to have all that was about a corpse when it is laid out; there were three sheets about her; when they were moving the linen there were but two old servants sheets laid upon the bed; I left them there, and took one off my own bed instead of the three that she died in; my mistress promised me mourning, but she never gave me any thing but an old gown; she ordered me to take it to the mantua-maker's to fit me, and then she took it again, and would not return me the money the mantua-maker charged for it; I did two servants work, because she would keep but one, to oblige her; we had words, and she took me up out of spite.
Upon the melancholy event of your mother's death, did you give her any thing, or was she to have any thing?
A few trifling things; I gave her none of these things.
