On Good Friday, the 14th of April, a little after eleven, the prisoner and another person came to my house to look at a lodging I had to let, a first floor; we went up stairs, and I shewed it them; we went into the front kitchen; they saw that, and approved of it; then the prisoner wished to see a wine cellar, which I took them to, and they approved of that; afterwards he asked me if there was a copper; I took him into a back kitchen, which he approved of, and he then said, pray Sir, begging your pardon, I believe you come from Newcastle upon-Tyne, I told him I did; he said he come from Long-Benton; afterwards we went up stairs, and I took him into my study, and we all three sat down, and had a little more conversation about the country, then he said he wanted the lodging for a Mr. Ridley, a relation of Sir Matthew White Ridley, a gentleman who lives near Newcastle town; and, says he, he keeps a stock of good wine, he has wine twelve years old, and says he, you will often crack a bottle with him, he is a hearty generous fellow; and he said he should often come and visit him, and he said I shall bring him to-morrow about this time, when he said that, I looked up to my watch, which was at the side of the chimneypiece, to see what o'clock it was, and it wanted a quarter to twelve; he said Mr. Ridley will want the use of your front parlour an hour or two in the day, and he said let you and me step and look at it, and we went and looked at it, and left the other man in the room, we did not stay a minute, and as we were returning, his friend was coming out, and the prisoner said to his friend, I think we should go, and the other said yes, we will go and call to-morrow, so we went to the street door, and he held out his hand to shake hands with me; I live No. 4, Bentick-street, Soho; I came in immediately, and went into my study, and sat down, and just looking up to see what it was o'clock, there was no watch, the watch was gone, I was quite surprised, I felt in my pocket, and I immediately recollected
\"God that scoundrel has got my watch,\" then I put my hat on, and went into the street in search of these fellows, but I could not
find them; I never got my watch again; I immediately went down to Bow-street and gave information of the persons, and advertised it with a guinea and a half reward; on Thursday, July the 13th, I saw the prisoner,; I am sure it is the very same man; there was nothing found upon him of mine; on Thursday afternoon about six o'clock I was going down to Grea Russel-street, I met the prisoner and another person near the Museum, I passed them, and just as I passed them,
\"Good God, says I, that is on of the villains that stole my watch,\" I followed them, and looked him full in the face, and I said, How do you do Sir? he made no answer, but looked at me; Well, says I, you never called to see my lodgings again according to your promise; says he, your lodgings, your lodging! Sir; yes, Sir, says I, my lodging; pray Sir, says he, where do you live? says I in Bentick-street, Berwick-street, Soho; Bentick-street, Berwick-street, Soho! says he; and after a little while, says he, oh, now I recollect, now I recollect; says I, what was the reason you did not call? says he I acquainted my friend about it, and he did not think it would suit him, so I did not think it of any matter to call; says I, do you know that the person that was with you took my watch? your watch! your watch! Sir, says he, I will take my oath of it, where is he, oh, he knew very well, says he, I will tell you what, friend, if you will call upon me to-morrow morning, I will give you a direction where you may call; so he gave me a direction, I told him I insisted on having him before a magistrate immediately; says he, mind what you say, Sir, says he, I am a gentleman, and I am a house-keeper below the Museum; well, says I, I am going to Bloomsbury-square, and will walk with you, and take your adress, I proposed to go to a public house, he agreed to that, and we went into a house, and they went into a back room, and rung the bell, and called the landlord, he ordered three-pennyworth of crank, and smiled, and seemed quite good natured, thinking to come over me, but I insisted on having him before a magistrate; by and by he opened the door and went into the passage, I followed him, he turned to the window at the bar, that opens into the passage, and paid for his crank, he then turned and saw me, I followed him, and he went into the back parlour and sell for the lock, then he came up to me and said, what do you mean by this you scoundrel, why do you follow me; I was in great danger, I called in the landlord, and desired him to send for a constable; he refused, and he said he knew the gentleman, he believed he lived somewhere near the Museum; I desired he would send for a constable; by and by the prisoner opened the door and run out, and run away, I followed, and the friend that was with him caught hold of my arm, I gave myself a throw, and gave the other a blow on the breast, I ran after the prisoner, and called stop thief, and in St. Giles's somebody took him, at last I got him down to Bow-street with great difficulty.
The time that he says he lost his watch, I was not in London that day.
I am sure it was Good Friday, and besides, he acknowledged before the Justice, that he was at my house.
This is one of the men that I opened the door to, who came after the lodgings of Mr. Taylor; it was on a Good Friday; I told Mr. Taylor, he was below stairs, they came down stairs to see the places there; I am quite sure this is one of the men.
This lady came into the office, and looked all round twice, and she said there was no person there that she had any knowledge of, after she came into the inner office, and I was called up, this gentleman said, says he, you must swear to him, that is the man; Mr. Blacketer remembers that.
I went in, and I did not see him at first.
The prosecutor desired me to lay hold of the prisoner, I took him to Litchfield-street.
At the time that he swore to what he has lost, I was not then in London, that was the 14th of April, I think, he swore to his watch being lost, I was at Hoxton; I work for a gentleman, at Islington, I have witnesses to prove that, I had my master here all this week, which is Mr. Johnson a joiner at Islington, but every Tuesday and Saturday he is obliged to go to Windsor about a building.
I live in Holliday-yard, Creed-lane, I am a labourer in the India warehouses, I know nothing more of the prisoner than this last Good Friday being a holiday, I was going to Hoxton; I believe it was between nine and ten in the morning.
Do you mean Hodsdon in Herts?
No, Hoxton in Shoreditch, and I met with Mr. Watson just by the turnpike, the London apprentice, I said to him I am going down to Charles Farmer 's, I believe you do not know him; says he, I will go with you, we went there, and there we stopped till night seven in the evening, before we parted, from that time we went to the Rum Puncheon in Hoxton town, the man's name is Farmer who keeps it, he is an acquaintance of mine, we staid till near seven in the evening; I have been acquainted with the prisoner pretty nigh a twelvemonth; I met with him with some cabinet-makers the first that ever I knew of him.
Have you been well acquainted with him?
No, my lord, not particularly.
Do you know what he is?
He is a cabinet-maker I believe, for he used to be always among the cabinet-makers.
Have you been well acquainted with his history?
No, my Lord, I have known him about a twelve-month.
Who was in company with you all this day at the Rum Puncheon?
There were several gardeners, but I do not recollect their names; the landlord I believe was not at home; I do not recollect any body that was in company, we drank together, and we staid together, and smoked our pipes in the afternoon, and we came away together, we came as far as Goswel-street I believe before we parted; there were several people in and out; there were only he and I in company there together.
Do you know any thing about the prisoner last Good Friday?
No, my Lord, I only know him by working with him for the same master; I think I have worked with him since the 1st of February; I never knew any thing but an honest and a sober man as far as I knew.
You do not know where he was before that time?
No, I did not know him before; Good Friday is a holiday, and we did not work.
What is the value of your watch?
Three pounds at a low valuation.
I found the prisoner at large.
In December session, 1781, the prisoner was convicted here of stealing a mare; in the September following, he received his Majesty's mercy, on condition of being transported for seven years.
I failed from the river Thames; the ship was taken away by the prisoners, and run into Dungenness; we were all ordered to go on shore, me and four or five more remained in the hold; I went over with the ship; she had a very bad passage; we were taken into a port in Maryland; the evening after we came in we were froze; the captain asked me, if I wished to be an indented servant, he said, he would write out our indentures, and the people would come on board and purchase us; he begged us to tell nobody, as there were about forty that were disposed of to the town of Baltimore; and some of them made a noise, calling them thieves; the inhabitants then began to find it out that they were convicts, they would not admit any to come on shore, nor go to purchase them; the inhabitants then discharged those that they had, and sent them into the woods; I was five weeks on board myself, when they found the vessel was obliged to go to another place, a merchant came on board, and took me to his own house; he asked ninety guineas for me, for three years, and the people thought it was too much; I was a fortnight at his own house, he got me a master who was a quaker, five miles from thence; after he found I was a convict he would not let me stay, he took me down to the place called the Notletts, and put me on board a ship, and he gave twelve dollars for my passage home; I told the captain I should be very happy to stay, he gave me leave to quit the ship, says he, do not let me see you leave it: I travelled night and day for three days, for fear I should meet with somebody to interrupt me and take me, I went to Petersburgh in Virginia, I got work there, this gentleman who purchased me, he was acquainted with this person that I worked for, whose name is Taylor; they happened to be coming through the country, they called there and saw me; the moment he had done so, he insisted on my going with him, that I was his servant; he said, he would send me home; he took me from Petersburgh, and put me on board a collier, and sent me home; I was obliged to come home; I brought some letters for a merchant.
They did not force you on board?
He said, I was his servant, as he had indented me for sixty guineas; my master put me on board the vessel first, but the captain gave me liberty to leave it; I was exceedingly well satisfied; my master when he called at Petersburgh he brought me and put me on board a vessel, a collier which came from Leeds, at least she went from there to Leeds, and he agreed with the captain to bring me over, the captain of the ship brought me over, when he found I was a convict, he would not let me be about his house.
Have you any body to prove the truth of all this?
No, my Lord.
Prisoner, having once received his Majesty's mercy, and having not only abused it by breaking the condition of that pardon and returning, but also having committed another felony since your pardon, I think it right to tell you, that under these circumstances you will do well to entertain but very little hopes of having the King's mercy a second time.
