At the time I was robbed, I lived in the house of Edward Taylor , at Newington , with his wife; they don't live together; he is a gentleman's coachman; he pays the rent of the house. I went out on the 11th of April, to drink tea at a carpenter's in the neighbourhood, and staid there till past ten o'clock. When I got home, I put the key into the door, and opened it, and immediately two men rushed in upon me, and both came into my room; the prisoner stood against the door; the other man, who I can't swear to, opened a dark lantern which he had, and came to me; they cut off my pocket, and took out a box with a ring in it, and five guineas, and he gave them to the prisoner, Tom Broad .
Do you usually carry so much as five guineas about you?
It was all I had got; I carried it about me, at that time, because I was at a lodging.
It was dark; had you any light but from the dark lantern?
The room was quite light from the lantern; I could distinguish his face so as to swear to him.
How long did they stay with you?
About ten minutes. There was nobody in the house but me; the person I lodge with goes out a washing; she was not come home.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
No.
When did you see him next?
Two men were taken up upon suspicion; I went before the justice to see them; they were not the people; then the constable desired me to go into a public-house, and see if there was any body I knew; I went in, and picked the prisoner out from among a dozen; I knew him directly.
Will you take upon you to swear that the prisoner is the man that received the money, and was present when the man took it from you?
I will. The light of the lantern reflected on the face of the prisoner; I could not see the face of the other man, when he cut my pocket off.
What are you?
A cook in gentlemen's families. I have kept a house in Carey-street.
You said, as soon as you opened the door they rushed in. Was that the outer door?
Yes; there are two rooms on the floor.
Is the prisoner dressed now as he was when you was robbed?
No; he had a black handkerchief on then.
I can bring plain proof where I was, the same hour she was robbed, ten miles off.
I am a bargeman; I live at Waltham-abbey. I know the prisoner; he was a bargeman; he worked along with me, with one Mr. Bridge, of Cheshunt; I have known him four or five years.
Was you in company with him in April last?
Yes; on Thursday, the 11th of April, up at the wharf in Cheshunt parish, where we unload our coals.
At what hour?
At ten o'clock at night; I was on board the barge; James Bagley and this man were a-bed together; this man was a-sleep; I was talking with Bagley.
Can you tell how he was employed at ten o'clock of any other night?
Yes; the night before we were a-bed together at Limehouse at twelve o'clock at night.
At ten o'clock?
Yes; at ten o'clock at night too.
What was you doing at ten o'clock at night on the ninth day of April?
I cannot recollect.
Can you give any account of him any other day in April?
Yes; on the twelfth. I was at work with him, getting the coals out of the barge.
I saw the prisoner on the 11th of April; he passed by Waltham-abbey about half after five o'clock, or it might be six.
What distance is Waltham-abbey from Stoke-Newington?
I believe, seven miles.
How came you to know it was the 11th of April?
We examined the toll-books, where the barges pass.
I have known him from an infant; I never heard any harm of him.
As you did not know the prisoner before, how came you to call him so familiarly Tom Broad?
I knew his name, having heard it so often; I did not know it till he was before the justice.
