I lived in the same room with the prisoner, and slept with her. I lost four pair of stockings on this day was a week. I brought in ten pair to mend; I put six pair in a basket. I went out about two o'clock and came home again in the evening. I owed her half a crown; I gave her a shilling, and told her when I carried home the stockings I would give her some more. I left her in the room and the stockings in the basket when I went out. I came home about five o'clock, and in about half an hour I missed the stockings. I asked the the prisoner about them; she began to laugh at me. I said pray, ma'am, give me my stockings. I was almost mad because I knew she had not a good character. At last she produced a pawnbroker's ticket for two pair, which she had pawned for two shillings. There were five pair missing. I found four pair; she would not tell me where the other pair was. She said they are safe enough. She was in liquor. She ran away, and I followed her three times, and prayed her to give me my stockings. Two pair were pawned, and the constable found two pair in her pocket.
I am a constable. I took the prisoner in a publick-house in Panton-street. The prosecutrix charged her with stealing five pair of silk stockings. The prisoner said she had pawned two pair, and she had two pair in her pocket and she would keep them, because the prosecutrix owed her money, and she had a right to keep them. The prosecutrix said she owed her eighteen-pence.
What did the prisoner say about the other pair?
She said she knew nothing about them. I took the two pair from her, and took her to the watch-house that night, and the next day she was committed.
I am a pawnbroker. I took in two pair of silk stockings of Elisabeth Ashton on the 19th of February.
On the 19th of February the prisoner had two of my children to take care of. I went there about one o'clock.
Was you there when the prosecutrix went out?
I was in the fore room when the prosecutrix went out. The prisoner told me the prosecutrix was gone to pawn some stockings to get out two neckcloths she had pawned of her's. When the prosecutrix returned and knocked at the door I opened it. She gave me a neckcloth and desired me to give it to the prisoner. She went out again directly without coming into the parlour.
Did she say any thing when she gave you the neckcloth?
Not a word. After she was gone the prisoner gave me two pair of stockings to pawn, to get out the other neckcloth, because the prosecutrix had brought but one, and she said she could not carry home her linen without it. I said she had better go herself. She said she had lent the prosecutrix her hat and cloak, and could not go out without them. I went and pawned them in her name for two shillings, and gave her the money and a duplicate of them. Then the prisoner borrowed a hat and cloak of the woman of the house; she went out and brought in a neckcloth, ironed them both, and went home with the linen. When she returned she said she had not taken the money for the linen. I went home directly.
Had you pawned two neckcloths for the prisoner?
Yes; she gave them me to pawn for her, which I did, and gave her the money.
Did you bring one of these neckcloths home that afternoon?
Yes, I did.
What did you pawn in order to redeem that?
Nothing; I had a shilling; I went and brought it home.
Why did not you bring them both home?
They were not mine; I did not pawn them for myself. I had no more money; I promised to bring her own home.
How came you to go and redeem that neckcloth with your own money if you pawned it for her?
It was pawned in my name.
