I am a Jeweller . On Easter Tuesday, at near two in the morning, I met the prisoner in Golden-lane ; she asked me to go home with her; she directly put her hand to my breeches pocket, and catched at my watch, but she did not take it; then I felt in my breeches pocket, and missed my money, which was 9 s. it consisted of a half-crown piece, 6 d. and 6 s. Directly I called the watch; the prisoner then called out, and a man came up; and as soon as the watchman came up, two more men came up; I gave the watchman charge of her, for robbing me of 9 s. The men that came up said, Do not go to hurt the poor woman: when I told them what she had done, they said, You can do nothing with her; do not go to hurt her. I perceived her slip something under her cloak to one of those men; I suppose the half crown, for I did not see it afterwards. One of these men went into the watch house, and we found him whispering to the officer of the night. When the prisoner came there, she pulled out her money.
You was sober?
Yes.
Did you agree to go home with her?
No.
Did I attack you, or you me?
She attacked me: I did not speak to her first; she met me, and laid hold of me.
I am a watchman in Red-cross Street, Cripplegate. About two in the morning I heard the cry of Watch! I saw the prosecutor and prisoner; the prosecutor said she had robbed him. When I was taking her to the round-house, I saw three men men at a distance: they came up to her; and she slipped something out of her hand into one of their hands, and he put it into his breeches-pocket. I asked him, what he had got? He said, Nothing; and slipped into the watch-house. When I came in, he was leaning over the table: he said, What are you going to do with this woman? The prosecutor gave charge: the officer would not take charge; he said, Every body must live by their calling.
What day was this?
On Easter Tuesday, the 17th. The officer's name is Coverly. The prosecutor would not go, without his charge being taken. Another person came in, and said it was wrong not to take charge of her; and he took charge of her.
I was searched, and there was nothing found upon me; I am innocent of it.
Where do you live?
In Cradle-court, Red-cross street.
