My husband's name was John Collier , I have had the misfortune of losing my husband since this affair happened; our house was broke open the last day of August.
Do you happen to know of yourself whether the house was secure the night before?
Yes, Sir, I am very sure of it.
Who was the last up in the family?
Mr. Collier; he was not long after me when I went to bed; all was then safe, the doors and windows were shut and fastened; I went to bed at near twelve; I was alarmed in the morning about six; I got up and came down with Mr. Collier into the shop; the door was open before I came down, but the shutters were broke to pieces, and a pane of glass; the screws of the bolts of the shutters had been forced out, and the glass broke; there were goods missed to a large amount, about the value of one hundred and twenty pounds.
I believe you have no knowledge at all of the persons?
No, Sir, I have had the property ever since, which was given me by one of the witnesses.
It was perfectly light when you got up?
Yes, it had been light some time.
Was there any alarm earlier than six?
No.
I went to Mr. Collier's after this robbery, and in September I went with Mr. Collier to a house in Brick-lane; on the 11th of September I went to the house of Aldred, on the information that Mr. Collier had received himself; there we found a large quantity of muslin, dimity, some pieces of Irish, some pieces of printed cotton, and a quantity of handkerchiefs, both linen and cotton, I believe.
Who was at Aldred's, when you found these things?
Neither he nor she were at home; they came home soon afterwards, there was nobody at home but the daughter; when they came home we took them into custody; nobody was there during the time, but Aldred, his wife, and daughter. We found a small quantity of linen at the room of Mrs. Bell, on the 19th in the morning; Mrs. Bell is not here.
Did you see the prisoner Taylor at any of these places?
No, I did not; I saw him at a Mr. Goldsmith's; we found a brace of large horse pistols, which were produced here on the former trial, and were delivered into court; Taylor was apprehended on Wednesday the 28th of February, in Golden-lane, at the house of one Mr. Trott.
Was any thing found on Taylor when he was apprehended?
No kind of property whatever; I know nothing further.
On the 11th of September I received information of some goods suspected to be at Mr. Aldred's in Brick-lane; I went there on a search warrant with Mr. Collier; we found some goods there, some pieces of handkerchiefs, and some Irish; they were not at home, when we were searching the house; they came home afterwards and we apprehended them; I found nothing else, but there was some new cloth at the lodging where I was directed, in Ratcliffe-lai, behind St. Luke's church; there was some new cloth made up in an apron; we went there first, and found out the lodgings, and I found a new apron there, and some cloth; and I said to Mr. Armstrong, we will take Athill across the fields to see if he will say any thing; and going along, he shewed me the very house where I had found the cloth, for he said he bought the goods there.
Whose house was that?
Mrs. Bell lived there, and there were some men's clothes there that hung up; I believe it was Mrs. Bell's lodgings, I cannot positively say; we found her there; there was a coat and breeches hung up, we suspected them to be the prisoner's, but cannot swear they were; the prisoner was not there.
Have you ever seen him there?
No, I have not.
Do you know any thing further till the prisoner was taken up?
No, I advertised the prisoner and another through Athill's directions; I was not at the taking of the prisoner.
Are you the wife of Samuel Aldred?
Yes.
You and your husband were taken into custody on account of some things that were found in your house?
Yes, I bought the things that were found of Athill.
When?
About seven or eight months ago, I cannot six the time nearer than that.
How long was it before they were found?
I believe about four or five days; I bought them of Athill at his house.
Do you know any thing of your own knowledge about them?
I cannot say I do somehow.
Where is your husband?
He is coming, I expect him every minute.
Are you sworn?
Yes.
You know the situation in which you stand before the Court; I therefore advise you to be cautious in your evidence; take care that you tell the whole truth, and that you tell nothing else; if you secret any thing, or are caught tripping in your evidence, you know you have no favour to expect: did you sell any thing to Samuel and Elizabeth Aldred in September last?
To Mrs. Aldred I did.
When?
Some time in last September.
How long before the officers came to apprehend you?
About a week, as near as I can recollect now.
When and how did those things come into your possession?
I believe it was the 6th of September that one Richard Stephens came to my house in the morning; I think it was the 6th of September, I am not sure of it.
I wish you would recollect a little better?
I cannot now; I cannot be positive; it was some time in September, but I cannot recollect the day of the month.
Can you recollect the day of the week?
I think it was on a Friday.
Do not you know the day of the month?
Upon my oath I have forgot the day of the month; to be certain to the day of the month, I cannot recollect now.
It is a little extraordinary you should forget a thing you had so much reason to bear in mind?
I have a great deal of reason to bear it in mind, but it has slipped my memory; I think it was on a Friday morning. I cannot recollect what day in September it was.
How long was it before you sold the things to Aldred?
About a week, as near as I can recollect; and the thing were sold to Aldred, some days before he was taken up; it was Stevens that came to me in the morning.
Was there any body with Stevens then?
No nobody.
Did you make any appointment with him to meet him any where?
Yes.
Where?
At the cart and horses, in Goswell-street, at Mr. Langdale's.
When?
At seven in the evening, I was to meet him.
Did you meet him there?
Yes.
Was there any body else in his company there?
Yes.
Who?
One Harry Fosset , Tucker and one Thomas Taylor .
What this prisoner?
My Lord, as to his person, I cannot take upon myself to swear he is the same man; there was a man they called Thomas Taylor there; I cannot take upon myself safely to swear that he was the man; upon my oath, I cannot say that he is the man; not positively; when I was before Mr. Blackborrow, he examined me, and I told him, I could not upon my oath take upon myself to swear he was the man.
Did not you know that Thomas Taylor before that evening?
Never, I never had any acquaintance with him, nor ever saw the man to the best of my knowledge.
You mean to swear that?
Yes, to the best of my knowledge.
You seemed before to speak of that man that was called Thomas Taylor , as of a man you knew very well?
I never did to my knowledge; I do not know that I ever saw the man before that evening that I bought the things; the two men, Stephens and Fossett, I knew them very well; I never made any scruple of them.
Do you know Thomas Taylor , the prisoner at the bar?
No, I never saw him but once before in my life, and that was at Mr. Blackborrow's; I never saw him, not to my knowledge; I never did indeed, Sir.
I am a milkman; I remember meeting four men, with four bundles, on the last day of August, about thirty-five minutes after three, as nigh as I can guess, but who they were, I cannot tell; I met them in Islington church-yard.
Did you know the persons of any of these men?
I did not.
Should you know the persons of any of them if you should see them again?
I do not think I should; I should not know them.
Have you any knowledge of this matter, further than finding the property?
No, nothing else; under the direction of Athill, I saw the woman where the property was bought, in company with this prisoner, since he has been committed for the fact; nothing further than that.
Why did not you subpoena Mrs. Bell to attend as an evidence?
I never saw her but that time; I knew her very well; I would have done it if I thought I had the least authority in the world; I should have been very proud to have done it; I was not even at the apprehending of this man; I did not know till Lucy sent me word.
Why did not you subpoena Mrs. Bell?
I did not know we could do such a thing; she was tried for this fact.
Yes, but she was acquitted?
I applied to that gentleman on the bench;
Do you know any thing how those goods that were found in your house came there?
My wife bought them of Mr. Athill.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner Taylor?
I never saw him in my life before to my knowledge.
Gentlemen of the Jury, this business now stands in such a situation, that whatever may be the truth of the case, there is no evidence at all against the prisoner.
I hope you will take warning, prisoner; your life has escaped in this business, but unless you leave that course of life, which there is great reason to believe you are following, you will not escape the laws of your country long; you may depend upon it your person is too well known; your character is too well known: you may escape punishment for all the offences you have committed; provided you commit none in future; and you may return to the ways of honesty; you have health and strength enough to gain an honest livelihood, if you will do it; you will therefore consider that you have no chance of saving your life for any length of time, if you continue in bad courses.
My Lord, at the time of Athill's examination, I was present when all of it was taken; he informed me that Stephens, Fosset, Taylor and Tucker were all concerned; I then said to him, you mean them that use such a house; yes, says he; Taylor and them that were tried for Mr. Reeves's robbery; them are the men; I have likewise seen him in company with Taylor, at a public house; he was sitting at a window, and abusing the officers, and threatening them.
You and all the officers of justice perfectly know Mr. Athill now, as well as Mr. Taylor; therefore I recommend it to you to keep an eye on Mr. Athill; if he is caught tripping, you cannot recommend yourself more to the favour of the Court, than in detecting him in every thing he may commit; if you are vigilant and active, you may at least render it impossible for him to go on with his business. Is there any body besides you, who has seen Athill in company with Taylor.
I have, at Bill the plaisterer's.
When was it that you saw Athill in company with Taylor?
It was some time last summer; it was before September.
Are you sure of that?
I am positive.
I cannot positively say to the time I saw him, it was before he was taken up for this robbery.
My Lord, I have seen Athill at Bill the plaisterer's, where they all resorted, not in company.
Let Athill be brought into Court, and let him stand committed to take his trial for perjury, in swearing that he never saw Taylor before the evening he bought the things.
I have said nothing but the real truth, according to my own judgement.
Let him be committed to Newgate.
