I keep a glass and china shop in Mount-street . On the first of March I went out, leaving a maid-servant, Ann Tucker , to take care of the shop.
The prisoner and another woman came when my mistress was absent, and asked to see some cups and saucers: I shewed them several; they did not buy any; the prisoner desired to go backwards into the yard; I let her go; she went through the parlour; she came back again into the shop; then she asked for a pen and ink to write a direction; I went into the parlour to give her a pen and ink; she followed me into the parlour; as she was well dressed I had no suspicion of her: she sat down to write at a table under a glass, and the watch hung under the glass; I turned about to look at and watch the other woman, who was left in the shop, where the goods were: after the prisoner wrote the direction, she went out of the parlour, and they went away; the prisoner said she should send a porter for the cups and saucers. In two or three minutes after they were gone out, I looked and missed the watch, upon which I called out Stop thief! they were not out of sight; the prisoner and the other woman ran; I ran after them: a gentleman stopped the prisoner; and, when she was stopped, she likewise called out Stop thief! upon which that gentleman let her go: she was stopped afterwards by a person who had picked up the watch: when I came up to her, she said she had not got the watch.
I was in the street at the time; I heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw a person running; I also ran; I saw the watch dropped by the prisoner; I was about ten yards behind her, and the other woman was on the other side of me; I was between them; I took the watch up; I made up to her, and stopped her.
I went into the shop with another person who was an old acquaintance of mine; she was going to buy some china for her mistress; she thought I was a better judge of it than herself, as I had been the mother of children: the young woman asked 7 s. for half a dozen cups and saucers; I said I thought it was too much: she said she would go home and tell her mistress the price. I asked to go backwards. I went into the parlour with this woman to write the direction; after I had wrote the note, I came out into the shop: we came out of the door: the person with me said she saw a gentleman pass that was a good friend of hers; she ran after him, and spoke to him; we ran together; I heard the cry of Stop thief! when this gentleman stopped me, he said, I believe you are the thief; I said, I do not know what you mean; if any thing is lost, pursue that young woman, as she has run away: then the gentleman let me go, and ran after the young woman; but whether he catched her or not I do not know. I put an advertisement in the paper, but could never find out the gentleman. I never knew her guilty of any thing of this sort before, if she is guilty now. I am above five months gone with child.
