I am the wife of Robert Threadgold , and mother of Dorothy Threadgold ; about two o'clock in the night, on the 7th of October, I heard the watch cry the hour, soon after, heard the latch lifted, thought the lodgers might be coming in; there is a little window on the side of the door, I heard the glass shake, then there is a fence round the back kitchen window, I heard move twice; I heard a scratching on the kitchen window, down on the wall near the kitchen window, almost a yard and a half from the ground, as if there was a slipping down of something, then I heard the window pulled down; the sash draws down, the top sash, then I heard the lock of the back kitchen window smack, it makes a loud smack when it shuts, and the door open, which creacked; I was in a great fright, I waked my husband, told him somebody was got into the house; my husband listened with me, they were on the stairs we thought, I listened till they came to the parlour door, I called out, who is there, nobody answered, he got out of bed, I begged he would not open the door, but call the watch, which he did; when the watchman came in they searched the house; I know the prisoner at the bar, he lived in our house almost a year and a half, since that time there never was any intimacy between him and my daughter, she is sixteen years old; I keep no servant, my daughter does the work of the house; they found the street door and back door safe, my daughter shut the latch, and she brought the key of the house to me; the rule is to lock the door and put it in the fore kitchen, and that key was brought to us.
Have you, and your husband, and daughter, had any conversation about it?
We have spoke to it again.
Do you recollect your husband encouraging your daughter to swear against him, or tell her she should be chained to the floor if she did not?
No, sir; I never heard of such words; he was not taken up for this affair, not upon bail for it; I never saw my daughter and him together; his sister and brother lodged there a year and an half.
Your house is in Castle-street, Oxford market?
Yes; one watchman came in, then I took up a stick from off the salt bin, went to the street door, found it bolted, and the yard door was bolted; the kitchen door was three-parts open, that goes into the kitchen; then I saw the sash of the window as low as it could go, it was a draw down sash, there are no shutters to it; the fence of wood was pulled back, (to keep the children from falling into the area) the wooden bar, that was pulled out; then we went to the door in the fore area, that was bolted and fast; goes up two pair of stairs, saw the door on the jar, two pair of stairs backwards, four children were there, three girls and a boy, two in each bed; the first thing I observed was my daughter, who said, lord, daddy, what is the matter, she says, here is a man got into the bed, that was what she said; when I first saw her, she was raising herself up in the bed, immediately after, she said, lord, here is a man in bed, it was not two minutes before she said, lord, it is Michael Dignam ; I told her to go into the other bed; the watchman muttered, God damn my soul, how came I here, what children are them; I had no conversation with the prisoner, farther that he was quite undressed, his head under the cloaths, quite covered; I cannot take upon me to answer whether he was in liquor; the watchman asked him how he came there; he said he was bewitched, the watchman told him, we shall let you know how you came here; he dressed, we went down stairs; I went and dressed myself; the watchman and I found the fence in the middle of the yard, and the print or a man's foot there; we secured him, took him before the justice, his defence there, was, he had kept company with her, she was his sweetheart, and he would marry her.
Did they keep company together while he lodged there?
Never to my knowledge.
How was the front room occupied?
There was a carpenter and his wife lodged there; there is a butcher and his wife in the first floor, and in the garret a woman and her husband there.
You need not go on, by this time the jury will see, there was no intention to commit a rape.
How old are the children?
This daughter is sixteen, next to her twelve, the boy is ten.
The question is, whether he broke into the house with intent to commit a rape, it is clear that was not the intent; she complained of no force nor violence at he time.
