I keep an house in Brewer's-yard, Rosemary-lane, in the parish of Aldgate . On the 2d of August I went into the country at about three o'clock in the morning; I left twenty guineas in the drawer. I cannot be positive whether it was locked; I found it open; I thought I had locked it. I likewise lost a shirt and a shift, and three or four pieces of silk. The constable has what money was left unspent. The other things were found in the prisoner's apartment. I had hired the prisoner on the Sunday to look after my children, because my wife was dead. The little children she took home every night. I came home on the 5th of August, then I heard she had had 200 l. left her; not hearing of that before I suspected it was mine. I looked and missed my money; I took her in the morning in bed. The constable charged her with taking the money out of my drawer. She owned she had taken the money out of the drawer, and laid out nineteen guineas of it. I was with the constable when he took her out of bed. She said her husband was innocent, that she alone was guilty of the fact.
Did you say it would be better for her to to confess?
No. She owned what she had bought, and gave us two guineas, two half crowns, and a Holland's doit back out of the money. The next day we went and searched her apartment, and found the shirt, shift, and silk.
Who did you leave in the house when you went away?
She had the whole care of the house, I left nobody in it but her and five infants; I saw the money the night before, between eleven and twelve o'clock, when I went to bed.
I never was in trouble before. I leave it to the mercy of the Jury to do what they will with me.
I am an officer in Whitechapel parish. The prosecutor came to the watch-house and desired me to go with him to the prisoner's lodgings. When I came to the room she got up and opened the door; I told her she was my prisoner. I told her if she had done any thing amiss to own it; upon that she said she had robbed him of twenty guineas.
Did you tell her it would be better for her?
I looked upon it in that light that it would be better for her.
She said nothing before you told her that?
I cannot say; he was in the room as soon as I; I did not hear him say any thing.
I said nothing to her.
