On last Tuesday was a week, which was the 31st of December, between five and six in the afternoon, as I was going home between Hayes Turnpike and Southwell , about half a mile from Hayes, my son was carrying a lantern before me, a man rose out of the ditch and pushed him down, or knocked him down, upon the lantern, I cannot say which, and put out the candle in the lantern; he then took hold of me and demanded my money, else he would blow my brains out; I gave him the halfpence out of one pocket and the silver out of the other; I gave him the silver first; he said, d - n your eyes! this is not all; give me all, or I will blow your brains out.
Do you recollect how much money you gave him?
No; I believe it was about 12 s. I don't know exactly what I had in my pocket; my son ran towards the turnpike to get help for me; I went as fast as I could home to get help to see whether my son was murdered in the road or not; I expected he was dead in the road.
Do you know who made this attack upon you?
No; only he had passed by me about a quarter of an hour before, and I observed his coat.
Did you know who it was?
No.
Do you know him now?
I believe I do if I see him.
How do you know that it was the same person that made the attack upon you?
My son saw him go all the way before; when I saw him come out of the ditch I saw he had the same clothes on as when he passed me.
Have you ever seen him since?
Yes, at Mr. Griffith's; he was then in a different dress to what he had on when he stopped me.
Did you know him then?
No; he was in a different dress.
Then you could not know him if you was to see him again?
I don't know that I should.
You have not seen him at any time since to be certain of his person?
No; I have not.
How old are you?
Thirteen.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
No.
What will be the consequence, if now you are sworn, you should speak false?
I should go to the devil.
Were you with your mother on the evening when this robbery happened?
Yes; the man passed us between Hayes Turnpike and Southwell.
Did you take any particular notice of the man that passed you?
Yes.
How came you to take any notice of him?
Because I had some suspicion of him.
Where did he go when he passed you?
Into the hedge.
Did he go far after he passed you before he went into the hedge?
Yes; it may be about a quarter of a mile.
Then he stopped?
Yes; he stooped himself into the hedge.
Did you see him stop?
Yes.
How far was he from you?
About twenty yards.
Did you keep sight of him till he stopped?
Yes; when I came opposite to him he jumped out of the hedge and kicked me in the head, and knocked me down in the road upon the top of the lantern.
What did he do then?
I did not see any thing after that; I ran back to the turnpike.
How soon did you come to your recollection to see what was doing?
I cannot tell; I did not stay to see any thing else; I got up directly and ran to the turnpike for assistance.
Did you, before the man knocked you down, take so much notice of him, and see him so well, that you should know him again?
Yes; I think I should know him again.
Have you ever seen him since?
Yes, at Mr. Bishop's.
Did you know him then?
No.
Was he in the same dress then that he was in the night he committed the fact?
No; he was in a different dress.
Did you know him as soon as you saw him?
Yes.
How long afterwards was it that you saw him at Mr. Bishop's?
It was on the Sunday after.
The robbery was committed on the Friday?
Yes.
Do you know how he came to be taken up?
No.
Look round the court and see if you see him now?
(looks round!) that is the man (pointing to the prisoner.)
Are you quite sure that is the man that knocked you down that evening?
Yes.
Did you hear him examined at Mr. Bishop's?
Yes.
Did he say any thing about it there?
No.
Do you know how the prisoner came to be taken up?
Yes; by a warrant from Mr. Bishop on the information of George Jarvis and Mrs. Welch; I took him at Ricklesworth, on Sunday the 2d of January.
Did you search him?
Yes; I found nothing upon him but a six-pence in an old pocket.
Did you carry him before Mr. Bishop?
Yes.
Were you present when he was examined before Mr. Bishop about this robbery?
Yes; he denied it all on the Sunday.
Did he say any thing about it at any other time?
Yes; on the Monday he confessed both the robberies.
Where was he examined then?
Before Mr. Bishop.
Who was present?
John Welch , Edward Nichols , and Mrs. Welch; he confessed robbing Mrs. Welch and George Jarvis .
What was said by Mr. Bishop or any body else to induce him to make this confession?
When he was examined on the Sunday, he said he had no coat but that he had on; we went to his lodgings and found the coat; Welch said he had that coat on at the time of the robbery.
Where does he live?
At Ricklesworth; I believe he is a collar-maker.
Did you search his house?
Yes; and found the coat he was said to have under the bed; that is the coat he has on now.
What coat had he on at Mr. Bishop's?
A thick-set frock.
On the second day what promises were made to induce him to confess?
No promises at all; when we came back with the coat, he went into a private room and confessed he had robbed Mrs. Welch and Mr. Jarvis.
Did you hear him told it would be better for him to confess?
Yes; Mr. Bishop told him he would shew him all the favour he could if he would confess the truth and own what he had done with the money.
Did he say that before he confessed the robbery?
No; not till after he had made the confession.
What was said to him before he made a confession of the robbery; was any thing said to make him expect any favour if he made a confession?
Nothing more than that.
Was that said?
Yes; that about the money.
Then he was told before he confessed that it would be better for him to confess?
No; that was after he confessed.
Was there any promise made him before he confessed?
No, not in my hearing.
Upon what occasion did Mr. Bishop tell him if he told the truth he would shew him as much mercy as he could?
To own what he had done with the money.
They said at the public house, before I went to the justice, it would be better for me to confess; both of these gentlemen made that promise.
When you had him at the public house, before you went to the justice, did you say it would better for him to confess?
Not to my knowledge I did not.
Speak out any thing you know?
I did not.
Did any body else make him any promises, or make use of any means to induce him to confess?
No; not that I know of.
I had a warrant to take up the prisoner on the information of George Jarvis ; I took him at Ricklesworth.
At his own house?
No; we sent for him to an alehouse and said we wanted to speak to him.
What did you say to him in order to induce him to confess?
Not a single word; we carried him from thence to the Angel, and then to Mr. Bishop's.
What did you say to him there to induce him to confess?
Not a word.
What did he say before Mr. Bishop?
On the Sunday he denied it strongly.
Was any thing said about a coat?
He denied having any coat but the one he had on, for three months back.
Upon that was there any search made for a coat?
A search warrant was granted the next day; I searched at his house and found the coat under the bed, between a straw mattrass and a featherbed.
Was that the coat he has on now?
Yes.
When he was carried before Mr. Bishop after that, what did he say about the robbery?
He then confessed it.
What did you say in order to induce him to make that confession?
Not a word that I know of.
Did not you both say it would be better for me to tell the truth?
We did not. I found in his lodging the coat, a stopping iron, and a plough paddle. When I returned with them I said to him, now, my friend, I must confine you closely, for here is the coat you denied; he said then, that he wanted to save himself; I went out with him and he begged and prayed of me to intercede with Mr. Bishop for him; I told him I would not hear it; he then confessed to Mr. Bishop, and then he went into a room and told it to five or six people without being asked any thing at all about it.
What was the iron you found?
An iron they stuff collars with; he owned that that was what he had, robbed them with instead of a pistol.
Do you recollect what coloured coat the man had on that robbed you?
Yes, a light-coloured ragged coat;
What sort of coat had the man on who passed you on the road?
A light-coloured coat. He had another coat on at the justice's.
Should you know the coat he had on that night?
Yes.
Was it like the coat he has on now?
Yes; it was a light-coloured coat torn behind.
Was it that coat?
It was like it, I cannot be sure.
They persuaded me to confess at the public house, and said, if I confessed, they might be of some service to me.
