swear to the prisoner it is so long since, but I believe it to be him; he asked me eight pence to carry the trunk, which is what I always gave, I have a number of parcels in the course of the week, and that being the price, I concluded he had been there before; I told him to carry the trunk, and I would follow him, and Mrs. Ball and me got there in four or five minutes after, I enquired whether the porter had been there, and found he had not, nor any such person, he never came; the next day the gown was stopped at Mr. Nelson's a piece broker, I published hand bills, and applied to Bow-street, and advertised in the papers, but none of the other things were ever found to my knowledge; Mrs. Ball speaks more particularly to the trunk; about three weeks ago, I heard of the prisoner by a Jew, who bought the gown of him.
How came it to your knowledge?
In consequence of those hand bills, and Mr. Nelson's knowing the Jew who bought it, he said, he had seen the prisoner, and was to take some things out of pawn, and if I would go and meet him that day, but I could not; but I saw the prisoner on Easter Tuesday, the 22d in the watch-house, in Fleet-market, he was taken up on suspicion of this robbery, I recollected him immediately, I believed him to be the same man.
Did you charge him with the fact?
Was he told in your presence what he was taken up for?
He was examined upon it.
What answer did he make?
The first time he said, he got the gown of a servant maid that was gone to America, and the last time he said, the Jew did not give him the money for the gown, and he denied having been in our house.
Do you recollect at this distance of time, what things you packed up in the trunk, that was to go to Northampton?
I cannot recollect the whole, these things I set down, from which the indictment was taken I recollect.
Mention a few of them?
They were packed up in a hair portmanteau trunk, there was a white sattin gown laid almost at the top, and a white cambrick Polanese and coat, trimmed with the same; a chintz pattern trimmed with dark green; this white sattin gown; I put them up, or saw them put in, my servant put some in, but I was in the room all the time; I remember calling the man; I stood at the door by myself; I did not observe him so much as to swear to him; I believe him to be the man; he is like the man, but I cannot positively swear to him.
Do you know any thing of the manner in which the gown was found?
I went down to Northampton, but I was informed of it by a letter.
I am a piece broker, I live at No. 39, Holywell-street; on Friday the 31st of May, Mrs. Ball's servant was in my shop about four o'clock, getting some silk pinked for another dress for her mistress, and she was very anxious to get it done, and gave the reasons that her mistress had been robbed; and particularly she described this gown to me, and she was not gone above an hour by a memorandum, which I made in the book afterwards, before the gown came in between five and six by a Jew; I told the Jew the suspicion I had, and I got him to consent to leave it with me till Monday, on agreeing for the price that I was to give him, upon consideration that it was not Mrs. Ball's gown; I went immediately to Mr. Ball's, and the servant came and claimed the gown; on the Monday the Jew came again, Mr. Ball was in my shop when he came in, he brought another Jew, whom he said he bought it of; then Mr. Ball went immediately and got a constable, and we went to the pawnbroker's where this gown was pawned, and where the second Jew said he had bought it; we could hear of no other articles but that.
Did the pawnbroker acknowledge having sold it to the Jew?
It was redeemed by the Jew, but the pawnbroker can explain that best.
I have had it ever since the beginning of last June, it was the same I had of Mr. Nelson.
Was that the same you got from the Jew?
The same.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 180, Oxford-street, my wife took in this gown, on the 30th of May, about half past eight or nine, in the name of Mary Brown ; I know by my books, the prisoner and this Jew redeemed it of me the next morning.
Did you know the prisoner before?
I did not, but he owned it himself the other day at Bow-street, that he sold it to the Jew.
How long were they with you?
Not above three minutes.
Did you take notice of the prisoner so much, to know him again at this distance of time?
I am almost sure, to the best of my knowledge, that it is the person.
Recollect whether you are quite sure of his person?
I am almost positive that is the man.
What did you hear him say at the office?
He owned at the office, that he redeemed that gown of me, and sold it to the Jew.
Is the Jew here?
Do you know Glegg the pawnbroker?
Do you remember at the end of last May, going to his shop and redeeming a sattin gown?
I remember about ten months ago, the prisoner at the bar was brought to me by my partner about one o'clock, I cannot recollect the day, it was the same day when I went with him to the pawnbroker's, and I took out a gown which was pawned for twelve shillings, and he wanted to sell it.
How much did you pay?
I paid twelve shillings, and he paid the interest, he said, if I would not buy it, he would put it in again, I agreed for twenty-six shillings for the whole.
Whose gown did he say it was?
He said it was his wife's, he was distressed for some money.
What did you do with the gown?
I sold it to another Jew for twenty-eight shillings.
What is that other Jew's name?
I do not know his name.
Did you sell it the same day?
Yes, about two hours after; a day or two after I went to the shopkeeper's with him.
Did you look at the gown again, when it was at Mr. Nelson's?
Was it the same?
Yes, that was the gown I bought of the prisoner.
Are you sure of that?
Did you examine it so as to swear to it?
What is become of the other Jew?
I do not know, I believe he is not in town.
Are you sure the prisoner is the person you went to the pawnbroker's with?
That I am sure of.
Was it you that brought the prisoner to the last witness?
Yes, he told me he had a gown in pawn, and asked me if I would take it out, I told him, I had not so much money at present, if he would call at the public house, I and my partner would meet him about one o'clock; my partner and the prisoner went to the pawnbroker's, I s tood at the door.
Are you sure the prisoner is the same man?
Did you see the gown at all?
Did you examine it so as to know it again?
Did you see it at Nelson's?
I saw the trunk delivered to the porter to carry to the Ram, at Smithfield, I was at Mr. Ball's house, employed to help to get up the linen, I would not positively swear to him, because of the length of time, but as far as I can recollect, the prisoner is the person.
When the jew that sold you the gown, came the second time
with the other Jew, did they look at the gown then, did you shew it them?
Yes, to the best of my memory they examined it, they were both together.
I got that gown thus, I had it of a young woman, a servant out of place that was going abroad, she owed me a few shillings, she had no other recompence to make me, but that duplicate in the name of Mary Brown , the Jew only gave me two shillings more than it was pledged for, my friends are not in town, I have no witnesses.
