My house is in Hatton-street . I was out of town in September. The prisoner came into my service in 1776, and staid till the June following, then he left my service. The things mentioned in the indictment, were kept in a chest in a dark room, where the prisoner when he was my servant usually slept.
I had the care of Mr. Adams's house in Hatton-street. The prisoner came to the house, I think it was on the 9th of September last. I told him I had nothing to ask him to eat, but if he would come and take a bit of dinner at such a time he was welcome, which he did. He went afterwards to sleep on the end of the dresser. I said he seemed very sleepy, he might go if he would and lie down on the bed where he used to lie; that was in a dark closet where the chest with the clothes was kept. After that he came down again and went into the garden; I happened to turn round. He brought in a coat upon his arm, which he had laid down with his hat, when he came in; that coat was gone and missing; that coat and his hat. I went up stairs.
How long might he stay in this dark room?
I believe it might be about three hours.
Did he go away?
Yes, without saying any thing. I saw him come out of the garden; I thought he was gone into the fore kitchen. Missing the coat and hat I went to see; he was not there; and when I went up stairs he was gone. I went into the dark room and found the chest open, and there was nothing left in it.
Did you miss any thing else?
Yes, some tablecloths.
Do you know whether the chest was locked or open?
It seldom was locked; I had not opened it all the summer.
Had not other people during the course of the summer been in the house besides the prisoner?
Yes, there was a char-woman at that very time cleaning down the house.
Of course she had occasion to go up stairs and into all parts of the house?
She had. The woman was not in that place to take any thing.
How do you know that; was she never out of your sight?
Yes, she was.
Was this room locked?
No.
Then when she was out of your sight she might go into this place as well as any where else, how long did she continue in the house?
A long while after he was gone.
Did she come the next day?
No.
Did you see her go away?
Yes.
Did you observe her carry any thing away with her?
She did not.
Did she go out while the prisoner was there?
No, only for a pot of beer.
Where is this room?
Up stairs from the kitchen on the ground floor. When he went into the garden he came down and went through the kitchen; when he came in he went up stairs again.
Did you say any thing to this woman about missing any thing?
I did not; I did not know what was gone. I said to her, this chest is open, have you been in here? She said she had not.
How long was you from home?
About three weeks or a month.
Your master was from home three weeks or a month?
Yes.
During that time had not other persons been in the house with you?
Yes; to drink tea with me.
And went freely about the house?
No, they never did.
I keep the Coach and Horses in Leather-lane. The prisoner came to me on the 13th of September and left a knife and fork with me; he told me they were his own; I never saw him before that time; he came in between four and five o'clock in the morning; he was playing with a girl in the tap-room, and for fear he should cut himself he gave them me to take care of till he went away, and then he gave me his hat to take care of till he went away; while I went down into the cellar to draw some beer he went into the bar and took the hat and went away. I had put the knife and fork in a drawer, he could not get at them; he left them for the reckoning.
How was he dressed?
In an orange-coloured coat and waistcoat, and had on a pair of black breeches and a large horseman's coat.
You, for some reason, apprehended this man?
Yes, and delivered him to the care of the constable. I found on him an orange-coloured coat and waistcoat, an old table cloth, an iron-grey coat and waistcoat, and a pair of black Florentine silk breeches; they were taken from his possession by order of the justice at Staines. I apprehended him at Colnebrooke.
I am a constable of Colnebrook. I took the prisoner and this bundle of things to the justice; they were left with William Lloyd , another constable , in Middlesex.
Are they the same things?
Yes, they are. I saw them examined before, and they are all the same things.
How long ago is it?
A month last Wednesday.
The things appear to me to be the same;
I have a coat here which the prisoner had on his back at Clerkenwell (producing it.)
I am servant to the keeper of Clerkenwell. prison. I have a pair of breeches and waistcoat I took from the prisoner; he had them all on when he was committed to our custody.
I am a tailor and work for Mr. Adams. This orange-coloured coat, waistcoat, and black silk breeches , I made for Mr. Adams; the others I believe to be his property, but I only put buttons upon them.
Is there any thing you can know the breeches by?
Yes; I covered the waistband with shalloon over the button holes.
I believe them to be mine; I have not a shadow of doubt but they are the clothes.
I am servant to Mr. Adams. I have the care of Mr. Adams's plate.
Do you remember that silver handled knife and fork?
Yes, I believe them to be my master's; there is an A upon them; there is a knife and fork missing out of the case. I know these clothes to be my master's; they were left in the chest at that time; I believe the table-cloth to be my master's; it is marked on the corner with an A.
Can you form any judgement of the value of the things found?
I believe they are worth five guineas at the lowest valuation; the breeches had never been worn; the tailor charged two pounds, three shillings for them.
A great coat was left with me by the prisoner; he desired the coachman of the Bath Diligence to call for it, and delivered it to him.
Was that after he was taken up?
Yes.
What may these clothes be worth?
I do not apprehend they are so good now as they were when in Mr. Adams's possession.
What may they be worth now?
I suppose they are worth six or seven pounds.
I have nothing to say at all; I have no witnesses.
