I lost a silver watch with a steel chain and two stone seals with a key and a hook, last Thursday night; I am a corn chandler ; I went home with the prisoner; I am not married; I met the prisoner in Bell-alley, Golden-lane; she spoke to me first; I was quite sober, I had drank no liquor at all; I walked home with her; no person was in the room; I laid half a crown on the chair and the watch atop of it; she pretended to take it up to look what o'clock it was, and there was a person at the door, I immediately asked her for it; she said, she had given it to that person; then we went out together to go after that person whom she said, she had given it to, we walked to the public house and had a pint of beer; then I lost sight of her for about half an hour; there were two in Bell-alley and she spoke to them and told them she had taken my watch, they said, they could not say any thing about it; I saw her again, she came out of Bell-alley, and the officer came up before; I spoke to her; he asked what man had lost his watch, I said, I was the person, and I told him that was the girl, he immediately laid hold of her; the watch was in her pocket; it was taken out; she refused to be examined at first.
Had you given her any money before this?
No more than I agreed for, which was two shillings.
I am headborough of St. Luke's; the prosecutor lost a watch; I saw it taken out of her pocket; she refused to be examined; I never saw the prosecutor before that night; it was my watch night and two women came to the watch-house, and said, a man had been robbed of his watch, in consequence of which, I went and took the prisoner; and she had a watch in her right hand pocket. (Produced and deposed to.) I found her in Bell-alley, Golden-lane; I asked who was the person that lost their watch, the prosecutor said, I am; I said, where is the girl that robbed you; he said, here; I took her into custody, she confessed she had the watch; I asked the prosecutor if it was his, and he said, yes; I have had it ever since; there is the picture of a woman on the chain; I cannot say the maker's name, or the number, the seals are red.
What are the figures upon them?
I cannot tell, I should know them again.
My Lord, this gentleman went home with another girl, and going home, the man that this girl lived with knocked her down, and I did speak to the gentleman, and asked him to let me look what it was o'clock; and she tried to snatch the watch out of my hand and run away; and I asked the prosecutor to go and see after her, and in turning back I met the officer, and he stopped me, he asked me if I had the man's watch, and I said, I had, and I took it out of my pocket and gave it to the prosecutor.
Was you going home with another girl?
No, I was not, I am sure the prisoner was the girl.
