I live at No. 5, Margaret-street, Westminster. On Tuesday the glasses mentioned in the indictment were stolen out of my chaise which stood at the Red Lion, Marsh-gate , on the other side of Westminster-bridge.
I am a clothes-man. On this day fortnight I went to Hedge-lane with my clothes-bag over my shoulder about one or two o'clock; I went to a publick-house, and called for a pint of beer; the prisoner asked me if I would buy any glasses, for he had some that belonged to a carriage; I thought he was making game of me; I said I would buy them. I told him where I lived, and he came in the evening at nine o'cl ock with the carriage and the lady in it; I bought two hind glasses, and two fore glasses of him; he said the lady had made him a present of them, and the carriage too; I knew by his speech they were stolen.
Did he offer to sell you the carriage too?
No.
I keep the Red Lion at Lambeth-marsh. Mr. Vincent's carriage used to stand at my house. The prisoner drove it. On the 5th of this month the prisoner came, and said Mr. Vincent wanted the chaise to go to Hammersmith; he took the chaise out in the afternoon; about nine or ten o'clock in the evening, he sent it back again, by a man who cries clothes; the blinds were up, I did not see whether the glasses were in it or not, it was locked up, and the door was never opened afterwards, till I broke it open.
Were the glasses in when the carriage went away;
Yes; for they were all washed, and the carriage was cleaned the morning before.
On the 5th of this instant, at about nine or ten o'clock, Barnard Barnard came to the Office in Bow-street, and gave information that he had bought some chaise glasses, which he thought were stolen, and that he was to pay for them the next day at the Mitre in Chancery-lane; I went with him the next day to the Mitre; the prisoner was waiting at the door; I took him into custody.
It is well known here that this Barnard has been the means of taking many a man's life away; I am very innocent of the matter.
The prisoner has a very worthy father; who is a man of property; his father has given him a good education, but he was wild, and chose to be a post-chaise boy.
