I live in Drury-lane ; we are lodgers; on the 2d of April this house was robbed, between two and three in the afternoon; I went out at half past two, and returned by four; when I returned, I found the door had been broke open, and the things taken out, I left nobody in my apartment; the people were in the house; I examined the door when I returned; I locked the door when I went out, and tried it; the things I missed were in a box, in the room that was broke open; that is up one pair of stairs; the door up stairs was the only door I fastened; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment.
I produce this bundle; on the 2d day of April I saw the prisoner coming up Wild-street; I followed her, and apprehended her about twenty minutes after three; she had these things loose in her apron; I have had the things in my care ever since; I secured her directly.
This gown I know by a piece of callico behind.
What is the value of that?
Five shillings; here is a shirt; I know it; I put a collar to it.
What is the value of that?
Four Shillings.
I suppose you put the lowest value upon all the things?
Yes.
I only assisted to take her into custody.
The prisoner was taken by Beamish first; I took her again.
We took her, and discharged her over night; the property was not produced; we discharged her through humanity, she having a child.
I only took her into custody with Young.
You are sure all these things were in your box when you went out of your house?
Yes; that was about half past two; I do not know the prisoner.
On the 2d of March I was going up to Westminster, to pay a Mrs. Cordy eight shillings; I deal in Rag Fair, and I met a man I deal with, and bought those things of him; I gave him twenty-five shillings for them; I was going to the fair that very same day.
When you stopped her, she had a child with her?
No; she offered me a guinea, besides the property, to let her go; going along in a court by Parker's-lane, where she lives, she called out to some women, and they brought her the child into Parker's-lane, and she took it.
That man said if I would give him a guinea, he would let me go; I have sent for my witnesses to give me a character.
