I live in King-street, Covent-garden , I am a taylor ; on Thursday, the 3d of October, my man told me that my house was broke open; going into the warehouse where the goods are, I found that the street door had been opened in the night, and that three other doors had been broke open, and that I had lost a considerable number of goods. I missed a great number which I had seen the day before there under lock and key; several quantities of silks, of Manchester velvets, and some gold and silver stuffs for waistcoats; I do not recollect the livery cloth; the black striped velveret I saw the day before; the quantities are wrote down; my clerk has the care of the warehouse; the silk and embroidered straps I do not recollect; the brown sattinet I recollect, but not the quantity, I recollect seeing the buff the day before, the silk chain tabby I saw the day before, the black velveteen was an article that was in wrappers just sent from Manchester, the silk cord I saw the day before, the figured silk and cotton I do not recollect, the silk and silver stuffs I know very particularly, they were rolled up on boards, but I do not know the quantity; some corded silk I recollect the day before; the whole is found again, it will be produced in court; they had been trying at particular parts for the bolts by a little chissel, my door had a very strong double look, it was not bolted, because one of my principal men used to let himself in, that led up to the shop.
In what state was it when you saw it?
It appeared to have been broke open by a picklock-key found in the apartment of the prisoner; that was the front door, the other three doors were all burst open; one was a glass door, they had broke the glass, and burst the door, I know nothing of the prisoner.
The first article, livery red cloth, I do not know; the striped velveret I know exceeding well, there is no mark on it, we keep them under lock and key, and cut them off as we want them; the silk and silver embroidered straps, they are for officers, I know them very well to be my property; the silver figured lace, silk and gold striped lace, both these I know perfectly well; then there is some brown sattinet that I know; buff velveret, that I know very well; sixty-five yards and a half of black velveteen, I do not know them so well; eight yards of silk cord I know perfectly well, I saw it the day before; the figured silk and cotton I know very well; the corded tabbies I know.
What value in general might all these things be?
They are valued, my lord, in the bill of indictment at about 110 l. my clerk put a value upon them.
I know the livery red cloth, it belongs to Mr. Racquet, it was in the warehouse the night before the robbery; I remember the black velveteen, it was in the warehouse over night; I know nothing of the fastening the outer door over night.
I live with Mr. Racquett, I take care of the fastenings of the fore door every evening, it was fastened up the night before the robbery, I took particular notice of it; it was double locked, and I pushed against it to see if it was firm, and it was very fast; I fastened it about ten minutes past seven; it is the door that leads to the shop and the house both.
Was nobody out after that?
No person could come out that way after, I had the key in my possession all night; and I always used to go in of a morning at six.
Was Mr. Racquett out of town, or the family?
He lay in town that evening.
At his house?
Yes.
Did you let him in?
This is a back way that leads to the shop, there are other doors that lead to the house in King-street.
Did you fasten them?
No my Lord.
Who fastens them?
The servants.
Are any of them here?
None of them.
My Lord, this is a distinct house that joins the other by a wall at the bottom of a little garden, it is a distinct place where the business of the shop is carried on, and where the warehouse is, it is a small distance from the house that I live in.
But it belongs to the house, a part of the house and is a part of the dwelling house?
It is rather a dwelling house of itself.
Who lays in it?
Nobody sleeps in it.
Is it detached entirely from your house?
Yes my Lord, at a small distance, by a little garden that leads from one to the other.
But is it intirely detached?
Intirely.
Does it join to the wall of your house?
Yes, there is a wall on each side, I have a door from one house to the other, there is a door that leads into it both before and behind.
Is there a communication between your house and this dwelling house?
Yes, I go into a door and go along my own garden.
Then there is a door goes into the back part of this house?
It is all on the same premises.
You have a communication from your house going through your garden to this place?
Yes my Lord I have.
And you look upon it as the back part of your house?
Yes.
But where were these other doors that were broke open?
They were up one pair of stairs, two were up one pair of stairs, and the other is a large work-shop; one opens into a cutting room for a foreman, the other into this warehouse where these goods were.
Then the door that he locks double, does not that lead to the warehouse?
Yes it does.
What time did you get up in the morning?
At six o'clock, I lay out of the house in the same street, I found the door which I double locked the night before open; one of the men came to the door a few minutes before me, he thought I had opened it, he pushed it and it opened immediately.
When you observed it, could any body have got through that door unless it was opened by a key or picklock?
No my Lord, and in the lock I found a bit of a pick-lock key as I apprehend, (a bit of a pick-lock key shewn to the jury) and here is a key that was found, from which it was apprehended the bit was broke, (the key handed up.)
Did you try that key with the lock Mr. Wright?
I never had it in my possession; a person in court found it where the goods were, he brought the key and the piece has been tried to it; I know nothing more of the robbery than locking the door over night, and finding it unlocked the next morning.
I work for Mr. Racquett, I was the first that went to the door leading to the shop a few minutes after six, the door goes with a pully, I pushed it as usual, it let me in freely, I took no notice, I went up stairs.
Was you the first in the shop?
Yes Sir, I took no notice of any thing, I went up stairs, and set down to my work, till Mr. Wright came up and asked me if I did not perceive the door broke open, and the shop robbed; I said I did not, and immediately run down stairs, and examined the lock, and found the marks of some instrument, with which they had been attempting to break the door open in two places.
You say no other person was in the house?
I let in two or three with me; there were marks of violence on the door case on the outward door, where the first lock was picked: I did not see the bit found in the lock, I know nothing of the finding of the goods, I went into the warehouse, and saw it had been robbed.
I was coming up Drury-lane on Thursday morning about three o'clock; I saw three people pass me, the first I did not take particular notice of, they all had bundles; I turned my head round and saw all of them go into a house; it struck me that they had broke some house open, I stood at the door for a minute, and heard a bustling on the stairs, I went to the watchman and told him I believed the men had broke open some house; we listened, and heard a bustling, the watchman touched the door, and it opened, a woman came to the door, and asked to have her candle lighted, while the watchman was talking with the woman, I turned my head, and saw a man clambering over the church-yard gates, in Drury-lane, I saw him drop; the watchman rung his rattle, and the other watchman came, I told them one had escaped, they searched and found the prisoner, they hunted about the churchyard, in about fifteen or twenty minutes afterwards, another man was seen clambering over the gates, the man fell all along, the watchman was not quick enough, the second man made his escape, and the prisoner was found in the house.
What goods were found there?
When I was there, there was eleven or twelve pieces of silk, I saw them at the watch-house; I was not at the magistrate's, the first examination: I did not see them found; I am sure that is the man that was found, but I cannot swear that was the man that went into the house.
Did you take any notice of the men with the bundle?
I cannot say I did, they turned their faces from me.
You cannot tell whether the men that got away were the men that you saw with the bundles?
No, my Lord.
I am a watchman in Drury-lane, ; I was going down Drury-lane half past two, I saw three men walk down Drury-lane opposite to me on the other side, I saw these three men go into this house; Mr. Jones and the watchman called me, I went over; we heard a noise up stairs, I rapped with my staff, the door gave way, it was not locked or barred inside; there is a window that you might see into the burying-ground. I run out and rung my rattle, and went to the burying ground gate, I did not see the men get over; I came back again, and went up stairs into the dining-room, there was a little fire in the dining-room, and some knives and forks, and plates, and a glass of beer, about half full. I followed a foot up stairs into the front garret, there I found a young woman in this garret, set down on the side of the bed, I gave her in charge. Then I came to the two pair of stairs back room, and there was a bed; the door was fast, I burst it open, and there was fifteen pieces of silk, and two pieces of velvet; I carried them to St. Martin's watch-house. The time I was up stairs, the prisoner at the bar was not taken, I do not know where he was taken: I did not see any of the men escape.
I am a watchman; about half past two, as I was crying the hour in Drury-lane, three men passed me, two of them seemed to be very merry talking to the third, who was a little behind, I did not take any great particular notice of them, I said you are very merry gentlemen, I wish you would give me some cloaths, you have more than I have, you seem to have cloth enough; the prisoner at the bar had a great load on his left arm, part of it hanging over his left arm, which caused his head to turn full in my face; they made me no answer.
Did you take such particular notice of the prisoner as to know him again?
Yes, my Lord, he could but just pass me: I took particular notice of him, as he was obliged to turn his face quite close to me; he was near to the house, and the other men walked near to the street; I had no thoughts of any thievery. I thought presently there must be something wrong, and I turned round and followed them to the burying-ground.
Are you sure that the prisoner is that man?
The prisoner is the man that went by with the bundle, but where he went I do not know, because I went one way and they the other, then I turned back, and thought I was wrong that I did not stop them; I went as far as the burying-ground, I thought nothing further of it. I stopt about a minute, somebody called me, it was Mr. Jones, who told me three men were gone along with bales of cloth, and they ought to be apprehended; I said they had just passed me; the other watchman he hits at the door, and we went in; I went into the house with Macmanus. In the first pair of stairs, the sash was thrown open, and somebody had made their escape; somebody was on the stairs, but in the dark we could not see who they were; the stairs is in the middle of the passage; they went up stairs, I cannot say how many there were. We came back again, and rung a rattle for assistance; I found nobody as far as I went. When we went up the stairs the second time, we found a woman in the top garret, finding the back door fast, I said here is a door fast, somebody made answer, but who it was, I cannot say, You must not break it open without a constable. Upon the leads of the privy there were two bags found. (Produced.) Then I came into the burying-ground, I did not stay the breaking open of that door, one watchman had lost the light out of his lanthorn; he picked up two bags on the leads of the privy belonging to the house, they are here, I can swear to the bags; the man that picked them up is not here, he went over a party-wall, and another man with him, who stooped down off the privy, and said, here is one, which was the prisoner Davis, he was in the privy; and as soon as he was apprehended he jump'd over a wall nearly seven foot high, or between six and seven foot; he put his hands at top, and reached up, and went over it; there they seized him, Richardson seized him; I staid to secure him.
I am a patroll belonging to St. Giles's the winter half year: I was standing in Drury-lane, between two and three, I heard the alarm of a rattle, I ran down as fast I could; my partner pulled off his coat, and took his cutlass, and got over into the burying-ground; I pulled the privy door to me, and this man was standing as upright as possible, that is the prisoner at the bar, he made some expression to me, and damned me, what did I want, and that it was very hard he could not to go to ease himself; he jumped out, and went over the the wall; I took him to the watch-house.
Then he jumped over to you?
Yes, I am sure it was the prisoner at the bar, it was the yard of the house adjoining, not the yard belonging to the house.
I am constable of the night of Covent-Garden parish, I heard there had been some Woollen Draper's, or Taylor's, broke open, and that a man and woman were carried to St. Martin's round-house, from a butcher's shop, the man's name is Lock that keeps the house; I immediately went in and found the landlord there, and I told him that as the two parties were taken from his house, and taken to the watch-house, I must search his house; I searched every room: in the dining-room where the greatest part of this property was found, which I did not perceive at first, there was some black cloth, a coat, a waistcoat, and three pair of silk breeches laid over it; I concluded somebody had undressed them and laid these cloaths down. I asked Mr. Lock, the landlord, who lodged there? and he said, Miss Pritchard; there I found this suit of new mourning, three pair of silk breeches, five of these pieces of silk.
My Lord, these cloaths were made for a particular nobleman; and when we came before Sir Sampson Wright, he very candidly gave them up to me, and I sent them home, they are my property.
What did you find?
There was five pieces of silk of different colours, three rolls of fustian, a large piece of livery cloth, and five other pieces of silk, and the buff velvet, and the corded velvet, the yellow epaulet, a piece of embroidered lace, a narrow piece of embroidered silk and gold; I asked the butcher if he claimed, or knew any thing of these; he said he had nothing to do with the apartments, he let them to Miss Pritchard.
On the morning the thieves were taken, I went to search the lodgings, and in a dark closet, in the same room where the property was found, I found these two crows, and a centre bit. (Produced.)
I am quite innocent. I did not know my trial would come on so soon.
