I am clerk to Mr. Scott and company.
What partners has he?
Three more, Richard Harris , William Prescott and Mathew Howard , Mr. Scott's name is John; on the 18th of January, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was writing in the compting-house, I heard something in the forepart of the warehouse, I looked through the railing, and saw the prisoner going out with a truss upon his shoulder; I pursued him immediately and caught him with it about two yards from the door, in the street, up on his shoulder; I stopt him; I asked him where he was going with that, he says, is it a mistake? I said, I fancy you know that; I told him he had stole it; he walked back again, and threw it down at the warehouse door; I got him then into the warehouse, and sent for Mr. Scott, and got a constable; he made no resistance at all while I had the care of him; Mr. Scott came when I went for a constable.
How is this warehouse situated?
The street door was open, the warehouse in a part of the house, the dining room is over it; it is the dwelling house of John Scott ; the partnership business is carried on there; the truss contains two dozen of handkerchiefs, and two pieces of three quarters dowlas, and a piece of cotton and linen; I had sold the goods the day before myself; they were going to Horsham.
That truss you saw him carry out, was it the truss that had been in your warehouse?
Yes.
Not one that he had brought in with him?
No.
I am a constable; I was sent for; I took him in Mr. Scott's warehouse; as I was going with him to the compter he drew a knife, and cut my fingers across; he got away; I cried stop thief, and he was taken again.
What was the value?
The value of them, my Lord, is about 7 l.
The 18th of January I was going down Aldermanbury, coming past this gentleman's house, a man was standing at the door, who asked me if I would carry this truss; I was out of place, and willing to carry is; I had not got it upon my shoulders two minutes before I was taken by this gentleman; he asked me where I was going with it, I told him to Blossom's Inn, that the man was gone there that desired me to carry it.
You saw him go out of
the warehouse?
I saw him go out; I did not see him come in.
