I went out about three to a funeral, I left my wife at home, she was going out; I came home about ten, and the next morning I found my shop had been robbed, the lock leading from the stairs to the shop appeared to be picked; I missed out of my shop the things mentioned in the indictment, some of the things were found again, here is what I found, here are gentlemen that found them, I found these things in St. Martin's-lane; I had three tickets from the prisoner, she gave them to me, she went down stairs for them, there were a great many more that were found under my stair head in the kitchen, but that ticket was delivered to me; I spoke to her in the shop, and said, you have more tickets about you, be so kind as to let me have them, she said, it was not her that took them, she had a confederate, whose name was Harry Coffee , and if I would give her a little indulgence she would find him, she then said, she would soon shew me where she had pawned these things.
Did you make her any promises, if she would confess the truth?
I told her so far, that if she would find out this man, I would give her a little indulgence.
When you made it up with me, you told me you would not hurt me.
Did you before she produced the tickets, promise her forgiveness?
I did not, that was not till the tickets were brought.
I am a pawnbroker, here are four yards of velveret, Mr. Kenny calls honey-comb cotton, I call it corderoy, and Mr. Kenny has called it so in the indictment; the prisoner pledged it with me on the 3d of March, I did not know her before, I am sure it was the prisoner, I am sure it is the same, she pledged it with me, I put a ticket on it directly. (The corderoy deposed to.) This mark was found under her bed, which was taken from my shop the prisoner went with me, and I will swear to this mark, that is 159, this is the hair shag, she went for these things.
I produce two waistcoats, I cannot swear to the person that brought them.
I have some shag, I cannot tell who pawned it.
I have two waistcoat patterns, I had them of the prisoner, I am sure of that, it was the 28th of February.
I cannot depose to these, but I believe them to be mine, there are the same cut and sort that I lost.
In what name was the first piece pawned by the prisoner?
In the name of Sally Pearce .
She pawned the waistcoats in the name of Nancy Murphy .
Here is some more corderoy, I believe it was the prisoner, it was in the name of Margaret Carn .
I took lodgings in the prosecutor's house at six shillings a week, and a man came to me and gave me these things to pawn, I did not know they were Mr. Kenny's, I came down to pay my rent, and the ticket fell from my pocket, and Mrs. Kenny picked it up, she came to my room, and asked me if I had not pawned some of that pattern, I told her I did, and more, and if the things belonged to her I was willing to give her the duplicates, accordingly the boy went with me, I had fourteen shillings and sixpence in my pocket, I redeemed those things upon promise that they would not hurt me, I had them from a young man in the street.
Who is that young man?
His name he told me was George Coffee .
Was not he an acquaintance?
A very slight acquaintance.
Do you know what is become of him?
I do not know indeed.
Have you any witnesses?
Yes.
What may the value of these things be?
I suppose about six or seven pounds.
