I am a journeyman to Mr. Henry Thwaites , a linen-draper . The prisoner came into the shop and asked to see some clear lawn. I said I would fetch her some. I had another customer I was at the same time serving with some muslin. She said if I did not serve her immediately she would go to another shop.
Is this shop the place where your goods were usually kept?
It was our shop. I immediately took the other customer's money, and fetched the lawns to show the prisoner; I did not fetch them from above two or three yards distance. While I was gone. I saw her catch at a muslin wrapper, which had some muslin in it which I had shown to the other customer and had not wrapped up; the prisoner saw that I observed her and she did not attempt any thing more at the muslin. I brought several pieces of lawn, and shewed her. She looked at several. She asked me the price of one. I told her two shillings and two-pence. She said she would give two shillings. I asked her how much she would have of it? She said half a quarter. I cut her off that; while I was cutting it off I perceived she had something under her cloak. I did not see her take it. I took threepence of her; I gave it my master. I jumped over the counter. She had then got into the court. I cried out, What have you got? She turned round and dropped from under her cloak upon the ground this piece of lawn (producing it) It is my master's property; it has his private mark on it.
What did she say?
She told my master when I took her into the shop, I was a very wicked man for accusing her with it; that I must have brought it out after her and dropped it.
Was that one of the pieces you shewed her?
It was.
What is the value of this piece?
It is valued at ten shillings; it cost Mr. Thwaites fifteen shillings.
Was the place dirty or clean where she dropped it?
It was a wet day and the piece has some dirt upon it.
I went to buy a bit of lawn; I bought it and paid for it. I was coming out of the shop; this man followed me. There were a dozen in the shop at the same time; there was a woman came out when I did. The man brought me back and accused me with having something belonging to the shop. His master asked if I had got any thing? He said he believed it was me. He asked me whether the woman at the door belonged to me? I said no, I knew nothing of her. Then the mistress asked me what family I had, and what I was? I told her. She said if I would tell her she would forgive me. I said I know nothing about it; I am a married woman and have two children, and am now big with child. I have been married twenty-two years and have three children.
I saw the corner of something white under her cloak while she was at the counter; I thought it was lawn, but did but just see the corner, so I could not be certain what it was.
What number of people might there be in your shop at the time?
Eight, ten, or a dozen.
Had you no other people who saw the transaction besides yourself?
Yes, but Mr. Thwaites is so much hurried with business that he could not well spare time to come.
Did you see her drop it, or did you only find it after she dropped it?
I catched hold round her, and saw her drop it while she was in my arms.
My husband is a printer; I am turned of thirty.
How could she take this piece without your seeing her as you suspected her?
I served two or three people at the same time.
