On the 3d day of June I sent Edward King out with a basket of candles, and on these candles and the basket, I put fifteen shillings worth of halfpence; part of the package is in the handkerchief now.
How old are you?
Going on fourteen.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
Yes, Sir.
What will be the consequence if you swear falsly?
I shall go to hell.
Do you know you shall be punished too for perjury by the law?
Yes. My master sent me out about five in the afternoon, and I saw the halfpence put in the basket; I was to carry them to Wild-street, Lincoln-inn-fields; I was going along, and I got into Broker's-row, and the prisoner and another man were sitting in two chairs; I was tired, and I asked the prisoner and the other man to help me down with the basket which they did, and they were saying, what a heavy load it was for me, that my master ought to be ashamed, there was above an hundred weight; and they asked Mr. Child to feel if it was not very heavy, and he said, it was not above two quarters, it was not too much for me; says one of the men, where do you live? I said, just by Tottenham-court-road, and the prisoner said, he lived next door to my master, and it was a very great load, and they came down behind me and before, and they followed me down some street, and they wanted me to go to some court and pitch my basket, I said, no, I am almost at the place; then somebody called after me stop, I put down my basket, and I found seven shillings and sixpence in half-pence were gone, and the man that run away he chucked down one of the bundles of halfpence at me; that was in Wild-street I heard the cry of stop thief; the other man had got the halfpence.
What was the reason that the prisoner did not run away?
He walked straight along.
Did not he reel?
No, I did not see him in liquor; I went before the magistrate, and a watch was found upon him.
The prisoner and another man which he was in company with sat at my door, the boy came past, and they both attempted to take some halfpence out of his basket, but I did not see them take any.
How did they attempt?
By reaching over his head; I did not see the prisoner take any at all; I saw him reach over the basket several times; when the other man flung down the halfpence, I secured the prisoner; the other man had all the half-pence that were in the basket.
Did you attend before the magistrate?
Yes.
This man was rather abusive to you?
Yes, I had desired him to go about his business.
Was this man terrible drunk at the time?
He might be a little in liquor , but I could not perceive much of it; he did not make any motion to run away.
Have not you at any time said this, that if the man had not been extremely abusive to you, you would never have thought of carrying him before a magistrate?
I have not; I said before the magistrate, that both the men attempted the basket.
Was not the prisoner bailed?
Yes, at the second examination, by consent of Mr. Wyatt.
I have nothing more to say, than that I was coming down Castle-street, and sat down at a public house door, as I thought it was, who I had with me I do not know, nor who talked with me; and after I had walked some way, they halloed out stop him; I will not say that I did not give him abusive language; I was carried before a magistrate.
I am a sawyer; I live at No. 12, Peter-street; I was in company with the prisoner in Bridewell-lane, at one Mr. Smith's, he keeps a public house; there I continued with him from about a quarter after one, till pretty near half past three; he was in liquor when he came, and more so when he parted, because we had eight or nine pots together; it is a rule when for us to drink when we meet, he was drunk, and when I left him, I took him to another house, and gave him part of a quartern of gin, there he was learning over a post, I really thought he would not be able to get home, had not it been Saturday, I would have thought it my duty as a friend to see him safe home; I have worked with him two years for the same master; I have known him ten years, I never know any other character of him than a hard working honest man, and in our trade as sober a man as any in the trade; he has never been an idle man.
On a holiday he happened to get tipsy?
Certainly Sir, it is a rule with us to treat one another.
Child brought the prisoner to Bow-street; I took him in custody; he was so much in liquor that I persuaded him to drink no more; I searched him and found nothing about him but a watch without a case, and a duplicate for half a crown on the case; I was not present when he was taken: he was admitted to bail at Bow-street.
How long have you known the young man at the bar?
He has worked for me four years.
What is his character?
He always appeared to us a very honest man.
Has he been an industrious man?
As much as the general run of the sawyers are.
As much as his companions are?
Full as much, the business of a sawyer is very laborious; they most of them drink a great deal, they cannot support themselves rightly without it, I believe they make a practice of getting drunk.
If he were acquitted on this charge have you such an opinion of him as to take him again?
I have kept him all along, and shall do so if he is acquitted.
He worked with me and my partner, he is an honest industrious man, as most of the sawyers are, I believe him to be an honest man, I have proved him as such several times, I have taken an account of his work, and in summing up the work we make use of a many figures; I found him a very honest man, I would sooner employ him than any man in the trade.
