On the 13th of this month we cleared a great quantity of tea, between thirty and forty chests, part of which our people were emptying and stocking, at a house in Cheapside, opposite Wood-street , in my shop, which is in a house of Mr. Payne's; the tea came home that day about three or four o'clock in the afternoon; and they were employed in weighing it in bags of a quarter of a hundred each; about half past eight I desired them to be particularly careful, that nobody took any of the quarter of hundreds. I went out that evening about half past eight, this was on the Friday. When I came to town on the Saturday morning between eight and nine, I was informed there was a man in custody.
You do not live there?
Yes, I live there, I have the shop and the warehouse, that if I chuse to sleep there I can. Mr. Payne pays the taxes; and I rent a part of it for the accommodation of the shop, for myself and servants.
Mr. Payne is not at all connected with you in business?
Not at all.
Does Mr. Payne lay there at all himself?
Yes, I am accommodated with the whole house if I want it, I have a house in Bishopsgate-street; it was only taken on account of the extension of business.
I was coming along Cheapside, on Friday the 13th of April, about half past eight, or rather more, between that and nine, I stopped by chance to look in at Mr. Eagleton's window; and a man came to me with a bag across his shoulders, and said to me, that teas are much cheaper than they were, he was in the street, I did not take notice of him before; I looked at him very hard; and he said, do you think you should know us again? I looked round towards the door of the shop; and I saw the prisoner standing at the door; and a man a little further on with a knot across his shoulders, then I watched them; and I crossed the way, and went a little way further down towards Bow-church on the other side of the way, then I turned again, and came almost opposite the shop, when I got almost opposite the shop, I saw the prisoner coming out with a parcel of tea, he came to a man about three yards from the door, who had a knot, I suppose him to be the same man I saw before with the knot, he returned into the shop, and came out again with another parcel, when he was coming out, there was a man and a woman selling nuts and oranges, I spoke to the man and told him; by that time they were both turned down Pread street, and were gone, the man that was selling nuts blamed me for not speaking sooner; however, in two or three or four minutes they all three came again, the prisoner walked backwards and forwards several times, at last they all three came across the way, the prisoner I believe bought a half penny worth of nuts, the other bought an orange, the man I spoke to fixed himself up against one of the houses, then they all three went over directly; and they all walked backwards and forwards two or three times; and the prisoner went into the shop again, and brought out another bag, then the man that sold the nuts and me both took hold of him, a mob got round us, we never quitted him, we seized him while he had the bag in his hand, we brought him into the shop, the bag was put into the constable's hands, the bag that was delivered to the constable was the same I took from the prisoner.
I am constable. I have had it in my possession ever since, it is the same bag.
I was sitting along with my wife at a stall opposite Mr. Eagleton's, and the witness came across the way, and told me; I saw the prisoner coming out of the shop door, with a bag, and I run across the way and laid hold of him by the collar, before he got to the corner of Bread-street.
Did you see him go out of the shop?
I did.
I am shopman to Mr. Eagleton, on the 13th of this month I was very busy tying up quarters of hundreds bags, I was informed a man had come in and taken one of the parcels, I instantly went out and found the prisoner in custody, he was brought into the shop with one of the bags, it was one of those that I tied up, there is my own mark on it, we mark every bag that we tie up with the quantity, this was tied up before it was taken.
There was no mark upon it but what was put on afterwards.
Have you any partners in this business?
No.
Do you carry on this shop on your own account?
Yes.
Nobody is concerned at all with you in this shop?
No, I am the only person that have any thing to do with the profit and loss.
Has this dwelling house any communication with your warehouse?
Yes, they go through the shop, there is a side passage, only inside shutters makes the passage.
What is the tea worth?
Four pounds.
Is the prisoner an entire stranger to you?
Yes.
Not a person employed in the shop?
No.
