I lost my watch on the 30th of January, 1780. It was a gold one jewelled; it had to it a gold chain; a seal set in gold; a gold key, and a gold trinket. I was coming from a friend's house at Woodford Wells in Essex, in a post chaise; before I set out it was intimated to me that a number of robberies had been committed on the road a night or two before; therefore when I got into the chaise I hung my watch up by the hook on the lining of the chaise behind me, in order to secure it. I set off about nine o'clock, we came to town over Lea-bridge, through Hackney, and came into town at Shorditch. The chaise broke down in Bishopsgate-street, I suppose then it was near eleven o'clock. There was a gentleman in the chaise with me who is in the West-India trade; he is not here. We got out of the chaise in a hurry and took a Hackney coach to my sister's in Dyers-buildings, Holbourn, where I then resided. As I was going to bed I recollected I had left my watch in the chaise; I was satisfied it was safe as it was at the One Swan, Bishopsgate-street, where I have hired chaises for years. In the morning I went to the counting-house of Mr. Belvedore, in Bishopsgate-street, and sent my servant to enquire after the watch; he came back and said they could not find it. I then went myself, and I then understood that the post boy and the horses I went out of town with and brought me back did not belong to the inn, but were hired. I requested Mr. Sexton, the master of the inn to send for the boy; the prisoner went for him, as I understood; the prisoner was clerk to Mr. Sexton, the master of the One Swan; the post boy came, I threatened to have him taken up; supposing he must have my watch. Mr. Sexton, the post boy, and the prisoner, were in the counting-house when I challenged him with having my watch. He said he had not seen it; that he drove into the yard, took the horses out, and went home with them, as soon as he had told some of the people that there was a glass of the chaise broke, and bid them go down the yard to see that it was broke. I advertised the watch for three months at ten guineas reward, but never heard of it till about the 16th or 20th of December; then a person was taken up on offering it to pawn in the Strand; that was on a Saturday. I was desired to attend at the office in Bow-street on the Tuesday; I went and found the watch in the possession of the pawnbroker, and the chain in the possession of one of the men who attends the office.
I am a pawnbroker. On Saturday, I believe it was the 16th of December, the prisoner brought a gold watch to me to pledge; I thought the watch too good for him to wear and stopped him; he said it was his own, and that his name was John Bell .
Had the watch any particular mark?
It was a stop watch made by a friend, John Lee , in the year, 1779; I wished to have a mark to know it by, and desired him to put as the number 779.
At the office he acknowledged what his true name was?
Yes; and said the watch belonged to Mr. Rogers. I think however he gave such an account of it that they found Mr. Rogers.
How did he say he came by it?
He did not give any account how he came by it.
You are sure the prisoner was at the inn when you enquired about the watch?
Yes; he went for the boy and came with him, and he knew the business he was sent for.
On the 16th of December in the evening the prisoner was brought to the office and searched; he told us the watch was Mr. Rogers's; that the chain was concealed in the hay loft at the One Swan, but that nobody could find it without him. I went to Mr. Rogers to let him know the watch was found, and the next morning went with the prisoner in a coach. He took the chain out of his master's hay loft and gave it me; he said some time afterwards that he found the watch in the chaise.
At the time I found it, I did not know whose property it was.
