I am a tide-waiter belonging to the custom-house.
Are you a married or a single man?
A married man.
Was you in company with Elizabeth Williams on the 24th of January last?
Yes.
Where did you fall into her company?
Between Long-acre and the north part of Drury-lane, at about seven o'clock at night; I was going home, she asked me to go along with her.
You complied did you?
I was unwilling at first, but at last I went along with her to her lodgings as she called it in King-street, the end of it went down towards Bloomsbury; it was the end of Drury-lane, near Holbourn.
After you came there how long did you stay with her?
About five or six minutes.
What happened?
Nothing till that time was over about five minutes, she then picked my pocket of my money.
Did you feel her take it from you?
Yes; she got the purse in her right hand and the money in her left. I saw her give the money to another girl; there was a candle in the room and I saw it.
How much money was in your purse?
Six guineas and a half.
How came the other girl into the room?
She was in the other room; she lived just by; I seised this girl (the prisoner) immediately, and held her fast by the wrist; she called me bouger and said she would send for her husband, and she said she would stab me; she went and clapped her hand to a drawer for a knife; the other girl bid her send for her husband.
Did you hold her fast?
She shut the door against me and I let her go, but I forced the door open again, and insisted upon securing her; then she took up a poker; I got it from her; then there was another came to her assistance; then I could not keep her. I went down stairs to fetch a constable, no body would come; there were some decent people lived over the way, they said they were afraid they should be knocked on the head if they gave me any assistance. I went to the Rotation-office and got John Godfrey to assist me and we took the prisoner.
Are you sure the prisoner is the person?
I am very clear of it, I was very sober.
I am an headborough. Emms came to me the night he was robbed and said he had been robbed of six guineas and a half, by a short girl, describing the prisoner.
What time of the night did he come to you?
About eight o'clock.
Did he tell the story as he had done now?
Yes he did; I went and searched for the girl that night at the lodgings he described, but could not find her. Two days after I was in Earl-street, near Monmouth-street, and saw the prisoner coming along with a new red cloak on. I knew her before by the description; I said you are the very girl I want; I stopped her and took her to the Rotation-office in Litchfield-street. I fetched Emms and he swore positively to her person.
Did you find any money upon her?
Nothing but a few halfpence. She said she would give me a guinea to let her go.
It is hard to suffer for a thing I know nothing about. I am going of fourteen years of age.
