About one in the morning, going through Rider's-court, Leicester-fields , three men passed me in the angular corner of the court; on a sudden, they turned round and surrounded me; one of them clapped a a pistol to my head, and demanded my money or my life; I desired them not to use me ill, and they should have it, upon which one of them said, d - n your eyes, you dog, hold your tongue, if you say a word, I will blow your brains out; I gave them two half crown pieces, and two shillings; the prisoner demanded my watch, I told him I had none; he searched for it, and I had none; the prisoner said, d - n his eyes he has more money, upon which I took the remainder of my money out of my pocket, which was a guinea, and three shillings, and they took it from me; the prisoner said, d - n his eyes frisk him; they then asked what I had in my coat pocket, I told them nothing; they told me to go about my business; I was going as they desired; they said d - n you, you shall not go that way, go the other; I went as they desired, and was turning round to see if they were gone, and I saw the third person standing behind me, he followed me up the court after I turned about to see if they were gone; and he said, d - n you, you dog, run, sherry, or I will blow your brains out; I was going from Drury-lane, to my home, between the top of Princes-street, and Rathbone-place, Oxford-road; I had been spending my evening in Drury-lane.
This was one o'clock in the morning in a narrow passage?
Yes.
Was it light enough for you to see, and distinguish faces in that passage?
I believe my Lord, as near as I can remember, the moon was at the full, it was as light as day, it was perfectly light.
Could you see perfectly?
Yes.
Did you know the prisoner before?
Not to my knowledge.
How long was it they were robbing you?
About two minutes, as nigh as I can tell.
Which was it that produced the pistol?
The prisoner stood in front with the pistol; he was sometimes on my right hand, and sometimes in front.
Who was it that said to you, d - n your eyes, hold your tongue, was it the prisoner?
This man did not swear at me, he only told me to hold my tongue; the man that swore at me, his name is Brown, he was tried here last sessions.
When did you see any of these people again?
Brown was the man that clapped the pistol to my head.
Who was the third man?
He was taken and admitted an evidence of the crown.
What was his name?
His name is Couzens.
Could you pretend to say from just seeing that man for two minutes with a pistol in his hand, and he and others threatening you with destruction at the time, in a narrow alley, by the light of the moon, can you take upon you to swear to that man's face?
I am positive sure to the man's face; I looked him directly in the face; I could distinguish the colour of a blue coat from a green coat; I had my senses so much about me, and it was so perfectly light.
Was not you frightened?
I was a little frightened.
What did you do in consequence of this robbery?
I immediately after they robbed me, alarmed the watchman; I went to Bow-street, and asked after the people, and gave a description of the men at the Brown Bear.
When did you see the prisoner?
I believe it was last Saturday week in the morning.
Where did you then see him?
At Justice Hyde's.
I suppose he was taken up upon the information that you and Couzens had given?
I believe he was.
Couzens was in custody then?
Yes.
Do you know which of the three it was that clapped a pistol to your head, and that said they would have your money or your life?
That was Brown that was tried last session.
Then Brown and the person whom you take to be the prisoner, had both pistols?
Yes.
What dress had the prisoner on?
A brown coat on.
Had he any surtoot coat on?
No, the third man, that is Couzens, he had a light coloured great coat on.
When you went to Justice Hyde's, did you see this man among a number of people, or was he pointed out?
He was brought to the bar, and I was asked if I knew him.
Do you now upon your oath say that he is the man?
Yes, I knew the man again.
Last session, the gentleman had one man cast for the sake of the reward, and the man that is the evidence now, he knows very well within his own breast, that I am not the person that was concerned in the robbery, and that gentleman has perjured himself in swearing to me.
On November 9th, me and the prisoner Crawley and James Brown stood at the corner of Ryder's-court, and Brown saw a gentleman coming down Newport-street; he stood at the corner, and he said here comes a swell, as soon as he came a little nearer the court, we walked down the court, and as we walked down, Brown turned his head round, and he d - ned his eyes, here he comes, says he, we will have him at this nook; when we got down as low as the nook, we all made a pretence to walk back again up the court; Brown, all of a sudden turns round, and catched hold of Mr. Williamson, and he says d - n your eyes, your money or your life; Mr. Williamson says, gentlemen, do not use me ill, and I will give you all I have, upon which he put his hand in his pocket, and gave him some silver; the prisoner Crawley makes him for answer, d - n you, where is your watch? Mr. Williamson said, he had none; says the prisoner Crawley, d - n his eyes frisk him, he has more money.
What did he mean by frisking him?
I believe the meaning is searching him; with that James Brown was going to put his hand in his pocket; Williamson makes him for answer, stop, says he, I will give you all I have got; with that he put his hand in his pocket, and gave him a guinea and some more silver; then we told him to go about his business; he was going down the court, and we stopped him going that way; we would not let him; we bid him go down that way; we all three said he should not go that way.
Why did you say so?
I do not know what was the reason for preventing him; I told him he should not go that way, because they said so; I had no reason.
Then it was mere wantonness?
That was all; I believe I followed with a pistol in my hand, and told him to go along, or I would blow his brains out.
How long after was it before you was taken up?
I was taken in a quarter of an hour after, by Torrington and M'Kenzie, two patrols, they stopped me, and let the other two pass.
Where were you carried?
I was carried to St. Martin's watch-house.
How came they to let the other two pass, do you know?
I do not know; the patrols were up a court; the other two men were twenty yards before me; and the patrol came out of the court just as I came past; I was carried that morning before Justice Hyde; I never saw the other men but three days before we went out together that night.
The prosecutor said, I made use of no oaths to him; that man said just now, that I d - nd his eyes, and said, frisk him.
I took the prisoner at the Plough in Newport-street; he had this stick with him. (Produces a stick loaded with lead.) I was in company with Mumford.
I took this knife out of his pocket.
I have sent a letter into Hertfordshire for two men that were my witnesses; they kept a butcher's shop in Marybone-lane; they know, that on the 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, and 11th I was ill at home, and could not go out; I put my trial off on that account; I had no answer; I have no witnesses here at all; I am not the person that the man says; I was never in his company but once in all my life, and that was but one hour; he called upon a young man that was a sailor, an acquaintance of mine; the young man called me by my name; I never saw him since, till I saw him at the Justice's; he has done it on purpose to save his own life.
What business do you follow?
Coach painting .
