I am the wife of Henry Smith . My husband is a coal-heaver on board a ship . The necklace was mine, I lost it on the 17th of January, which was the same day I bought it; I bought it of a silversmith, one Levi, a Jew, opposite Denmark-street, Radcliff-highway.
Did you buy the stay-hook at the same time?
Yes. I gave three guineas for the necklace, and three shillings and sixpence for the stay-hook. I went into a house in Rosemary-lane, as I went home, where the prisoner was; it is a private house; the woman of the house was an acquaintance of mine. There was a cat in the house; I asked her if she could spare her for me; she said yes, if I would give something for her; I gave her a shilling. She bid me tie it up in a handkerchief. She asked me where I had been; I said to buy some gold beads.
You took them out I suppose to shew her your bargain?
Yes. The prisoner took them and tried them on her neck, and said she liked them very well. I took them and put them in my pocket again. They were wrapped up in a piece of brown paper, and the stay-hook with them. I tied the cat up in the handkerchief, and the prisoner carried her home for me. When I came home she let the cat out on the floor. It being two o'clock I asked her to eat some thing; she consented, and went up stairs. I keep a lodging-house myself. When she came down she sat down by me, and thanked me for her dinner. She whispered to me, and I felt her hand by my side about my pocket, but I did not suspect any thing.
Did she see which pocket you put them in?
Yes. She went out directly. When she had been gone about an hour I felt in my pocket, and missed the necklace and stay-hook. I sent after her to the woman's house where I had seen her, but could not hear of her. I was so ill I could not go myself. On the 20th the woman of the house where I was came to me and said. -
You must not say what she said. Did you find your necklace again?
Yes, at a pawnbroker's.
Did you see any thing of the prisoner afterwards?
Not till she was taken up.
Was you present when she was examined?
Yes. She said she did not take if out of my pocket, but she picked it off the floor.
Whether she ever saw me before she saw me at the house where she got the cat?
No, I did not.
Whether she did not tell her men lodgers (there were about fourteen in the house) whether she did not tell me to tell the people, if they asked me how long she had known me, that she had known me seven years. She said the reason she would tell them so was, as I was a likely young woman, and some of her lodgers had a good deal of money, they might make me a present of something?
I did not.
I am servant to a pawnbroker. On the 19th of January I believe, about nine or ten in the morning. The prisoner offered to pawn a necklace with me; it was on an execution day. She said she wanted the money to spend at the execution, and that it was her own. I had known her four or five months. She was a customer to the shop. I looked upon her to be a girl of the town. They are the sort of women who wear these necklaces. I lent her a guinea upon it.
What name did she pawn it in?
Elisabeth Plunket .
What may the necklace be worth?
I bought the necklace of the prisoner in the afternoon of the same day for one pound six shillings, that was the weight of the gold.
Was you present at her examination?
Yes. She said then she found it in Mrs. Smith's house.
Was there any promise or threat made use of to induce her to confess?
None that I know of. I had sold the necklace before I knew any thing of it. I bought it on the Wednesday, and sold it on the Friday morning.
What did you sell it for?
One pound eight shillings, to a Jew dealer who comes about to buy these things.
Whether you ever knew any thing dishonest of me in your life?
No; never.
I am a headborough. I took up the prisoner, and told her she had made a foolish step, for we had found out where she had sold the stay-hook. She said she sold it for a shilling and a quartern of gin at the Black-Horse. She said she found them beside Mrs. Smith, in her house.
When I had been up stairs and had some dinner, I came down; Mrs. Smith was in the back parlour with about eighteen or nineteen outlandish men. One of them got up. She said if I had a mind to sleep in her house I might. I went out, and one of the men followed me, and put the necklace and stay-hook into my hand. I said what was that for? He said to lie with me. I said, I did not choose it. Her maid is witness to it.
