On Wednesday, the 19th of December, we sent our cart, loaded with different kinds of grocery goods and teas, for the country orders, to be delivered as different Inns; on the carman's return, about eight in the evening, he told me his cart had been robbed, that Mr. Wilson and he had taken the thief, with the tea upon him; it is my property.
I am a grocer, in Golden-lane , and in the evening, some tea was brought to me by Mr. Frampton's cart; while the carman was delivering goods to me, I observed some men pass and repass the cart, which gave me a suspicion of them; I said to the carman, David, take care of your cart, I think them men want to rob it; he delivered his goods in, and turned his horses heads round, to go off, stopped his horses at the door, and came back to look at his memorandum book, to see where he was to deliver goods next; I observed a chest of tea laid upon the copse of the cart, on that side next our house, the horses heads were up the street, it was upon the right hand side of the horse when the cart turned the other side; I went out of the shop while he was looking at his book, I found a man up upon the cart with the chest of tea in his arms; I laid hold of the skirt of his coat, he fell off the cart with the chest of tea, in the street; I called the carman round, and held the man fast; the carman struck him several times with his whip; I bid him desist, I would secure him, I kept him in hold, and never let him go out of my hands, till I gave him to the officer, it was the prisoner at the bar, the chest of tea was in his arms.
I was going by, I don't know who laid hold of me, I turned my head round, somebody was pulling me, I took it to be the man that chucked my hat into the cart; I never had the property in my hands, I was going home, down Golden-lane.
I am a carman, Mr. Wilson called me out, I saw the chest down in the kennel, I saw the prisoner tumble down, together with the chest.
Is that Mr. Frampton, Thompson, and Hustler's property?
Yes; it is the same that tumbled into the street with the prisoner.
I know the chest, it belongs to Frampton, Thompson, and Hustler.
That chest was delivered to me.
Had the prisoner his hat on?
I cannot take upon me to say, whether he had his hat on or off.
I was walking along, down Golden-lane, in my way home, two men came walking after me, I was passing the cart, one pushed me, the other chucked my hat into the cart; I thought it no harm to get up in the cart to take my hat, I just put the hat on with my right hand, and laid hold of something with my left, by pulling me strong, it came down, I thought it was the man that pulled my hat off my head, I always worked very hard for my living, I never did such a thing in my life; my witnesses have been here since Wednesday morning, they are not here now.
What was the value of that chest of tea?
About nineteen pounds.
If a thing is moved from the place where it is, with intention to carry it off, and stealing it, that is as compleat a robbery, though they are prevented, as if it was carried away.
