I am the wife of Jarvis Nash . I had the money mentioned in the indictment in my room, in a tin box. I had put it into the care of Jane Barrett , who lodged in the same house with me. There was an alarm of fire; we moved our things in a great bustle. The next morning I missed my money. I suspected the prisoner, who was in the house; I went in pursuit of her. We came up with her some where in Monmouth-street. She ran into a house where she was taken. This box and a part of my money was found upon her.
The prosecutor's wife delivered to my care a box containing three pounds seventeen shillings. I am sure there was that money in the box, for I told it when she first delivered it into my care; I told it again after the fire when I returned, after having been obliged to move, it was safe then. In telling it then I happened to drop a receipt which was in this tin box. The next morning the prisoner was in Nash's room, singing; I had occasion to go into that room to light a candle, to make a fire. She followed me and offered to light my fire for me and came into my room. She went out again, and came in again and borrowed the light. After she went out again, I had occasion to go down to fill my tea-kettle with water. I suppose while I was down stairs the box was stolen, for when I returned, I observed the receipt which I had dropped over night, when I told the money, which I had not observed before; upon that I went to look at the box, to see if every thing was safe, and then the box was gone. As there had been nobody but the prisoner, we went in pursuit of her.
I found the prisoner buying a gown in Monmouth-street. I wanted to stop her, she would not submit to that; I called stop thief! She went into a house. One John Young apprehended her.
Upon the alarm given, I being told which way the woman had run, went after her, and found her in a room where there were a number of people making soldier's clothes. I searched the room and found this tin box (producing it) I found also two pounds eighteen shillings and eleven pence; a few halfpence only in the box.
The box is unfoldered in one place. I know it by that mark to be my property.
There was a fire happened the morning before. When I got up they were moving the things about; I picked the box up; I did not know whose it was.
