I was robbed this day was fortnight. I was very late out with a gentlewoman at Marybone.
What are you?
I take in a little washing, and nurse children.
How late was you there?
Above half after eleven at night. I had a bundle of linen. I came to the grenadiers at St. James's gate; I asked if they could help me to a man to see me safe to Buckingham-gate , and I would give him sixpence. They called the prisoner, Thomas Peach ; I gave the sentinel twopence for calling a man to me.
Did the prisoner undertake to guard you to Buckingham-gate?
Yes, across the Park. I gave him sixpence under the piazzas. He took my lantern, and he said would carry it for me; he carried it a little way and then returned it again. He then asked me to let him carry my bundle? I refused, because the linen was wet and might dirt his clothes. I went a little farther; then he asked again to carry it? I refused. He then took it from me, and said he would carry it. I went a little way and asked for the linen again; I said it was wet, I was afraid it would dirt his clothes. He said, no, he would carry it. When I got into the park, he seemed rather to lag behind; I turned and looked, I thought it was very odd a grenadier could not walk with me. I could hardly walk, my breath was so bad. I asked him again for my bundle. He said, it is very heavy, what is in it? I did not inform him what was in it, but asked him again for the bundle; he would not give it me. When we got to the single sentry at the coach-road in the front of the queen's palace, the centinel said, who comes there? He answered a friend. The centinel said pass. I went past the sentry; then the prisoner went up the passage in the dark, and ran away with my linen. I clapped my hands together and said, stop him, he has robbed me of my linen.
You did not suspect he meant to rob you?
No I did not. He never came back. A gentleman and lady advised me to go and have the roll of the guard called; I did directly, and the prisoner was the only man missing. The serjeant took me to the sentinel again to know what man he recommended to me. The sentinel said it was Peach. The man's cap fell off in the palace, when he took my lantern from me; I looked at him and am sure the prisoner is the man.
Did you see his face clearly?
I saw his face quite clearly.
Had you any reason at that time to take particular notice of his face?
Not at all. I turned and looked at him several times, not that I thought the man was a thief.
Have you seen the things since you lost them?
Justice Durden sent for me the day after, and there I saw them.
Do you know that these things are your's?
Yes. There are separate clouts I brought from Marybone; the gentlewoman lies in. Some are opened at one end and not sewed down. I have nursed the lady twice and know the things.
Was there any thing in the bundle but what you had lost?
No.
Whose possession did you see them in?
Justice Durden's.
Did not you come to the king's guard next morning, and you was asked if you knew the man, and you said no?
The colonel called the men up and asked me if I knew the man? I said I could not tell. I looked at him; they were ranked; I did not see him in the first row; I looked again and saw the man and that is the prisoner.
I am a soldier's wife.
What do you know relative to this charge?
Nothing. On last Thursday was a week to the best of my knowledge, between seven and eight o'clock, I was in bed; a young woman came in and asked me if I had got a pair of shoes to sell? I said I had not. She asked me to recommend her to a lodging; I said I could to Mrs. Atkins. She had a few things and asked me to let my girl shew her the way to the door. I said she should. She said she would leave some things she had in a bundle; I said she might; that it would be very safe, and she left them.
Who was that woman?
I do not know, she goes by the name of Peach; they are girls of the town; they give themselves different names. I went the next night to the merriment; the next morning my girl said she was afraid I had got something not right. I got the advice of the neighbours about it, and by their advice I carried the bundle to Justice Durden, and left it in his possession. There was a double laced cap, a table-cloth, and some other things in the bundle.
I took the prisoner in bed on Thursday the 28th of December, between one and two o'clock by virtue of a warrant from Justice Durden. At that time the prosecutrix swore to the man.
To the Prosecutrix. How came he to be let go at large, after you had pointed him out?
The colonel said the man could not be apprehended at the king's palace, upon which we made an application for a warrant. The colonel undertook to deliver him up upon the parade next morning. When I applied to the justice of peace, a serjeant of the guards attended, and he undertook to bring the sentinel who received two-pence for calling the prisoner, and the prisoner next morning, but he did not do it.
I am a constable. The prosecutrix brought a warrant to me; we went and endeavoured to find the man out; I went to the Horse-Guards, and could not find him. I saw the pay serjeant; he went with me and Matthews went to the Rose and Crown, thinking to find him there; he was not there. He went with me and showed me where he lived. We found him in bed. I apprehended him. As soon as he rose up in bed Matthews said, that is the man.
Was you at the justice's?
Yes.
Was any serjeant of the Guards there?
Yes; he said at the time of the alarm he was required to call the roll, and that this man was absent.
Did he undertake any thing?
Yes, he was ordered by Justice Addington to bring the two sentinels the next morning.
And he undertook to bring the two sentinels?
Yes.
Was you there the next morning?
Yes.
Did he bring them?
No.
The woman was not there when I rose out of the bed, she was below stairs.
To the Prosecutrix. Was you present when he was apprehended?
I was when he was dressing; and I said, constable, that is your prisoner.
She was down below stairs, she was not up in the room; I never saw the woman with my eyes; I never saw any thing she had; she has swore very false against me.
