I live in Norwich; I know the prisoner; I was present at his marriage with Dianna Tibb , in October, 1783.
Where was it?
In the parish of St. Andrews.
When did you see that wife?
When I came to town, this day week; but I have not seen her since, not know nothing of her; I saw her alive when I came to town; I gave her away.
Was Tibb a single woman at that time?
She was.
Did you know this man before?
Very little of him.
How long have they lived together?
That I cannot tell.
Do you know that they lived together at all?
Yes, I do.
I have a copy of the register; I saw it copied out of the book; it is all right but some words spelled wrong; licence is not spelled right, that is all.
How happens that?
The clerk that wrote it out did not spell it right.
Why did not you set it right?
I did not think it material.
I live in Hedge-lane; I know the prisoner.
Did you know his wife Diana?
They both lodged there, but I do not know they were married; they lived together as man and wife.
Are you acquainted with the Rutledge's family?
I saw the young woman before they came to my house; in consequence of this; I did not know him before the marriage.
Your sister, Elizabeth Rutledge , was married as I understand?
Yes, on the 18th of December, I was present; she was married to the prisoner at Holy Trinity church, Queenhithe ; I was present at the marriage, and gave her away; Mary Sawcutt was present also.
You gave your sister away, you say?
Yes.
I believe you never did an act in your life with more satisfaction?
I cannot say that.
How long had these two people been acquainted?
I suppose about five months.
Sometimes making love is all on one side, you know, and sometimes a little on both sides: attend seriously to the questions I am going to ask you, was not this young man obliged to marry your sister?
Obliged to it! no, Sir, I do not know that he was.
Did not you and your family press the marriage very much?
We did not.
Then you do not know of any threats of the young woman to destroy herself if he did not marry her?
The young woman told me once, as I was very much against the marriage, that if I altered his affections to her, it might be the worse with her.
That is, if you hindered the marriage?
Yes.
Did she explain what she meant by that?
No, Sir, not clearly.
Have you never said, that unless this young man consented to marry your sister, she would destroy herself?
I cannot say, but I hinted some little matter of it.
Why you mentioned it in very broad terms, that you was very glad she was married, for if she had not, she would have destroyed herself, she loved him so much?
No, I did not say she loved him so much.
Have you never said you was glad you had got your sister married, or she would have destroyed herself?
I said, that she said, perhaps it might be worse with her, and she would have done something to herself that she should not have done.
Was it not seriously apprehended in the family, that unless the young man consented to marry your sister, it would be the death of her?
I cannot answer to that.
Have not you told Mr. Lloyd so?
Yes, I have.
I hope you did not tell him a lye?
No.
Do not you know it was so represented to this young man, that the only way to save this young girl's life was to marry her?
No.
How came these two people together?
She was at Mr. Laidler's in Moorfields, out of place, and he was a workman there.
Did you happen to be of any of the parties at Bartholomew fair with them?
No, Sir, I was not.
Do you know from your sister that before the marriage, she was acquainted that he had another wife living?
No, I do not.
Have you ever heard so?
No.
Did he pass in your family as a single man?
Yes, I never heard to the contrary.
Have you never heard from your sister, either before or after the prosecution commenced, that she was told at Bartholomew fair before the marriage, that this man had a wife living?
No, I do not.
Have you never heard so?
No.
Did he pass in your family as a single man?
Yes, I never heard to the contrary.
Did you never hear from your sister neither before or after this prosecution commenced that she was told at Bartholomew fair before the marriage that this man had a wife living?
No, I never heard her say so, nor I never knew it.
He passed himself as a single man?
He did after he was married, but we discovered it in two days; I never saw him since till I saw him at the bar; we were informed by a letter from the people where they lodged; I do not know the name, it is in White-cross-street.
Young woman, how long was you acquainted with this young man?
Upwards of five months.
Where were you married?
At the Holy Trinity.
Did you know whether he was married or a single man before?
No, Sir, I had no such suspicions; I discovered he was married within three days.
What became of him?
I do not know; a woman came up stairs, and said, he was her husband; she and him went down stairs; and she came back again; and said, he was her husband; I asked her; if she could prove her marriage, she said, she could swear it; and likewise could bring her certificate in forty-eight hours; that was on the 21st of December; I immediately left him and went to my friends; on the 3d of January he was apprehended at Cow-cross.
Who took him?
I really cannot tell.
You had no suspicion he was a married man before you was married?
No, I had not.
Was you at Bartholomew fair with him?
No; I was there with a young man in Mr. Laidler's house.
Was there any young woman there?
I have seen Doughty and the other young woman; I had no conversation with them about the prisoner and the marriage.
They had mentioned your marriage to you?
Yes.
I believe they took some pains to dissuade you from it?
No, Sir, they did not.
Upon your oath, had nobody told you before you was married, that he was a married man and had a child?
No, I never had the least suspicion; he told me he had no friends in London but a sister.
Had nobody told you?
No, Sir, I had not the least suspicion.
That is not an answer, did any body tell you before you was married, that he was a married man, and that you had better have nothing to do with him?
I really cannot recollect any such thing was said.
Did not Jane Doughty say so?
No, Sir, I never spoke to her but twice.
Did not Mrs. Apsley mention it?
No, not on that account.
What did they say to you?
They used to talk to me, and ask me if I was going to be married; I told them, yes.
Did they make no reply upon that?
No, none at all, not in the least.
I am sorry to be obliged to ask you these questions, and press you to much about it; be so good to tell me whether the marriage was voluntary on the part of this man, or was not he forced into it?
No, Sir, me force him into it!
No, I do not say you; I dare say you forced him by your charms as you would any body?
It was his own inclinations; he would have married me months before, but I would not agree to it, for I wished to be asked in church.
Was not he told by somebody, by your direction, that unless he married you, some fatal consequence would happen, and that it would be your death?
I never mentioned it to him.
Nor to any body else with a view to their telling him?
No.
Did not you to your brother?
I do not know what I might say to my brother; but it was not with a view to it's being said to him.
I am a constable; I know Cow-cross; it is in St. Sepulchre's Without, Middlesex.
Is that the name of the parish?
Yes.
You know the parish of St. Sepulchre's?
Yes, the description is the parish of St. Sepulchre's, in the county of Middlesex; I know no other name; it is vulgarly called Without and Within.
I leave it all to my counsel.
I live in Old-street, No. 22, I am married; I am not acquainted with this young woman but by sight; I have seen her at Mr. Laidler's, where she lived; I have not seen her since she was married, till she came backwards and forwards here to Court.
Have you ever had any conversation with her before her intended marriage?
I never had any.
Was you ever present when any body told her about this man?
No.
Do you know the man?
Only by sight; I never changed a word with him.
I live in Ropemaker's-alley; I am a widow; I have been in company with Mrs. Rutledge before she was married; I told her, I was informed the prisoner was a married man.
Was it before she was married?
Yes.
Are you sure of that?
Yes.
What did she say to that?
She said, he told her the woman was a sister of his.
Did you mention this more than once to her?
No, I do not know that I did.
Did you know the young man before they were married at all?
Only seeing him come to work.
I am desired to ask you whether the marriage was sought for by him?
That I do not know.
Did you hear any thing of his destroying himself if he did not get a wife?
Not that I know of.
He was desperately in love, was not he?
I am not certain of that.
I can call witnesses to his moral character, but it is not material in this case.
