I am eighteen years old. I was coming down Drury-lane on the 24th of March, which was Good Friday, at ten o'clock at night; the prisoner asked me to give her something to drink. I told her I would not. She picked my pocket, by force, of half a guinea and two shillings and three pence; she held me by the flap of my coat.
Did she strike you or use any violence?
No. She only laid hold of my coat, pulled me about, and put her hand in my pocket; the money was wrapped up in paper; she took it out of my pocket and opened the paper; there was half a guinea, two shillings and three pence; she afterwards gave me two-pence halfpenny and said, do you think I would go to take any money from you, I see you are an apprentice boy? I looked over the two-pence half-penny she gave me and cried out immediately that she had robbed me of half a guinea and two shillings; she was then in White Hart-yard; she went off when she gave me the two-pence halfpenny, and I followed her. I called out and Mr. Fournoe and another person came to my assistance.
How came you in my room?
She robbed me and I was obliged to go to her room for my money after she had robbed me.
I thought you called out and got assistance as soon as you missed your money?
I did; I went for the watch the watch were not set; when she ran away with the money I followed her to her room for my money; when she came down from her room I cried for help. I had cried for help before, and no-body came.
How long did you stay in her room after you followed her there?
Not a minute.
Had we no liquor to drink in my room?
None at all.
Was there any communication between you and I?
No, none at all.
I was at work in my garret in White Hart-yard. I heard a noise. I came down; there were thirty or forty people round the prisoner. I heard the boy crying; he said he was robbed. I took her by the peak of the stays behind; I then saw her put a half-guinea into her mouth; I saw the edges of it; it rattled in her teeth. I tried to pull it out of her mouth, but she gave her head a toss back and swallowed it. I took her to the watch-house; the beadle found two shillings and a sixpence and a halfpenny upon her; when the money was produced, the next day, she said there was no more of the boys but two shillings.
As I was going into Stuart's-rents this lad laid hold of me and said, I have seen you before, 3where are you going? I said do not trouble your head with me. I went home and left my door upon the latch, as I did not think to stay long; the lad came up stairs and said, now I have got into your room, what will you drink? He said, let us have a little drop of gin. He gave me twopence halfpenny, and Mrs. Smith's daughter fetched it; we drank the liquor and came down stairs together, and went up White Hart-yard; in less than half a minute he turned round and said, you have robbed me of the money out of my pocket. We came down, and he alarmed some people. I never saw but that two-pence half-penny.
