I keep a sale shop in Oxford Road . On Friday the 9th of February, while I was conversing with a gentleman in my parlour, I heard somebody in the shop; I went into the shop and found the prisoner there. He asked me if I had a child's great coat to sell? I told him I had not; he had a sack hanging across his arm; I observed he kept moving it as if he was hiding something under it; that caused me to suspect him. I looked round the shop and missed a dark cotton gown and a pair of ruffles from a nail. I had been in the shop about two minutes before and saw them there then. As he was going out of the shop I took hold of his collar and under the sack I found concealed a gown and pair of ruffles; they were worth about fifteen shillings. The prisoner then went down on his knees and begged my pardon, and desired I would let him go.
I live in the prosecutor's house. I was talking with him in the parlour; he heard somebody in the shop, he went into the shop; I heard him talking with some person who said he wanted a child's great coat. Mr. Rowney called me out and said, this man wants a child's great coat; I saw him pull the gown from under the sack. I took the prisoner into the parlour till a constable was sent for.
I went into the shop to ask the price of the gown; the gentleman asked me eleven shillings for it; I had it my hand and had a bag on my shoulder at the same time; I cannot say whether any of it might not be under the bag. I had some brass in the bag.
I am a broker and brazier. I have known the prisoner from his infancy; I never knew any thing amiss of him. He is often troubled with fits and is often delirious.
You think he has not always the right use of his understanding?
No; very seldom; he is eighteen or nineteen years of age.
I had two or three other witnesses; they thought I should not be tried to night, so they are gone.
There were two or three witnesses in the morning, they are gone.
I shall be obliged to the jury to under rate the value before their verdict.
The prisoner's mother swooned on the occasion, and lay three or four days and then expired. He has a wife and child.
