I was commander of a recruiting party in Essex, in the 40th regiment. On Sunday was se'nnight, the 15th, about half after two o'clock, I was coming up from Ratcliff-highway; I turned up by St. George's church in the East; I missed the road, and went forward as far as Wellclose-square . I saw a tallish man behind me, in a light coat. I said I was wrong, and asked him where was St. George's church; he said I had passed it: I talked with the man; I stood considering which way I should take; then I heard something shuffling behind me; I looked about, and saw the prisoner and another; I spoke to them twice; they gave me no answer; at last I asked of them the best road to the London Hospital, Whitechapel; the other put his hand to his mouth, and said, Go in at the gate-way, the turnpike; I put my stick over my shoulder, and came away. I came to a cross road, which leads into Church-lane: I am a little dull of hearing; I saw nothing, but I heard people shuffling behind me; I looked about, and saw the two men that I had seen coming up to the turnpike, which were the prisoner and another man, coming up to me: the first man had a pistol in his hand; he poked it to my head, and cut my eye with it; the prisoner was on the other side; he had a pistol in his left hand; he poked it on the other side of my head; then there came up to me two men; I believe they were two others; one hit me with a stick on the nose; then one of them put a cloth or something round my neck; I thought he would choak me; then one of them went down on his knees to take my money out of my pocket; I pressed my belly down, that he could not get my watch out, and he struck me in the belly with his fist; and one of the others struck me over the head with a hanger, as I suppose it was, because it cut the loop off my hat, and my cockade; and the tall man I saw in Ratcliff-highway, was the last that came up; he said, D - n the bougre, why don't you shut his eyes? Then they put an handkerchief over my eyes; I went down on my backside, upon which they fastened my head down to the ground, and then took my money, which was upwards of 25 l. and a watch; they took a bundle of papers out of my pocket, that were the accounts of the regiment: none of my things were ever found again: then they let my breeches down, and walked behind me with their pistols in their hands; they made me walk with my breeches down, and said, If I looked back, they would blow my brains out; then they left me: I met with a watchman, who conducted me to Whitechapel turnpike. On Monday I made an information before the justice's at Whitechapel. On the Sunday I was unable to get out of bed. The prisoner was taken up last Wednesday was week; I knew him again as soon as ever I saw him.
Had you ever seen him before the night you was robbed?
Not that I know of.
How did you describe him?
I said there was a little man with a cut wig and dark clothes; and another with his own hair, a round hat, and dark clothes; I am certain the prisoner is the same person.
Was it moon-light?
The moon did not shine, but it was star-light.
This happened about half after two o'clock on Easter Sunday morning?
Yes; when I got up on my backside, I said, You have taken all I have; why don't you take my life also? upon that they gave me two or three blows. I bought that fairly, for I might have held my tongue.
I am the headborough of the hamlet of Mile End New Town. I took the prisoner at the Bull in Petticoat-lane, about nine o'clock in the morning: he was lying asleep on the table; we took him on another charge; we took him to the watch-house; the serjeant (the prosecutor) came with the beadle, and challenged him immediately.
Had he (the prisoner) any arms?
None at all.
I am very innocent; I never did such a thing in my life.
The prisoner lodges in my house; he has lodged with me a twelvemonth.
Where was he on Easter-eve?
In my house, a-bed: he goes through my room to bed; he could not go out without my knowing it: he was in from ten o'clock on Saturday night till eight on Sunday morning. He is a very honest man; he drives a horse and cart for his living; he sells fruit and potatoes: he has never laid out of my house a night since he has lodged there.
How came he to go on the other side of the water on the Wednesday?
Being holiday week, he said he would go to the Bull in Petticoat-lane, and have a pint of beer; he went out about eleven o'clock; he was at home on Monday and Tuesday: on the Wednesday he asked me to go with him to take a walk; I said I would come after him; and I did; I went about three or four o'clock in the afternoon, and he was taken up and put in prison then.
What time did you go to the public-house?
Between eight and nine in the morning. Hyde came to him as his wife.
I did not pass as his wife.
We went to the house between eight and nine in the morning: we had been to look for him several times before.
