I am a hatter, in Cannon-street , almost opposite Mr. Harris's. A woman came to me upon the 16th of March, and sold me forty hat loopings, what we call breed; I gave her 10 d. a piece: she said, her name was Ford; after I had paid her for the breed, I observed she had some bands in a paper; I asked if they were to sell? she said, they were not hers, they belonged to a lodger; but I might have them at 17 d. a piece; I said, we sold them in our shop for 1 s. I could not give but 10 d. I said, if he did not like the price, he might have them again; I asked, where she lived; she said in the middle of Wheeler-street. When she was gone, I went over to Mr. Hartley, to ask what they were worth; he said, 26 s. a dozen; I said, I bought them for 10 d. he said, they must be stole. I went and enquired after her; I could not find her; she came again on the 29th; I sent then for Mr. Hartley; he asked her about these bands; she said one of her lodgers sent her with them to sell. My father advised me to send for a constable; she said, one Blonde, who lived in our neighbourhood, and was a servant to Mr. Harris, knew her; we sent for him; he seemed surprised, and began to abuse us; we said, she had brought things we suspected were stole; he said, she was a very honest woman, he would be bound for her; we told him we were going before a magistrate; he said he would go, and see her righted; he went home to dinner, and came back again; we went to the Mansion House; there was no Alderman there; we went to Guildhall; she said, she lived in Wheeler-street; and he said, he lived in Wheeler-street; they were examined separate; she said, he had been at her house four times; he said, he had not been there at all; he said, he lived at one Green's, a porter, in St. John's street; he was sent to the Compter; we went to St. John's street; we could find no such man as Green; we found, the next morning, that he lodged in Goswell-street, at one Mr. Cosby's, a snuff-shop. I went with a search warrant; I went up into the garret, where he lodged; there were two beds in the room; under the bed we found boxes, with hat linings and trimmings; and there were some hat bands; there was so large a quantity we were obliged to have a cart to take them away.
Was he present at the lodgings?
No, he would not go with us.
I am a glover, on Fish-street-hill; Mr. Norman shewed me two hat-bands on the 16th of March; he said, he bought two dozen, at 10 s. a dozen, of a woman; I told him, they were such as I gave 26 s. for; I asked, where she said she lived; he said, Wheeler-street; I went in the afternoon to enquire for her; I could not find her. On the 29th she brought some more, and Mr. Norman came for me; I went over; Mr. Norman sent for a constable; then the woman sent for the prisoner; he was very angry; he said, she was a very honest woman; he would go before a magistrate, and see her righted; we went to Guildhall; Mr. Townsend was there; I desired they might be examined separate; he said, he lodged in St. John's street; I went into St. John's street; I could not find any such place as he directed us to; I went afterwards to Goswell-street, No. 3, I there found hat-boxes, full of hat-bands and linings, so much there was a cart load of them.
I am a constable. Dinmore and I went to the lodgings of the prisoner, and saw the goods found; I have had the custody of them ever since.
These hats, (producing them) were brought to Guildhall by Mr. Fleming.
I am a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane; I took in pawn thirty hats, at different times, of the prisoner; they are all new ones; I did not know him before he brought the hats; he told me his name was Fletcher.
I am a hatter and haberdasher , in Cannon-street; the prisoner was my servant ; he lived with me sixteen months.
Have you lost any property?
Yes.
Do you know to what amount?
No, I do not.
Do you know these hats?
I do; there is my mark on every one I have looked at yet, (looks at the hats brought from the pawnbroker) These are lined; my mark is branded on the inside; I can only speak to the mark on those which have the linings cut out.
How many have the linings out?
Only three; they appear to be the same hats the three are, one out of each of the parcels pawned at different times.
What is the value of the hats found in the lodgings, and of those at Mr. Fleming's?
Those about 7 l. 10 s. what I sell for 5 s. a hat; there were 88 in his lodgings; I can't speak to the value of them, because they are of different prices. Here are two pieces of belerdine loopings: here is my roll, with my mark; I have had these two pieces of belerdine ever since I have been in trade; they were left by my father; it was bought, I suppose, twenty years ago; I have not been able to sell it, except a little piece at a time.
Can you say at what time the hats were in your shop?
No; I cannot.
There is a large quantity of hats?
Yes; and a large quantity of goats-wool; I know some of that to be my property.
What is your stock of hats?
Perhaps 1000 dozen in my shop and boxes some time last year, now perhaps I have not 50 dozen. I do not know I ever sold a Manchester hat without a lining; and some of those without linings are Manchester hats. The other articles in the cart I believe are my property, except a box and trunk which they are in: there is about 150 pounds of goats-wool.
How do you know that to be yours?
There is a particular sort amongst it, which I import myself; I believe no other person imports it; I have it cleaned at Leghorn. There is a box, which the red Vidonia wool is in. The bow-strings I can only swear to, because they are English-made strings, and I bought all the person had at the time.
I am servant to Mr. Keates, a pawnbroker, at the corner of Dove-court, Leather-lane. I have here six hats (producing them) which I took in of the prisoner, on the 21st of December last, in the name of John Fletcher ,
This is my property; the others appear to be the same.
I live at No. 3, in Goswell-street. The prisoner, John Blonde , lodged at my house. I was present when the things were found; they were found in his own apartment.
I never took any wool out of Mr. Harris's house. I have been so exceeding ill, I have not had time to send for any body. There have been things taken from me that would have supported me in the Compter.
What opinion had you of the prisoner?
I looked upon him to be a very honest man, or I should not have kept him in the house. I had a good character of him. I placed such confidence in him, that I believe, if it had not been discovered as it was, it would have been worse for me.
Is your warehouse a part of the house?
Yes, it is underneath the dwelling-house.
