On the 21st of last November, as I was going to Little Chelsea , in company with Mr. Robert Lewis , we were stopped about half-way, between seven and eight in the evening, in the road by two men, they opened the door of the carriage of the post-chaise, and demanded my purse; I gave my purse, and at the same time I was a good deal frightened, and I gave my watch, it was metal.
What was in your purse?
A crown piece; the purse was silk.
What reason have you for charging the prisoner?
I had not the least memory of either of the men; not the least recollection; they went away directly after.
Did they call to the postilion to stop?
I believe they might, I did not hear it. The pawnbroker brought my watch to me.
What was his name?
Aldus.
When was it brought to you?
On Monday morning last.
I was going from town to my house, at Little Chelsea, on the 21st of November last, with this lady, at nearly eight o'clock in the evening, and about the mid-way, between Little Chelsea and Hyde-Park-Corner , I observed a man run with great violence up to the off horse, he seized hold of the reins, and held up something to the postilion like a bludgeon; the postilion instantly stopped, and the man came to my side of the chaise; there were two ladies, and two gentlemen in the chaise, the other gentleman was the Rev. Mr. Filewood, and the lady, Mrs. Lewis; the man came to my side, and demanded our money, Mrs. Lewis instantly gave her purse; he demanded mine, I was not quite so ready, he desired I would make haste; it was loose silver; I did not see Mrs. Filewood's purse and watch given; I thought I had some recollection of the man, after the watch was stopped; I thought I had some knowledge of his face; I saw him afterwards when the watch was stopped; the prisoner was taken up; I went to the office to see him; I then thought it was the man that came on my side; there were two men; I saw but one.
Did you know both the doors of the chaise were open?
I did not; I cannot swear positively to him.
I live in Berwick-street; on Saturday the 22d of December last, one Thomas Price not taken, came into my shop about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, and asked two guineas on a watch; two quidees on a watch he produced; I did not advance it; on looking into a book, I observed the watch had been advertised, and some handbills I have here; I said, Tom, it is not your watch, it is advertised, with that he said, don't be slamming of us, give us the wath again; I said no, I don't chuse to do that; I said, I must see the owner before he had it again; instantly he said, if you are upon that, I will speak to Jonathan, immediately he runs out of the shop; I ran round the end of the counter, and went out and saw Jonathan, a person I knew very well, standing on the other side of the way; Price ran on one side of the way, Jonathan on the other; they both ran away, and I pursued them up Oxford-street, and down Blenhelm-steps to a stable yard, and I saw the prisoner in the stable; he was there before I got there; I took him immediately, and took him to Bow-street, in consequence of which the lady and Mr. Lewis were sent for.
Has that watch been in your possession ever since?
Yes; I have known him sometime.
Were not the stables his, as he is a hackney coachman?
They belong to Palmer; I pursued both.
How did price escape?
It was dark, the stables run under ground; Price and the prisoner both run together.
Did you see him standing still before he run?
I saw him opposite the shop.
Was that before Price spoke to him?
Yes.
Did Price speak to him?
They both run one hundred yards, and then joined.
Then they both ran before Price spoke him?
Yes.
Price had not spoke to him before they set out running?
No; I have known this man sometime, I never heard any harm before of him; I went round my counter, and saw the prisoner on the other side of the way; the counter runs up to the window.
I leave it to my counsel.
I am a master hackney man; I live in Hampshire-Hog-yard, opposite the church; the prisoner I have known eight years; he lived with me two years; I never saw him in liquor, always a good servant when with me; he went and drove a diligence in the country; he was as good a servant as I ever had in my life.
I live in Brook-street, Holborn; I have known him seven or eight years, always knew him to be an honest industrious man.
I keep the Queen's Head, in Oxford-street; I have known him nine or ten years; always knew him to be an industrious, honest man, and never heard any harm of him in my life.
I have known the prisoner seven years; I am a bricklayer; I always knew him to be an honest man.
