I live in Cow-lane, Smithfield, I lost my brown gelding on the 4th of March, from Hammersmith , he was supposed to be out of the yard, the premises are adjoining to the common, and the gate might be left open.
Did he use to run on the common?
He was at keeping there in the yard, it is my own place, there was a person that lives in the house, that takes care of the things, I had not been there for a week or fortnight before; we valued him at a guinea; I missed
him on the Wednesday; or the Thursday morning going along St. John's-street, I saw the horse between the shafts of a cart, belonging to Mr. Weston; and I asked the driver how long his master had had him, and he said, he bought him two days before; that was the day he was missing in the afternoon; I asked him if he knew the man he bought him of, he said yes, he saw him the day before in Gray's-Inn-lane; then says I, you had better take the horse home, I think he is stole, I went to Mr. Weston, and he said, he thought he could find him; we went to the Shepherd and Flock at Paddington, and found him; he was taken before Justice Girdler, and he said, he was employed to sell the horse by one Wood, he was committed for farther examination, he did not produce him, he had him committed for another examination, and Wood was not produced, then he committed him here.
How was he marked?
He has a blaze on his face, and white on the off foot behind, and some marks on his back, he is brown or chesnut.
I bought the horse of the prisoner at the bar, on the 4th of March, on Thursday between three and four in the afternoon, at my own house; I know the prisoner, he told me he had been a smuggling with him, and he had worn him out, he was not fit for his service, and if I had any work for him, he would let me have him cheap; I gave him a guinea for him, several people were by, and said, I had given him too much.
I had this horse of one James Wood of Mary le Bone, I was going to my master's, I met this man, and asked him where he was going with the horse, he said home, he asked me to buy it, I told him, I did not want any, he said, if you can tell me where I can sell him, I will treat you with some beer, I told him that Mr. Weston I thought wanted a horse, he asked me to go with him, I went with him facing the gentleman's house, I told him, I knew Mr. Weston, says he take the horse, and get what you can for him, I said, I should rather he would go in along with me, he said no, get what you can, but do not take less than a guinea; I went in, Mr. Weston said, he did not know that he wanted such a one, then he said, he would give me a guinea, I went out to the door, and told Wood, and he said, let him have it, I went into Mr. Weston again, and told him of it, when he came out to look at the horse again, the horse was gone, Wood had taken him away, I went round the corner, and there was Wood with him in his hand, I took the money and gave it to him, and told him I was going home, I was to get up in the morning to drive the team; the second day they came to me as I was driving the cart in St. Giles's, and told me about the horse, and I was taken up then, I sent for my wife, and I sent for Wood, and he was not at home, his wife said, he was at Smithfield, and she went again the next morning at twelve o'clock, he did not come home, about a fortnight after he sent for his wife, and took her away: I never was in any confinement before.
How came you to tell Mr. Weston, that you had worn out this horse with smuggling?
He said, he would give me half-a-crown, if I could sell him for more than a guinea.
He has mentioned two circumstances, one is, that upon your biding him a guinea, he went out out to find Wood?
I recollect his going out to the door, but I did not hear him mention any other man at that time.
What did he go out of the door for?
I cannot tell what it was, I thought it was affecting to go away.
Another thing, he says, that the horse was at the door, and when he came out he was gone round the corner?
The first time it was at my door, he went out and said, he would not take the money, he came in again and said, I believe you may as well have him; then the horse was out of sight
tied to the rails going down Gray's-Inn-lane.
Whether he had removed him, or whether any body else had removed him you cannot say?
What is his character?
I have known him two or three years, I never knew thing amiss of his character.
