I lost a pair of silver shoe-buckles on the 17th of March. I had been abed along with a girl, and slept all night with her. The prisoner belonged to the same house where I was drinking; it is a publick-house, called The Bank of England, in Drury-lane . She got up before me in the morning; I was a little in liquor when I went to bed. In the morning I perceived her taking the buckles out of my shoes; I pursued her, but being naked, I durst not run out into the street. She got away from me. I took her up the same night; she then produced a duplicate of them. She had pawned them as nearly in my name as she could, but not quite.
Did not you say any thing to her when you saw her take the buckles out of your shoes?
Yes; I talked to her, I was in bed; I never saw her have the buckles till I saw them in her hands, and then she ran down stairs directly.
Where did you sit when you pulled off your shoes and stockings?
At the foot of your bed miss.
I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pledged these buckles at our house. She put them in her own name and William Robinson 's too; she had twelve shillings upon them. She had been a customer at our house five or six years. Her husband is abroad.
On the 16th of March I was in the taproom in this publick-house; Robinson came in with another man; we had five or six pots of half and half at the other man's expence. He went home with us to our lodgings; he gave me a half crown piece, and the other man gave the other girl a half crown piece to sleep with her. He kept drinking spiritual liquor all the evening. We got up and drank again till about eleven o'clock in the day. He sent me to buy him some shamroques; he went and unlocked my door, and sat on my bed's foot, pulled off his jacket and hat, and unbuckled his shoes; he wanted me to lie down; I said I should not in the middle of the day. He said I suppose you want some more money; I said to be sure. He wanted my buckles; I let him have them. I went and pawned his buckles for half a guinea. When I came back he said they cost him twenty-five shillings, and he was sure I could get more for them. I went back and brought him a duplicate; he gave me five shillings for myself. He left his buckles over night at the bar of the publick-house. He said he would come in the evening again; he did, and brought a watchman with him.
