I live in Bedford-street; I have been in town thirty-five days; I was robbed the thirty-first day, in the evening, at very near the hour of eight in Bow-street ; I was alone; I was stopped by two persons who met me; they said nothing.
What did they do to you?
I asked my way; the one said, this way, and the other said, that way.
What happened to you?
After that, they drew my watch out of my pocket; after one had got my watch, he ran away, and the other laughed in my face.
Did you pursue them?
I took the man that stole my watch by the collar.
Did you keep him?
He was too strong for me, and he got away; I cried out stop thief in English.
Was the man taken in consequence of that?
No.
Have you got your watch again?
I have seen it; the constable has it.
Do you know whether the prisoner was one of the two persons?
Upon my conscience, as I speak in the presence of God, I do not know that person.
How came this man to be taken up?
He stood at the corner of the street; I do not know how he came to be taken up.
I was coming home about eight, on the 31st of March, in the evening, and I heard the cry of stop thief in Hart-street; two men ran; one was the prisoner, the other was a short man; the thick short man was pursued by the patrol; I halted, to let them run by me; presently after, I was told they were taken; there was some little conversation; I said, you had better search the man, or take him away; the prisoner said yes, certainly you are very right, you had better search me, and they took him away; but between the place where he passed me, and the place where he was taken, there I found the watch on the ground; I took up the watch, mud and altogether; I went to Bow-street, and found them there; I left the watch with Mr. Bond.
Were there any other people running in the same manner, in the same place?
None that I saw.
In the place where the watch was found?
None that I saw; I do not know that the watch was dropped by the prisoner; this was about eight at night; I am sure the prisoner is the same man that passed me, and he confessed it; he carried his hand under his coat, which I described, and he said, the reason was because he was lame; as he passed me, his hand was concealed either in his pocket, or under his coat.
Was you at a considerable distance?
I was not.
You have a little mended your recollection since you was before the Justice of peace?
It is not a matter of consequence to me.
But it is a matter of very great consequence to the prisoner, because his life is at stake.
You see I have not provoked you to pertness yet; if it is a long time since, it is not likely you should be more accurate now; you said before the magistrate, that one of them turned up Phoenix-alley, and the other, whom this informant believes to be the prisoner, ran up Hart-street, and passed this informant on the right, with his hand under his pocket; you heard this foreign gentleman examined before the interpreter?
I was not present at the second meeting.
At first you suspected this might be some fun in two idle fellows?
Yes.
In point of fact, was not the prisoner's hand covered with one entire flannel bag?
I believe it was.
Have you any doubt of it?
Now I recollect, I believe it was.
Had not be a very bad hand indeed, three fingers shattered in such a state, as to produce great agony?
Probably it might.
You are a sail-maker?
Yes.
Do you know Alexander Bryson , a thief-taker?
I do not.
Did not you hear the foreigner say no force was used, but that his watch was taken most dexterously and politely?
I heard him say no force was used, but not that his watch was taken most dexterously and politely.
Do you mean now to swear that he was one of the men that run past you?
Yes.
Were there many persons who joined in pursuit?
Only one, which I afterwards found to be the patrol; the men were all strangers to me; the man that went up Phoenix-alley was never taken that I know of.
The foreigner, before the Justice, I believe, gave this account, that he was robbed by one man, who delivered the watch to another?
Yes.
Do you recollect which hand he said?
No.
Was Phoenix-alley between the place where the person passed you, and the spot where this prisoner was taken, or beyond the spot?
When the prisoner had passed me, he had got past Phoenix-alley; he was stopped within some few yards of James-street.
I belong to the government patrols that do duty at the play-house during the plays; at eight at night, going up the passage to Hart-street, all was quiet, and in three minutes I heard the cry of stop thief, towards Bow-street; I saw the prisoner run past me the contrary side of the street; I run after the prisoner; there were two people turning the corner of James-street, and they stopped him; the foreign gentleman came up and called watch, watch; and pointed to the prisoner; I understood by the foreign gentleman's motions, that he was satisfied that the prisoner was one of the men; the foreign gentleman went to the interpreter; I took the prisoner to Bow-street; he wanted me to let him go.
You understood it as well as you could, as a man that could not speak English?
Yes.
You call yourself, I think, a government patrol?
I am paid by government, and I am the patrol.
Who gave directions for this indictment?
One Townsend was sent with me.
He is a better lawyer than you; he knows how to make out a highway robbery better than you; it was at night, and you tell us, that at eight at night, Hart-street is particularly cool and quiet?
I tell you the street was quiet, more so than I ever saw it.
Perhaps there was no performance at the play house that night?
I told you it was the 31st of the month; I should not have been there, if there had not been a performance.
Do not be angry, keep your temper?
I heard the foreigner examined; I saw the the interpreter; I did not enquire his name, I never saw him before nor since; this Frenchman described a great deal of violence that had been offered to him.
Did he say they knocked him down before they took his watch?
I heard no such discourse.
How did he describe it?
He said he was asking his way to his lodgings, and he had it written down on a card, and he met two men, and one said one way, and the other said the other; and the one snatched the watch out of his pocket; he did not say it was taken so dexterously, that he knew nothing about it till afterwards.
Was it done with great politeness?
I was not taken up much with his evidence.
What state was the hand of the prisoner in when you saw him?
I did not take notice, there was a mob about him.
Was not his hand enclosed in a flannel bag, and three fingers smashed?
That has always been the case; I saw his hand tied up as usual.
did you ever see this prisoner before?
I have often seen him about the play house, and he is one of those that by name and looks, I was told to take care of; I have only been three weeks on that duty; I have known him all the time.
Now, upon your oath, has this man been in custody for any offence of any fort; that is a dangerous question to put to a thief-taker?
Not to my knowledge; I go by my orders.
I was present when this man was examined in Bow-street; I heard the Frenchman examined; I put the question to him, he said his watch was taken from him with great politeness; and the man smiled in his face, and took his watch, avec grande politesse, et tres legerement; that is with great politeness, and dexterously and slightly; he said likewise, that the man who received it from the other, received it avec la main gouche, with his left hand; he at that time told me over and over again, that he could not say that the prisoner was the man; it appeared to be a common pickpocket transaction, no violence in the least.
You remember they have crammed into this information, that the prisoner was the man, which the foreigner had struck out?
I think it ought to be set right; it was by the mistake of a Dane who could not speak English not French.
