I was going down Fleet-street, on the 27th of December, there was a woman seemed to be indisposed; I asked what was the matter; a man said, that is my wife; I said I don't want to hurt your wife, you are welcome to a glass of any thing; we went to a house, and the prisoner was there; I went towards home; they followed me; the prisoner said to get away from that man, you had better get a coach; as a coach was got I ordered a man to drive to the Golden-Cross, at Charing-Cross; immediately the two men got into the coach; I was a little flurried in going up the Strand ; I missed the silk handkerchief; I suspected the man; I told them I had lost my handkerchief; I did not seem frightened; the coach stopped at the end of Piccadilly ; I was going to pay the coachman; the prisoner laid hold of my hand, and made a snatch, and took a guinea and a half from me; I catched him, and held his right hand fast; it rather sprained my hand; the other man run off.
You first met with another man talking with a woman?
Yes; I spoke to her, and he said, that woman is my wife; this was on the 27th of December; I said, I did not mean any harm to her, you are welcome to a glass of any thing; I did not know that any house was open at that time; it was about three o'clock in the morning.
You say you ordered the coachman to drive, where?
To the Golden Cross, at Charing-cross.
When you called it first, why did not you refuse to let the men go and tell the coachman they were not of your company?
I was much flurried, I did not know what to do.
Was you sober?
I was not drunk, I was sober enough to know what I was about.
If sober, you would hardly have gone with them?
I only suspected one of them, I could not tell whether the other was his friend or no, I was at a stand, and did not know what to do, I never was in such a situation.
Is it possible a sober man could act in such a manner, if you suspected one, then you was three to one, you might have objected?
I certainly knew what I was about.
How came you to let the coach go on to Piccadilly?
I don't know, when I quitted the coach, I took my money out to pay the coachman, I had one shilling and sixpence in silver, the prisoner snatched out of my hand a guinea and a half, and a shilling.
He did not demand your money?
No.
Nor produce a weapon?
No; my handkerchief was taken out of my pocket in the coach, nor my tobacco-box, I did not miss that, the other was forced out of my hand and nothing said, I held the prisoner fast till the watchman came up.
I am patrole watchman in the winter, my partner and I go two and two together; about the 2d of December we heard a noise the corner of the Hay-market, near the Lemon Tree; when we came up, he said they have robbed me, says he, take hold of that man, I ran after him, could not catch him, they took him to the watch-house, and found this tobacco-box and handkerchief, and a guinea, on him, the prosecutor seemed to be between both, not quite in liquor, nor quite sober, I was present when they were taken from the prisoner.
I was at a house and called for a pint of purl, and this other man was drinking there, as soon as I drank my purl, I went out of the house to go home, I overtook this gentleman at the bottom of Ludgate-hill, he was reeling about, much in liquor, I advised him to go home, he would not, I joaked with him, I said I suppose you are like me, says he, what do you mean, says I, are you locked in the street, no, says he, but I don't chuse to go home to disturb my family and servants; another man came up, and he said, I don't want you, the gentleman was much in liquor, he did not know what to do, we got a coach, and got into it, he pulled the tobacco-box out, and it dropped down, he was very much in liquor, and with the movement of the coach he fell asleep, instead of putting his handkerchief in his pocket, he put it down on the seat of the coach; I called to the coachman, and said there was something dropped down in the coach; I stooped and picked up the handkerchief and box, he put them in my pocket, he was very much in liquor, he could hardly get out of the coach; when he got out, he pulled out a shilling, and a half guinea, and some half-pence, I said, I had some silver and would pay it for him. I thought the gentleman would forget, I had laid out the eighteen-pence for him, and I took the half guinea out of his hand, says he directly you have robbed me, says I, I have got none but your half guinea as security, if you give me the eighteen-pence, you shall have it directly, no, says he, you have robbed me. I gave him the half-guinea again, he said, I had robbed him of three or four guineas; I had but one guinea about me, with some silver, I paid the coachman. The next morning they asked me how I came by the tobacco box, and the handkerchief; I told them the same I do now to you. They would not hear me, I have no witnesses here, they are gone, I asked the coachman, I said have you seen me rob the gentleman? No, says he, the gentleman is drunk and mad.
Why did not you bring the coachman, Mr. Roberts?
I did not speak to the coachman.
Why did you not take the number?
I did not take that; as soon as I took my money out, he seized my money.
The charge in the indictment, is a highway robbery. In order to constitute that, it is necessary either the property should be actually taken from the person who is robbed, by force or violence; with the use of weapons, or with force and violence, or that it should be delivered by the person, in consequnce of the fear of some immediate personal attempt to his life or person. With respect to the handkerchief and tobacco box, found by the watchman, there is no pretence for supporting the indictment, for they were certainly taken, if not found, as the prisoner says, in the coach, but taken from the prosecutor at all, they were taken privately without his perceiving it; that is an offence of a different nature, and there is not the least pretence for saying he was robbed (in a legal sense) of his tobacco box and handkerchief. It does not seem to me that there is evidence enough to constitute a highway robbery; there was no demand of money; no threat used by the prisoner; no weapon produced to put the prosecutor in fear; the prosecutor did not deliver the money, nor was it taken from him by such force and violence as would endanger his life and person, but upon drawing his money out of his pocket himself, and holding out his hand for the purpose of paying the coachman; the prisoner snatched it out of his hand; though that is clearly a theft and felony, it is not in point of law, a highway robbery; and therefore I don't think upon his own evidence, the prosecutor has proved sufficient to warrant the indictment. It was taken in a way that might make it felony, but it is not a highway robbery, and therefore he ought to be acquitted of the charge of the highway robbery upon this indictment.
