I live in Bowling-alley, near Redcross-street .
Did you lose any part of your property at any time?
Yes, two pieces of stuff quilting intended for petticoats, the outside green and the inside white quilted with wool; the outside is called durant to the best of my knowledge.
What was it worth?
About twenty shillings, I believe I lost it on the 5th of January last.
Have you any reason for charging the prisoner with taking the stuff?
Yes, from my little girl telling me she took it.
Do not you know any thing of it of your own knowledge?
Yes; when I found her she told me she took it.
When she made that confession did you make any promise of favour to her?
When she told me she took them, she said they were pawned; I desired to have the duplicates; I told her if I could have my property I would not hurt her.
What age is the child?
She will be thirteen the 23d of next May.
I am servant to a pawnbroker, No. 13, Holywell-street, Shoreditch. I have a petticoat here which I received from two women, but I cannot recollect either of their faces; I have looked at the prisoner, but cannot recollect her to be the person I took it in of.
I once looked at the petticoat by day-light and swore to it, but now it is candle-light what can I do?
Can you upon your oath say that the petticoat now produced was the stuff you lost?
I believe this to be my property; the coat I saw by day-light at Justice Wilmot's I could swear to.
Is that the petticoat which was produced at Justice Wilmot's?
It is the petticoat she swore to at the justice's.
I hired the prisoner to look after my family; she was setting forth her distresses; she said she had a family, and had been out of place two months, and that she had supported herself by pawning her things. She said she had a petticoat in pawn which she would sell for two shillings more than it was pawned for, rather than the pawnbroker should run away with it. I redeemed it out of pawn, they had lent seven shillings upon it; I paid the interest and gave the prisoner a shilling more. She told me it was her own, and by her producing the duplicate I thought it was her own.
