I am an auctioneer in Rathbone-place; the curtain mentioned in the indictment I had in my possession for sale; I had a sale which began upon the 20th, and ended on the 24th of February, in Hanover-street; my clerk missed the curtain on the 1st of March; I made some enquiry on the Friday, but did not meet with success; I sent the advertisement to the paper to be inserted on Saturday, but it could not be in till Monday the 5th of March; the advertisement describes the curtain, and offers five guineas reward on the conviction of the party. Mrs. Graham came to me from Islington, and gave me some information, in consequence of which I went on the Tuesday to Islington; I got a constable, and took up Mrs. Mills; she lodged an information, that she purchased the curtain of the prisoner, Drury; my clerk, myself, and another person, went in pursuit of Drury; we found him coming out of his lodging on the Wednesday morning, the 7th; we brought him to the justices in Litchfield-street: they examined him where he got it; he said he bought it of a woman in Mr. Molding's house, who keeps the King of Prussia's Head at Islington; Mr. Molding came up in the evening, and contradicted all he said.
There were three curtains of the same pattern; I have had them all in my possession since the sale.
I live at Islington: I bought the curtain of the prisoner, Henry Drury , on the 26th of February; I gave him 27 s. for it; I had known him many years; he had been a servant to Mr. Skinner; I did not suspect but that he came honestly by it, as he was a broker who bought and sold at sales; he came two or three times to offer the curtain to me; I mentioned it to Mrs. Graham, who is a broker a few doors off, and she desired me to buy it for her.
Did not you think it very cheap?
I did not think it was worth that; my judgement did not tell me the value of it.
I keep a broker's shop at Islington, a few doors from this woman's house. I wanted a single curtain to match some chairs; I bought this of Mrs. Mills; I never saw it till I had paid two guineas and a half for it; it was a pig in a poke; I found the right owner, and he had it; she had it a week in her possession before I had it of her.
She says you employed her to buy it of the person?
No such thing; I went to ask her for it; she said, more than that, after the woman had bought it, tell the woman now she has given two guineas and a half, it is worth 5 l.
How did you know it was Mr. Pitt's?
I saw it advertised; and I went immediately and let him know of it.
You said that Mrs. Graham desired you to buy it for her?
The prisoner offered to sell me a curtain; I said it did not suit me. Mrs. Graham found he had been to me to sell it, and as I did not want it, she desired I would buy it for her; he would not sell it to her, she knew, so I laid out my own money to serve the prisoner, and to serve Mrs. Graham: she never came near me; he came to me on the Friday following, and asked if she had come for it; I said, no; he bid me not let her have it under two guineas and a half; she sent this cook's-shop woman for the curtain, and brought me two guineas and a half, and I sent the curtain by the woman.
What time of the Monday did she come for the curtain?
I think between eight and nine at night: she read the advertisement, and sent for the curtain. I was to account to him for the two guineas and a half when I sold the curtain.
You had not bought it of him, but given him 17 s. and he ordered you not to sell it under two guineas and a half?
Yes.
You had read the Daily Advertiser before you bought the curtain?
No; I had not; I was going to cut the curtain up, as it answered the purpose I wanted it for. My daughter said, O mother, don't cut it up, it is advertised.
What reason had you to say she had read the advertisement?
Several of the neighbours in the One Tun heard her read that advertisement, and she said she had found a thing worth five guineas, and went to this cook's-shop woman, and desired her to buy the curtain for her, but said, Don't say it is for me.
I live in Glanville-street, Rathbone-place, with Mr. Pitt. On Monday the 19th of February, the morning preceding the sale, I took these curtains down into the back kitchen, and put them by, as they were brought for another, that they might not be seen; the Thursday week after they were missed. Henry Drury was at the sale: they were not sold in that sale. This back kitchen was not open to any body: I had it nailed up.
I keep the King of Prussia's Head, Islington-Road. The prisoner brought the curtain to me about the latter end of February, and asked me if I wanted to buy one; I said, no: he wanted me to shew it to my wife; she was busy; he said he gave two guineas for it and some other things at a sale; I said he might leave it for her to see it, and I would give him a guinea; he did; he came in two or three days; my wife did not want it; he paid the guinea, and took it away; that was about four or five days after.
How long have you known the prisoner?
Three years: he is a broker: he always bore a good character.
I am a broker. I wanted to buy a jack; he had two in the sale; I saw they would not do; I left the sale, and went about some other business: some time after, going to Islington (Molding's is a house I generally call at) there was a woman in the room facing the street had some things to sell, wearing apparel, and this curtain; she asked me a guinea and a half for it; at last we agreed for 22 s. I asking Mold ing to lend me a guinea, he did, and I left the curtain with him; I called on a Mr. Brown; he went with me; I called for the curtain; he looked at it, and bid me 18 s. for it: the next day I called upon Mrs. Mills, and I sold it to her for 1 l. 6 s. 6 d. about a fortnight after that I was taken into custody.
Did he buy the curtain of the woman at your house?
Not to my knowledge; I was in the bar.
Do you remember his borrowing a guinea of you to pay for it?
He borrowed a guinea in the way I mentioned: he brought it to the bar.
Do you remember the man coming to your house with him?
Yes; about two days after.
What did he offer him for it?
I think 16 s. or 17 s.
Was there a woman in the house at the time he brought the curtain to you?
I do not know; I did not observe.
Did you see him come in?
I do not know that I did; he might be in before I saw him.
