I live at No. 7, in Great Suffolk-street, Charing-cross . On the 15th of December, at about two o'clock I went down into my kitchen and I saw a strangewoman there; I asked what she wanted, or what she did there?
Was that strange woman the prisoner?
Yes; she said she only wanted a pint of purl.
Do you keep a public-house?
No, a private house. I sent for a constable, and he took her before Justice Hyde.
Did you find any of your goods upon her?
No.
I never saw him till now.
Did you ever see the woman before that time?
Never in my life.
Is the constable here?
Not that I know of.
I am the wife of William Elbell . On the 15th of December I was sitting in the parlour; we were going to have some hashed meat for dinner; I called my servant up to get some vinegar; the servant came up and went out for the vinegar, and left the door open; she came back with the vinegar; she took the meat down. She had not been long gone down before she called Ma'am, ma'am, here is a woman in the kitchen! I went down and saw the prisoner with a loaf under her arm; I lifted up her hat to see if I knew her. She said she wanted a pint of purl.
Did you see any of your goods upon her?
No.
I never saw the woman before to my knowledge.
I am servant to Mr. Elwell. I was down in the kitchen; my mistress called me up and sent me for some vinegar; I went for the vinegar. I found the door open and I left it open. The door generally stands open at that hour of the day; it was between two and three o'clock. When I came back I left the vinegar in the parlour and took the meat down stairs; when I came down into the kitchen I saw somebody lying down; I asked who the devil was there to frighten me!
Who was the person that was lying down?
The prisoner. I went round the great table which stood in the middle of the kitchen, and said, you may get up now you won't frighten me; she crawled up; I asked her what she had got; she had a loaf in her apron, and the linen was rolled up under her, she had taken it off the table.
What linen was it?
Five pair of sheets and three tablecloths.
Did you leave the linen on the table?
Yes.
Are you sure it did not fall off the table?
Yes: it is a large ironing table; I had set it in the middle of the kitchen. Seeing the linen on the ground, I asked her what that linen was; she said she had nothing but her own loaf.
The linen was not in her apron?
No, it was on the ground; when she got up I saw the linen; I went round the table to meet her at the door, and asked her what she wanted; she said a pint of purl, and if she could not get it there, she desired I would let her go where she could get it; I said she should not go till my master or mistress came down stairs; I called out to my mistress who came down and lifted up her hat and looked at her; the prisoner told her she wanted a pint of purl; we asked her if that looked like a public-house; she said she did not know.
What part of the table were they lying upon?
Upon the middle of the table.
I was very much in liquor. I went in and called for a pint of purl; I could make no body hear; I laid me down and was almost asleep. I never stole a halfpenny worth of any thing in my life.
She did not seem much in liquor; she said we were in liquor.
Did you make any noise when you went down?
No,
Was she asleep?
No, I had not been out of the kitchen long enough.
She was not lying in a place concealed was she?
She was between the table and dresser; it was dark in that part of the kitchen.
Jury. Were the things tied up?
No, they were quite loose, some folded and some unfolded.
