I live with Mr. Alderman Sawbridge. On the 11th of September, at past twelve o'clock at night, I went to Guildhall Coffee-house to fetch a suit of clothes for my master; I took a coach at Charing-cross, it carried me there, and I got the clothes, and ordered the coachman to drive to New Burlington-street. The man said his horses were very tired, he had been out all day, and begged I would discharge him. I said I would not discharge him without he got me another coach; in Cheapside I got another coach. I paid him his fair and ordered the coachman to drive me to New Burlington-street. I had been riding post for several days; I lay down on the seat and went to sleep. Near St. Giles's church the coach stopped, and the man who drove me I detected unbuckling my shoe. I awoke with it, and was going to jump out of the coach; I saw him go from the coach door and get upon the box; then he drove on as fast as he could before I could get out; the door was open and the step was down. I put the step up and shut the door. I called to him to stop all the way; when he got into Oxford-road he stopped the coach and said, Master, did you call to me? I said, yes, certainly you have robbed me of my watch and my money. He said no, master, I have not robbed you, indeed I have not; and I will drive you safe home. Upon recollection, I thought if he would drive me home to where I was known, it would be better to detect him than where I was; accordingly he drove me to New Burlington-street. I got out of the coach, laid hold of his collar, and called the watch; one watchman came up to me; I desired him to ring his rattle, to get some more watchmen. I got three or four watchmen about him. I desired them to keep him till I went up to Mr. Sawbridge, who was in bed, to know what to do with him. We took him to the watch-house, and the next morning I went with him before the justice. I never found any of my things again.
What did you loose?
My watch, a pair of buckles, and three shillings in money.
I took this gentleman out of another coach in Cheapside; he bid me stop in Newgate-street to take a girl up, and bid me set her down in St. Giles's. He said I need not put the step up he would put it up himself. I had not gone far before he said he was robbed. I said he could not be robbed without it was by the person in the coach with him, that I would drive him safe home.
To the Prosecutor. Did you stop to take any person up into the coach?
No, upon my oath.
Did this man, when he was taken up, say any thing about stopping to take up a girl into the coach?
No. I sent the coach home. The proprietor of the coach said he knew nothing of the prisoner.
To the Prosecutor. You are sure the prisoner is the man?
I am.
