I live at Mrs. Wickham's. The prisoner was my servant . On the 9th of February my wife got up to call the prisoner; she went into her room and saw it in a litter. She alarmed me. I went into the room and saw the bed had not been slept in over night; that gave me a suspicion; I searched my bureau which I found open, and missed one pound fifteen shillings out of it. I missed my watch which I had put into one of the pigeon holes in the bureau. I imagined she had taken the keys out of my wife's pocket, and unlocked the bureau. We missed all my wife's things, as mentioned in the indictment. I received a letter, in consequence of which I went to No. 5, in Greville-street, on the Monday following, with a constable. I enquired for the prisoner's sister, as I was informed she was there with her sister. The lady belonging to the house informed me her sister was gone to the play, and would not return till about eleven o'clock.
Did you find the prisoner there?
No; I found her at No. 22, in Crown-court, Little Russel-street, Drury-lane, in consequence of an information I had received, about half after two o'clock that night. The constable, John Godfrey , went up stairs about ten minutes before me.
Did you see the things there which you had lost?
Yes, they were in the dining-room, and the prisoner in the bed-room when I saw her. I put the things in the box and delivered them into the possession of the constable Godfrey.
I am a constable (producing the goods mentioned in the indictment) I got these at No. 22, Crown-court, Russel street. They have been in my possession ever since. When I went up stairs the prisoner was just going to step
into bed. In the first floor I believe it was. There was no person else in the room at the time. I said to her, you know Mr. Turner, I dare say. She made me no answer. I said, you are my prisoner. I said some of these gowns belong to Mr. Turner. She immediately went and fetched the greatest part of them but not all. I said bring me what you have taken from Mr. Turner. She brought me the greatest part of them.
What did she say when you said that was not all?
She said she believed it was all. I found some white petticoats under the bed; which are a part of the things produced. I found a child's coral in the fore-room and the watch was in her bed-room. There was a set of castors in the fore-room. She had nothing to say for herself. I went up with Mrs. Kirkman and her sister; I thought she would get admittance sooner than I; I desired Mrs. Kirkman to tap at the door; her sister went with me. Then Mrs. Kirkman told her, Sukey, you have brought me into a great deal of trouble, for the constable insisted on taking me into custody if I had not found you. The prisoner said nothing.
The prisoner was my servant; she came on a Friday, and on the next Friday morning she went away.
Had you any character with her when you hired her?
Yes; from her aunt, whose name is Yeates; she lives at Knightsbridge. I believe they are people who live upon their fortune. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) I saw them at Litchfield-street office, on the Tuesday after she was taken. (They were produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutrix.) The bureau in which I had put the money was locked; the keys were taken out of my pockets which lay by my bedside; for I remember perfectly well putting them in my pocket. There were likewise a few shillings in silver and a pocket piece taken out of my pocket. I know this pocket piece to be the same I had.
The watch produced is mine; the spring is broke, and there is the hounds and hare on the plate of it; I am sure it is mine.
I have nothing to say; I have no witnesses. I am but seventeen years of age.
