On the 7th of November about half after nine o'clock at night, the prisoner, and another person, who had very much the appearance of a gentleman, came into the warehouse to me at the Castle and Falcon; they asked me if the Nottingham waggon went from thence? I told them it did not; I believed it went from the Bell, in Wood-street, but was not certain. I had no suspicion from their appearance, therefore did not narrowly watch them. I believe I might turn round to the desk again, and did not look at them all the while they were in the warehouse. They hesitated a little and then asked me some more questions. I turned again to look at them; I missed the prisoner out of the warehouse; the other was there. I was going to step to the door to see where the prisoner was; the other rather put himself in my way to hinder me.
You had some little suspicion when you missed the prisoner?
It might be more curiosity than suspicion. When the other put himself in my way, that gave me a suspicion; I believe the person who was left in the warehouse said something to me as I passed him; I got to the door and saw the prisoner going down the yard with two boxes tied together in his hand. I catched him by the collar and asked where he was going with the boxes? To the best of my remembrance his answer was, to the Bull and Mouth. When I had got him by the collar Mr. Harris and Mr. Mott came up. I delivered the prisoner into their care. They took the boxes into the warehouse; they were two little boxes tied together, and directed to Mr. Barker of Grantham; I had seen them in the warehouse not many minutes before; they were within two yards of me. The prisoner was taken into the tap-room. When the constable came the boxes were delivered into his care.
Do not you recollect I bid you a good night, and you bid me good night?
I recollect no such thing.
How long was he in the warehouse?
I fancy not five minutes.
Mott seems much enraged, because he has been hurt in losing a deal of property; I myself am innocent of what I am charged with; I went into the warehouse to ask a question; when I came out I bid Mr. Foy good-night (it is impossible for a person to take two such boxes out of such a warehouse undiscovered) when I came out they lay in my way; I moved them, as any body else might have done.
