I took the prisoner about half after eight o'clock on Saturday morning the 23d of December. I came out of a gate of my father's yard, who is a dyer, in Gosswell-street , and I saw the prisoner and another man take the woollen cloth. Daniel shoved it into a bag.
Where was the bag?
In the middle of the street. I came up to them and asked the prisoner if he belonged to that cart? He said yes. There was a cart standing by. I saw part of it come out of the cart. I went about five yards farther, and heard the other man bid him lift the bag on his shoulder. He did so, and shut the cart door. Then I went up to the prisoner again and asked him where he was going with the cart? He said to Watkins's, the dyer. I asked him where that was. He gave no answer to that; then I suspected he did not belong to the cart, and took him into custody. I asked where the carman was? He said at the publick-house, and he would fetch him. I said he should not, and took him about twenty yards up my father's yard, and I met the carman and asked if he had lost a wrapper? He went to the cart, and said he had. I told him to go up the street and he would overtake the other man. He did, but could not meet with him; he got clear off with the goods. I told him I saw the prisoner take the things out of the cart.
Did you see me take the things out of the cart?
Yes; it was all in one piece. I saw part of it come out of the cart and he pushed it into the bag.
On the 23d of December I lost thirty yards of woollen cloth out of my cart. I saw it in the cart when I went into Mr. Seward's yard. I went up to ask a question. There was a load of hay, I could not get my cart up the yard; coming back I met the last witness; he asked me if I had lost any thing? I went to the cart, and missed the cloth. He said he saw two men putting it into a black bag, and that one of them was gone up Compton-street, opposite the yard, and the other he had secured. I ran up Compton-street after the man and made enquiry, but could hear nothing of him.
The other man stopped me and asked me to help him up with the bag. I know nothing of it. I helped him up and he went away with it. This man came up and stopped me. He would not stop the man who had the property.
To Mulgrave. What did he say when he was charged with it?
He flatly denied that he knew any thing of it.
