I produce a note of hand which I received of the prisoner, about the 14th of January, 1785, I am a watchmaker.
How came you to receive it?
The prisoner gave me orders for goods to the\\ amountof 60 l. or 70 l. in which he gave me this in part of payment for goods he took away, they were not all compleated when he took some of them away; prior to his giving me this bill, I had been in company with him two or three times, it was ready drawn, and a letter came with it with recommendations, signifying Mr. Buckley wished me to use him well; at the time he delivered the note to me, the acceptance was upon it, the letter came to me sealed up, I opened it, and read it before him, it did not inclose the note, I do not recollect now whether the note was inclosed in the letter, or whether it came separate.
I am clerk to Mr. John Buckley, he lives in Bermondsey-street, No. 266.
Is there any other Mr. John Buckley , in Bermondsey street?
No.
Did he live there in December 1785?
Yes.
Look at that bill and that acceptance, is that your master's hand?
No, my Lord, I have seen this bill before, I am confidently sure.
Was you his only clerk at his house at that time?
Yes, his brother who acts as clerk, is James Buckley .
Do you know whether that was his brother's writing or your writing?
No, it is not, it was not accepted by the house.
How long have you lived with Mr. Buckley?
Two years, the 4th of next June.
Mr. Buckley is in a great way of business?
Yes.
How many clerks does he keep?
Only me and his brother, I was never allowed to accept any of his bills, but his brother does, by procuration, sometimes accept bills for him.
How are you employed in the house?
As clerk keeping his books; and going out with bills for acceptance.
How many offices have you in this house?
only one Compting-house.
Is not the Compting-house divided into several parts?
There is a partition lately made, Mr. Buckley sits on one side of the desk, and I on the other, the partition does not separate us.
Does Mr. Buckley do much of the business himself, or does he leave it chiefly to his brother and you?
He does it chiefly himself.
Who takes the accounts mostly?
I take all the accounts of bills, I keep them myself, go with them for acceptance, and bring them back, they go chiefly through my hands.
The writing part of the business is done chiefly by yourself and his brother?
Yes, in keeping the books, and entering the bills.
Then Mr. Buckley does not write much in the compting-house?
Not in entering bills, but accepting and addressing bills to his bankers.
You do not of course often see him write?
Frequently see him write some business that we contract together, I am obliged to see him write his name, for instance, at the Custom-house, when he contracts for wool; Mr. John Buckley I speak of, Mr. James is lame, and never goes out.
There is a number on that bill, 2398?
Yes.
Who was the bill presented to you by?
The prisoner.
Was the bill, at the time it was presented, the same figures and words you see there?
I cannot say as to this number, I do not know it was there, for any thing I know this bill came to me in the same shape it is now, except the indorsement.
Where has it been ever since?
I paid it away to a gentleman in the city, and it came back to me from that gentleman I paid it to.
Is that gentleman here?
No, I indorsed it before I paid it, my indorsement is here now.
Was you paid any part of the 60 l. or 70 l.?
I had this bill for 28 l. part of it.
I submit they have not set out the same bill that is in the indictment, they are bound to set it out as it is here.
It is stated in the indictment as it was presented to him.
I have nothing to say in respect to the bill, any further than I am totally innocent of it, I never saw Benjamin Ward in my life on the business.
Are you perfectly sure of the prisoner?
Yes, I am quite sure of him, I had been in his company three or four times before that.
