I went into the Royal Oak in St. Giles's , on the 30th of October, between twelve and one o'clock at noon, to have a pint of beer, and I fell in company with a woman, who was writing a letter. We talked about the different coins of money. I took out a guinea. I having drank the beer, turned the pot up and laid the guinea upon it. The prisoner immediately flew to the guinea, and chucked it into her mouth. I got hold of her by the arm, and held her till I got an officer, but I never got my guinea again.
Did you search her mouth?
No; I was afraid she would bite my fingers.
I was driven into this publick-house in order to shelter myself from the rain. I had occasion to write a letter to my mother; as I was writing this letter, this person came in, and called for a pint of beer; I finished my letter, and sealed it. He pressed me to drink, and we fell into conversation concerning the American affairs; the conversation turned on the currency of notes. The prosecutor pulled out this guinea and laid it on the bottom of the pint pot, and the prisoner immediately came and took it, and put it in her mouth.
This woman asked me to come to this publick-house to fetch her things to wash; I went to the publick-house. A man was drinking with her; he asked me to drink. He pulled out something and put on the bottom of the pint pot, and said that he would shew us a trick we never saw in our lives, that it should come through the pot, and there should be no hole in the pot. As I was in the publick-house, he came to me, and said I had taken a guinea from under the pint pot. He felt in my mouth. I know nothing of it. She wanted me to wash her things for her. She had been out all night, and got her things dirty. He pulled out his watch to shew me that it went upon diamonds. I never heard such a thing in my life; I did not know what a diamond was. I had the watch several times in my hand; if I had been a thief I might have taken it; and so had the woman the watch several times.
To the Prosecutor. Were there any slight-of-hand tricks done?
I know nothing about any such thing.
Is it true?
No.
