I am a watch-maker . On the 4th of September, about twelve o'clock or a little after, while I was at dinner, the prisoner came into the shop, and said he wanted to buy some watches. He spoke it very well in English. I got up as quick as I could, and went to the window where the watches were. He said he wanted a good watch for his own pocket. I gave him one out of my pocket. He took it, examined it, laid it down, and asked the price of it. I told him it was five guineas, and I should give him a brief; that was, that I would warrant it. He laid it down, and said it would do, and he wanted half-a-dozen more. I told him I had not half-a-dozen ready, but if he would call in two hours, he should have them. He said, No; he could not call in two hours; he must have them then; he had the money in his pocket to pay for them. Thinking him a customer, I endeavoured to make up the half dozen for him, and sat down to get them ready. While I was getting them ready, I saw him put his hand on the show-glass, and take up something; I did not know what. Then I let him stand about five minutes, to see if he would put his hand in his pocket, that I might be a better judge if he had stolen any thing. I asked him what he had in his hand. He put his hand in his pocket, and said it was his tobacco-box. I told him I was certain he had taken something off the window, and I must see it. He then put his hand in his other pocket, and took his tobacco-box out. I told him that was not what I wanted, that I wanted what was in his other pocket. He then took out this watch-case, and threw it down on the board. He asked me then what I wanted with him, for he had nothing of mine. I sent for an officer. He told the officer I had put the case into his pocket: he said that in very plain English. He was taken into custody, and searched at a public-house in East-Smithfield; and this watch was found tied up in the flap of his shirt, between his legs. Before I took up the watch, I described the marks upon it.
I am servant to the governor of the house of correction. The prisoner was put into my custody. I searched him, and found this watch in the tail of his shirt.
To the Prosecutor. Might he not take the watch and case together, when you saw him take something?
No; because the watch hung up in the window. He must take it while I went from the window to the counter.
I am a Danish seaman: I have been but five weeks in this country.
