I am a milk-man . I was drinking in company with the gentlewoman at the bar some time last month. I was coming by her house, at Bluefields, she was sitting at the window. She asked me to come in. I staid there, I believe, about half an hour; then we went to the King's Arms in Sun Tavern-fields; we staid there about an hour; from thence we went to the halfway-house; we staid there about half an hour; from thence we went to the Three Cranes at Mile-end ; we did not stay there above half an hour.
I suppose at all these places you drank pretty freely?
Yes.
Then I may fairly suppose that you was very drunk?
Yes, I was very much so.
When had you the watch last?
At the Three Cranes; I am clear of that.
You are clear, why you was so drunk you could not know any thing that passed?
I am certain I had it there, because I took it out to look at at that place.
Drunk as you were can you positively swear that?
Yes, I will swear, that when I had looked at it I put it into my pocket.
Was any body else in the room?
It was in a publick tap-room; there were several other people there but not in my company.
Did you sit near any body?
No.
When did you part with the prisoner?
Between ten and eleven o'clock; they took charge of her there; the watch was found upon her person.
How came you to miss it?
I did not miss it, the people in the room saw her take it.
How long have you known this young woman?
By sight eight or nine years.
You used often to drink tea with her?
No. I used to go and see her, but not very often.
You knew where she lived and you and she where in habits of intimacy?
No.
But you used to pay her a civil visit now and then?
Yes.
You used often to see her?
No.
Have you been there a dozen times in your life?
Yes, I may have been.
Finding you could not put the watch into your pocket yourself did not you desire her to take care of it?
I did not.
Was you sober enough to recollect that circumstance?
Yes.
Did not she say immediately here is the watch which this man, who knows me well, has given me to take care of?
It is no such thing.
Did she say so?
She did not.
Whether she did not when the constable came say that?
She said she had a right to it.
What did she say her right was?
They questioned her to know whether I was her husband? She said, no; but she had a right to take care of it.
Did not she say that right was because you had given it her to take care of?
No; she did not say so.
Will you take upon you to swear you did not give it her?
Yes.
You was very drunk?
Yes, but I am clear in it I did not do it.
You knew her, and had been above a dozen times at her house?
I do not know that I have.
Perhaps only eleven times, but you have been there often?
Perhaps too often.
You knew her husband too?
Yes.
We should not have heard any thing of this prosecution, I believe, if the husband had not threatened you for taking his wife from him?
I did not take his wife from him.
Did not the husband threaten to bring an action against you for seducing his wife?
Yes.
And is not that the reason for your bringing this prosecution?
Yes, it is.
Gentlemen of the jury you will acquit the prisoner.
