On the 28th of June, about half past ten, or wanting twenty minutes to eleven o'clock at night, I was coming with my wife from South-street, Grosvenor-square. Going down Lower Grosvenor-street . I saw a man within ten yards of me: there are, at that part of the town, two lamps, besides the parish lamps, at every door almost: he drew a knife, put it near my breast, and said, God b - st your eyes, your life or your money! I was not so much alarmed as I think I should be if such a thing should happen again: my wife had hold of my right arm; I snatched my arm from her, and immediately pushed him; he went from the cart into the coach-way. The first words I said, I believe, was, You murderous villain, you! and I immediately halloo'd out, Watch! Murder! or whatever I thought of in that situation. He still fronted me; I struck at him, which was very imprudent, for it was only with this light cane, and hit him: when he found my weapon could not hurt him, he immediately pointed the knife at me again: I still kept hallooing as before. Then I saw him look up towards Grosvenor-square, and down the street; and then he took to his heels. I pursued him as fast as I could, crying out Stop thief! he ran down Davis-street, and into a mews which is called Brooks's-mews; the most favourable means for an escape that could be. I still halloo'd; and, by this time, somebody attempted to stop him; however he could not: he then got into the mews; I still pursued him: there happened to be a person at the bottom of the mews, who heard the cries, and saw him run; he laid hold of him: I might, at this time, be thirty yards from him, for he could run faster than me: there he was secured.
Was he ever out of your sight, from the time he stopped you till he was secured?
He turned two corners.
Are you certain he is the man?
I am very sure he is.
When you turned the corners after him, and got sight of him again, how far had he ran?
About thirty yards. After he was secured, I went up to him, and took him to the watch-house. When I got there, I said to the constable of the night, You will please to observe this; I will give you two distances, and between those distances you may find a knife, if you will let your watchman go by day-light. The watchman found a knife, as I understood, the next morning.
What were the distances you gave him?
I fancy it might be from Lord Boston's door, to the mews at the back of Lord Hertford's: the ground is about 300 yards.
You gave him the whole length, to look for the knife?
Yes, as near as I could guess. I have to make one remark, which I hope your Lordship will consider in favour of the prisoner: all this time he never put the knife to my wife, or attempted to hurt her; which I would wish to be considered as a favourable circumstance.
Had he the same clothes on then that he has now?
I do not think it is the same coat: I am certain to his face and size.
I am the wife of the prosecutor. On the 28th of June last, as my husband and I were coming through Grosvenor-street, the prisoner came up to my husband, and demanded his life or his money. My husband pushed him off the pavement upon the cross-way, and made a stroke at him with a little cane he has in his hand. As soon as the man found the weight of the cane, he made a push to my husband again with the knife. He ran away. My husband cried, Murder! and thieves! and pursued him.
Are you certain he is the person?
It was under two lamps, and it was a remarkable light night: I am certain he is the man.
I am servant to the Hon. Capt. Wyndham. My master was out of town. I came to town upon business. Going to bed, at the bottom of Brook's-mews, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running, with another person behind him, about twenty yards off: Mr. Johnson, I suppose, might be between thirty and forty yards off. I put my hand upon the man's collar; he said, I have done no harm; I have no knife about me.
Who was the person that was running immediately after him?
Mr. Smith.
Was any body else running besides the prisoner, Johnson, and Smith?
Yes; there were, I believe, about half-a-dozen behind them. There was nobody between the prisoner and Johnson but Smith. We found the sheath of a butcher's knife in the prisoner's pocket, in the watch-house.
I heard they had been seeking for a knife. I found this knife in the mews, just against Lord Hertford's cistern (producing a large butcher's knife.)
Is that the knife?
It appeared to me to be a long knife.
I had been with some friends: I was drinking; and was rather in liquor: I went part of the way home with them. Returning home again, I tumbled against this gentleman; and he shoved me off, and halloo'd out, and said I wanted to rob him. I went away: he cried, Stop thief! and they stopped me. The gentleman was agreeable to let me go for a soldier: I told him I was a soldier. Then the justice committed me to Bridewell.
