I was coming through Widegate-alley the 29th of last August, and in the middle of it the prisoner stopped me, as she was going up a few steps into the house, it was from three to four in the afternoon; she had a cup and saucer in her hand; she said I believe I know you, I want to speak to you; I said I believe you have the advantage of me, I am lately come from the West Indies; she said will you walk up? I did; there was another woman who went out; she asked me to drink a dish of tea, I was going home to dinner, but by persuading I did drink a dish of tea with her, and she asked me a question which I thought was not very genteel; and I said I could not stay now, I would call again in the evening; I gave her 6 d. and called again in the evening, and then there was another woman in the apartments; she said she is not within, but she will return in a few minutes; I staid about eight or ten minutes, and the prisoner came in; she said will you give me a glass of gin? I said, young woman I am not used to drink gin, but if you chuse any I will give you some, and I gave 6 d. to the other party; in the mean time she asked me a favour, and I thought it was not very genteel; I told her I was not that way given, I was lately come from the West Indies, but if she would chuse to alter her condition in life, I would take a private lodging to take her out of that bad way of life, to take care of my little property; I gave her a shilling to keep her at home that evening, and away I went; I came the next day, and she was at home, and we went to get a furnished lodging, and brought what few things I had into the apartments; we lived there to the 14th of September: in the morning I awaked between six and seven, I missed the prisoner, and looked round where my watch hung, and that was gone; then I got up, and I went to put on my shoes, I then missed my buckles and my stockings, I wear two pair, coming from a hot country; I went to my chest in the room, and I missed all my linen and every thing I had in the apartment; I put on my clothes, and my purse, in which was a dollar and nineteen shillings in silver, was gone; my purse was found on the prisoner; she was very intimate with a neighbour in the next room, I knocked there, the husband came, I said is your wife at home? he said no; I went to the house where I first saw the prisoner, and I asked, whether she was within? a woman said no, but two women has been here, and one had a bundle; I went home again; I asked what to do; he said there was an officer next door, better call to him; between nine and ten in the morning the officer and myself was standing at the street door, the lodger's wife came in, and I followed her, and gave charge of her on suspicion; she said I will tell you where some of your property is; she took us to the pawnbrokers, there I found several shirts, handkerchiefs and stockings, and stocks and breeches, and one article or another; they found the prisoner in Cock-lane, Smithfield, on the 17th; the two pawnbrokers are here; the prisoner said, when she was taken up, for God's sake do not hurt me! I said you did not think of that when you took my property away from me.
I am journeyman to Mr. Masters in Holborn, on the 14th of September I took in a metal box watch with a silver outside case, for 12 s. of the prisoner at the bar: I never saw her before; I know she is the same person; I saw her after that; she came to sell the watch, I said it would not suit me.
When did she come to sell the watch?
I cannot say whether it was one day or two after she pledged it, I took very particular notice of her person because we always do; she said she lived at No. 17, Brooks-street, Holborn; I said it would not suit me to purchase it. (The watch produced.
What sort of a watch was yours?
It was a pinchbeck box, and the outside case silver, I do not know the number nor maker's name; I bought it at Jamaica; I had a main spring put in at Plymouth; you will find the maker's name in Plymouth, I never took so much notice; I cannot read very well; the nob of it is decayed, and you must push it very hard before you can open it.
I have various articles, shirts, stockings, breeches, waistcoats, &c. I took them of the prisoner between the 1st. and 14th of September; the prisoner pledged a handkerchief with me for 8 d. she asked me for trust, I told her it was not customary to give trust, but if she had a mind to leave any thing it would answer the same purpose; she said I am surprized you should doubt my word; I said you are a stranger to me, I neither know Mr. Cardosa nor you: she pledged it for 8 d. and laid out 7 d. in the shop, the greatest part of the other things were left for the same purpose, the prisoner particularly observed to me, that she did not wish to trouble Mr. Cardosa for money; she would pledge things for breakfast; these things she said were for common necessaries.
Did you give her necessary articles for these things?
I have not taken in a single article but what was for the common necessaries of life.
What did this woman and you live upon, during the time you were at this lodging?
Every morning I gave her a shilling or two, or eighteen-pence, I have my friends where I put up at, in St. Mary Axe.
Upon your oath did you supply this woman with money sufficient to keep the house?
Yes, besides washing my things, I have given her 2 s. at a time to hire a person to assist her in the washing; I used to allow her a shilling or 18 d. when I went out in the morning, I did not come home till nine or ten in the evening; the things are my own property, here is not a quarter of them.
Before I met this man, my husband and I had a few words, I met the prosecutor, he followed me home, he asked me if I lived there, I said yes, I asked him to drink tea, he said he would call again, he came in the evening; I told him my husband and I had had a few words, and I agreed to live with him; he came the next day and he asked me to take a lodging, and I did not chuse it without he was present; we took an apartment of Mr. Manning, I found he could not support me with necessaries; he would not allow a support, he said he did expect to receive some money, but being rather short, I was welcome to pledge any thing; I pledged these things at Mr. Harrison's; he partook of the whole, the prosecutor came home and said he was short of money, and bid me take the watch and pawn it for two guineas, I thought it very hard to be destitute, and I would not give him the money I pledged it for; when he found I was gone, he took the opportunity of swearing against me here.
Whose house was this that you lodged at?
They lodged at my house.
Who is John Madan ?
That is a wrong name put in by the officer.
How long did these people lodge at your house?
The woman a fortnight, and the man a month; they lived as man and wife, they took the lodgings as such.
Did he supply her with necessaries and money for housekeeping?
I am unacquainted with that I assure you,
What did you call this witness to prove, young woman?
The prosecutor lost his watch that he bought in the West-Indies, and he bought this watch in London, I heard him say so.
