On this day fortnight, the 30th of August, being at dinner, between the hours of three and four, with my sister, in the parlour, the man was in the other parlour, I heard one of my maids cry out thieves! and another murder! I got up and opened the parlour door; the street door was open. Somebody had ran out. My man had jumped out of the parlour window after the man who was found in the house; and I went after him. My man cried stop thief! all the way he went, and there was an uproar in the street. I did not see the prisoner as he had turned the corner before I got out. I saw him afterwards at a publick-house. The window at which he came in was almost eight feet from the ground; it is my dressing-room; I had been robbed at that window before.
Did you see the prisoner at the publick-house?
Yes, he went down on his knees and begged my pardon. They said he had snapped a pistol; I looked at it, and said it was mine; it was taken out of my drawer. I saw one pistol taken from him.
On the 30th of August between three and four o'clock, the maid servant coming up stairs past my master's dressing-room, she called out here is a man! My master was then at dinner; the dressing-room door was open; I went into that room; I saw the flap of a brown coat hanging across the bottom part of the window-frame; I got on the table which stood near the window; I went to the window and saw a man about four or five yards from it on the opposite side, running, in the same coloured coat I had seen in the window. I jumped out and called stop thief! several times; he ran up Wormwood-street, where I saw Mr. West stop him. When I came up to him his arm was extended, with a pistol of my master's in his hand; Mr. West took it from him. I picked up a cloak off the ground, near the prisoner, which belonged to Miss Messman, who was at dinner with my master. The prisoner was taken to a publick-house; he begged he might not be prosecuted, for the sake of his mother.
I was going along Wormwood-street, rather before four in the afternoon; there was a cry of stop thief! I turned round and saw the prisoner running with a pistol in his hand, as he turned the corner of Broad-street, about an hundred yards up Wormwood-street, I knocked him down and wrenched the pistol out of his hand; I held him down till another gentleman came up, and found the other pistol in his pocket. The cloak was found under his coat. One of the pistols has a ball in it, the other has none.
This is my cloak; I had hung it on the back of a chair in Mr. Giles's dressing room.
I saw the prisoner in my master's dressing-room; I am certain he is the man; he was between the drawers and the table; I was not more than four yards from him. I saw him again the day after he was taken, and knew him immediately.
What was he doing when you saw him?
Putting something into his pocket; I do not know what. I alarmed the house.
As I was going through Broad-street I saw these things lie on the ground; I picked them up; I saw a man running before me; I ran after him. When I got into Wormwood-street I was knocked down.
To West. Was he in liquor or sober?
I believe he was sober.
