Sir Joseph Banks 's house was broke open at Smallberry Green , in the parish of Hesson, on Monday morning, the 14th instant; it was an empty house; it was the outhouse that was broke open behind the barn, adjoining to the barn; the dwelling house is on one side, and the stable and barn on the other side, joined by a brick wall.
Are they under the same roof, or do they adjoin otherwise than by a wall?
No, there is a yard between them; there is a pair of great gates at each end of the yard, and the yard is between this place and the dwelling-house; the door had been nailed up, I saw it two or three days before it was broke open.
Do you know what was taken out of it?
Only half a bushel of potatoes out of that place, there were a shovel, spade and a pick axe were laid out of the door.
I am servant to Sir Joseph Banks ; last Monday night about twelve o'clock, I heard a great lumbering in the stable, I went up to the door, and it was wide open, it was shut in the evening, and was latched, not locked; I stopped there a minute or two, I heard nothing; I shut the door, and the window was broke by a person attempting to get out, and presently the prisoner looked through the window; but when I went to the window he drew back and came out at the door, I took him in the yard against the house: I found nothing on him.
Do you know any thing about the shed that adjoins to the barn, was that open?
That was broke open, I nailed it up myself; and there was about half a bushel of potatoes put into a bag, they were not carried off, they were laid on the outside of the door: after I had taken the prisoner and put him into a house, I saw a shovel, and pick-axe, and spade laying at the door, they used to lay behind the door; the prisoner said, he only got into the stable for a lodging; I asked him whether he broke open the door, he did not deny it, but said, he got in for a night's lodging.
Did this man work for your master?
Last summer in hay-making, I know no more of him than that.
Did he lay in the house, or any whereabout the house when he made the hay?
No, he lives about two fathom off, at Smallberry-Green.
Did you go with the last witness, Stephens?
Yes.
Is the account he has given, true?
Yes.
I had been from home five weeks, the parish officers wanted to press me, they said I had been at sea, which is false; I have no witnesses; they knocked me down as I was passing by; I have a wife and four children, I am thirty years of age.
