The prisoner lived servant with me about a year and ten months. For a great while I thought her exceeding honest; she left my service on the 12th of June, at that time we had lost a vast number of things of value; my wife looked in her box and found a number of things; upon which I sent her about her business; that was on the 12th of June; none of those things are mentioned in this indictment. When I heard she was taken up for Mr. Walker's affair, I went and looked in her box and found the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) that was the 28th of February; she had been in Bridewell some time before I heard of it; I did not know where to find her before. My wife knows the things better than I do; there is a waistcoat of mine.
How long has that waistcoat been lost?
I cannot tell.
It may have been lost two or three years?
It may be two years, I believe; this waistcoat is mine, but I cannot swear to it.
You do not know that this waistcoat was in your possession any part of the time she was in your service?
I do not.
Do you know of any quarrel between her and your wife?
None at all; she shewed the greatest lenity to her, or I should have prosecuted her at that time.
When she left your house you did not mean to prosecute her?
Not at that time; not till afterwards, when I missed a great number of things, and of great value.
I lost the things, at different times, that were found in the prisoner's box; I do not know as to the day or the week when I lost them.
Are there any marks on them?
I do not know that there are any particular marks, only they are things that I made and used and had in my possession; there is a tucker that I cut out of a sprig muslin apron. I missed them during the time she was with me; this dimity waistcoat, to the best of my knowledge, I lost the beginning of last summer; I missed it before she left my service; to the best of my knowledge it is my husband's; he told me it was his; he had not worn it for many years; I brought it down to make a bed-gown of it, that makes me remember it (looks over all the things) I lost such things as these, I believe them to be mine.
All these things were missed while she was in your service?
They were.
As she remained in your service after these things were missed, why did not you take her up?
I was a long while before I suspected her.
Why did not you prosecute her?
Because I was a great fool.
Then eight months after you were grown a great deal wiser. Upon your oath have you ever had a quarrel with her?
Never.
Did not she say something that affected your reputation?
Never to me, of me, nor in our house, while she was with us; she said something that I heard of a day or two before she was taken up.
How came you to hear where she was?
By means of a coachman, who was husband to a person in Mr. Walker's house, and had been coachman to a person in our house, who came to enquire if we had given this woman a character to Mr. Walker.
Should you have prosecuted her if you had not heard that she had said something disrespectful of you?
I believe I should not.
I found these things in the prisoner's box.
Did she say any thing about them?
No.
I had the things before I went to live at that house; the waistcoat was my father's, I brought it out of the country with me; the snuff box and row of garnetts were given to me.
