I keep a cart to carry goods from Oxford to London . I lost a wicker-basket out of my cart; the basket was delivered to me in Oxfordshire to carry. I did not at that time know what it contained. Mr. Shee, the next witness, detected the prisoner.
On the 14th of last month, as I was coming along princes-street , I saw a cart standing there; I observed the prisoner and another man walking round the cart. It struck me that they intended to rob it; they saw me stop, upon which they crossed over the way and sat down upon a bench at a publick-house. I then went on a little way. I looked back and saw them both get up and go to the cart, and I saw the prisoner take the basket out of the cart. I went up to him; he had the basket upon his back; I said I am afraid this does not belong to you; he said it was his. He immediately let it down, and I took hold of it. The prisoner then put his hand in his pocket; I was apprehensive he was feeling for some instrument to do mischief. I struck him over the head with a stick I had in my hand; he did not fall, but ran away along King-street; just as he got into Gerard-street, I secured him. I found afterwards that the carrier was this Richard Walker
Did you quit your cart in Princes-street?
Yes. I just stopped to to leave some butter at one Mr. Sadgrave's, in Princes-street. When I came back to my cart there were some people about it who said it had been robbed. My basket was brought back to me; but who the person was that brought it I do not know.
Was any other basket missing from your cart but the one which you say contained these things?
No.
Are you sure that the basket, which was brought back, was the same that was missing from your cart?
Yes, it was; I knew it both by the basket and the direction which was upon it; it was directed to Mr. Mitchell, in Brick-lane. The prisoner and the basket were taken before the magistrate, there the basket was opened, and it contained the things mentioned in the indictment.
I searched the prisoner when he was brought to the justice's, and found a picklock key and a razor (producing them) in his pocket
I was coming past this cart; a man was standing by it; he said to me how far are you going? I said as far as Covent-garden. He said if I would carry the basket for him to the Barley-Mow, in Drury-lane, he would give me a shilling. I took the basket; this gentleman came up; he asked me no questions but knocked me down. He said I had stolen the basket; I said I had not, for a person had given it to me to carry to Drury-lane.
