I am shop-man to Mr. Ralph Steele , I gave this cloak, and its fellow to Mrs. Elizabeth Carpenter , our cloak-maker, it was either the 21st or 22d of last April, to make up for the shop; I received them from her the next morning; one of them was sold to a person that lives in Prince's-street; we never saw the o ther cloak, we supposed it to be stolen; and there was a duplicate found upon the prisoner of the cloak.
Did you put it into the drawer?
It was put in when it was brought home, the last I saw of it, it was pinned on a pettycoat, at the shop door, that was last Thursday week; last Wednesday I missed it; a duplicate was brought to our house, by a person employed by Sir Sampson Wright, and I went to the pawnbroker, Mr. Parker, in Prince's-street, where we found the cloak, which Mr. Parker has; the prisoner was taken up last Tuesday night; I remember the face of the prisoner, but I do not know where I have seen him.
Last Tuesday night, I was out with two or three more, and coming by the King's-head, Bear-street, Leicester-fields, there is a house which is reckoned a disorderly one, by the office; and I heard a voice say, I wish the traps would come, and take you all away; I knocked at the door, and a man opened it, and I found this duplicate on the prisoner, there were two more men besides him, and four or five girls, and one was locked in the closet; the next day, I went to Mr. Parker's to see the cloak.
How did you know by this duplicate where to go?
The prisoner told me, he said, his girl gave him the cloak, I asked him where she lived, he said, she was dead, I went round to the shops, and left a bill, and found out Mr. Steel's.
This cloak I received of the prisoner at the bar, I think I have seen him before.
Had he ever pawned any thing with you before?
I do not recollect he had.
What account did he give you of the cloak?
He said, he had just purchased it for his wife.
What account did he give of himself?
He said, he should take it out again; he said, his name was Davis, and he lived in Macclesfield-street; he said, he gave two guineas for it, I believe it is new.
Did not you wonder he should pawn it as soon as he had purchased it?
No, my Lord, he said, he had just purchased it, and he did not know he should want the money,
and he gave two guineas for it, and he should have it out again in a few days; I am perfectly sure he is the man that pawned it, I took it in.
Is there any mark upon it?
Not that I know of.
I am positive of it, that this the cloak, that I carried to Mr. Steele, I know it by my own making.
A woman came to me in February last, that I knew for ten years, she was big with child, she said, she was going lay-in, in the hospital, and she had brought a cloak, and she begged to leave it with me, I told her it would be very safe; I saw her no more, I was taken sick the next day, and on Monday, I got a little better, and I got out of my bed, and I heard she was dead; I went to see whether it was so or not, and she was dead; and I kept it till last week, and I went to pawn it at that gentleman's house, I wanted a guinea and half, he offered me 24 s. at last I took it, I thought I could get no more for it; as to his asking me any questions where I lived, he did not; there was a woman her name is Nancy Fielder , that saw her give me the cloak; all my friends were here yesterday; I am a Taylor.
Be cautious what you say, you know the consequence of speaking any thing but truth; who was this young woman?
When did she give him the cloak?
She had had it some time.
Do you know any thing of this young man?
No, only he was keeping company with this young woman.
Was there any thing particular by which you should know the cloak again if you saw it from any other cloak?
I cannot swear to the cloak.
You have informed the magistrates of the situation of this house?
I did, and they blamed me for not bringing the women.
I hope it will be remembered when licensing time comes.
