The prisoner was our servant , she lived with us upwards of sixteen months; I suspected her from a number of people calling on her; and about three weeks ago, on a Sunday evening, when I came home, I observed a light in the warehouse, and the prisoner was lifting up the cover heads of tobacco, whether she had taken any thing at that time I cannot say; a boy was attending her, and holding a candle; I took no notice to her then, I watched her more after; on the 5th of October, in the morning, I observed she had something in her apron bundled up, she unlocked a cupboard in the kitchen, and took her apron off; I went a riding to Hampstead, and came to breakfast; as I was coming down I met her a second time coming out of the shop with her apron bundled up, she said she had some candles in it, she took her apron off and laid it in a chair; I told her to fetch me a pair of stockings out of my room; she was a considerable time in setting off, and she took the apron and put it in a coal-hole close by the fire; I felt of it, and found it was tobacco; I asked her what was in it, she said nothing, but turned pale; I then spread it on the table; I afterwards sealed it up, and gave it to the constable.
Do you know that tobacco to be yours?
She told me she had taken it from out of one of the hogsheads in the warehouse.
What promises did you make her at that time?
None at all.
Not any?
Not at that time.
At some subsequent time you did, did not you?
I went up stairs afterwards; she came and set down in a chair, and said, Lord have mercy upon me! I said, pray Mary how often have you taken tobacco? let me know where you have disposed of it; she said, I never took any before, this was taken for a sick person; I said that was very improbable.
Are you sure, Sir, you did not make her some promises at the time?
Only that I did not know I should take any further notice of it.
Was that before she acknowledged taking it out of this hogshead?
It was after.
Please you, my Lord, I have a council to plead for me; I have not had time to send for any witnesses, they are in the country.
