I am a journeyman silversmith . I lodge in Berwick-court ; the prisoner lodged in the same house, on the same floor: she is a married woman. On Tuesday, the 7th of this month, my wife and I were out; I came home about eight o'clock, and found the door wide open, and missed three silver teaspoons, marked R. E. S. I went round that night among the pawnbrokers, and found the spoons pawned at Mr. Martin's for 3 s. When we were going to bed, we missed the sheet.
I am a pawnbroker. On Tuesday night, the 7th of May, a woman pawned these spoons with me for 3 s. in the name of Mary Davis . I cannot swear positively that the prisoner is the woman.
I am wife to the prosecutor. On Tuesday se'nnight, I went out about six o'clock; I double-locked the door, and put the key in my pocket. I came back before my husband; and was below, in my landlord's shop, when he came home, and gave him the key to open the door; and he found it lifted off the hinges. I missed three teaspoons, and a sheet off the bed.
We went out together; we met a chairman, who offered to treat us; and we went back to the prosecutor's room; we had some hot, and she sent me with the spoons to pawn.
Did you go out together?
Yes; she met with an acquaintance, and we went back again, and were at home about half an hour; then I went out again.
They sent me half-a-mile for the hot; and she made me take the key, and lock her and the man into the room together: when I came back, he gave me a shilling to go for another pot; and I locked them both in again; and when I came back, the door was broke open.
To Eliz. Sharp . Did the prisoner lock you and the chairman both in?
Yes; he was rude with me, and I called out at the window, and said I would not be locked in.
She sent me to pawn the spoons to get my cloak out, which I have on, because she wanted to borrow it, to go after some work in.
To Eliz. Sharp . Did the prisoner and you go together with the spoons to the pawnbroker's?
No; I said, if I wanted the cloak, I would go with the spoons to pawn myself.
I live at Mr. Martin's, in Oxford-road. The prisoner came with the spoons, between six and seven o'clock, on the 7th; I wrote the duplicate, and gave it her.
Are you sure that is the woman?
I cannot swear positively to her.
