I live in Portman-street . On the 2d of June, about half after ten o'clock at night, my daughter went up stairs to bed. The moment she got into her room she called out. I went up, and found the window open: it was a rainy night; I saw the print of a man's foot upon the table, and likewise upon the floor, and several things in the room were disturbed. Upon this I went immediately to the next house, to alarm them of the robbery; they went into their garrets, and found their garrets likewise had been robbed. There was an empty house next door to them. We sent for the key to search that house, and it was refused us. It was \"A house to let, enquire at No. 13, Orchard-street.\" We got a constable and two or three men, who got into the empty house through my neighbour's garret-window. As soon as the were in, they told me there were some goods. I desired them to secure the upper part of the house, that nobody might get out on the roof, and come down and let me in. I went in. We looked into every room; and, in the parlour, we found the prisoner behind the door; we secured him; and up stairs we found the goods. The maid's box was taken away; it was locked; we found the box broke open, and the things scattered: I took all the goods I could, and put them into that box: part of them were the property of Lady Rodney, and some were the property of my maid. Lady Rodney lives on the other side.
You did not lose any things of your own property?
No; they were my maid's. I went to Lady Rodney's in the morning. Next morning we went to the office in Litchfield-street, and the box was given to the constable. Some of the neighbours said they saw two persons on the roof, but they run away
Whether you found any thing upon me?
No.
You do not know whether the window of this room was shut before, of your own knowledge?
Only from what my daughter told me.
I am servant to Mr. Vezoin. The box and things were my property.
Did you go into the room with Miss Vezoin that night?
No; I do not recollect that I had been in the room that evening.
Had this box been in Miss Vezoin's room?
I do not recollect seeing it; but I dare say it was there in the morning.
Was the box locked?
It was.
That is the box found in the garret of the empty house.
Whether she saw me upon the house?
I never saw him till I saw him in Litchfield-street.
I am cook to Mrs. Vezoin. I was not in the room all that day, till Miss Vezoin called me in after ten o'clock, as I was going up to go to bed. I went into the room, and saw the mark of a man's foot in several parts about the room. I went by the room door about twenty minutes before seven in the evening; I could see the window; to the best of my knowledge, it was shut down; I did not take particular notice.
Did you particularly look at the window?
No.
Can you swear it was shut down?
I cannot swear one way or other.
About the 7th of June, at eleven o'clock at night, I heard people crying out, there were thieves broke into the houses. I went into the empty house; I went into the back parlour; I went to push against a door that goes into the yard; I found the door go heavy; I looked behind it, and found the prisoner sitting down; I took him by the collar; I called the watch, and gave charge of him. I went into the room, and found two bundles of things: I came down with the bundles, and sent the bundles and man to the watch-house.
I was by the last witness; I saw him take the prisoner.
I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and given in charge to me. I took an inventory of the things, and tied them up again. The next morning he was taken before the justice, and committed.
I got over the rails into this house, to see after the thieves: I was going into the yard, and they knocked me down; and, before I could recover myself, this man came and took me.
