I keep a little shop , and I carry about numbers of such articles as are in the indictment, to different places. I went into a publick-house; I met the prisoner; he bought of me a pair of sleeve-buttons; he then asked me if I should know him again? I said I had seen him before, and knew him. I went out of that publick-house with my bundle and left the prisoner in the house; he followed me; I went to the Three Tuns to see if I had any customers there who used to deal with me. I went in there; the prisoner went in before me. Finding no customers there, I came out and went to the Duke's-Head; the prisoner followed me. I asked him why he followed me? upon which he went away. I saw him afterwards in Tothil-street, with some women; I went along the street. When I came afterwards to a place called the Broad Sanctuary , the prisoner knocked me down. I had a bundle containing the things mentioned in the indictment in my hand; I fell with it in my hand. He ripped part of the seam in forcing it from me. When he had forced it from me he ran away. I got up and followed him crying stop thief! One William Batchelder stopped him, as he was going along. I was near enough to see Batchelder stop him for in fact I never lost fight of him, and he had the bundle at the time Batchelder stopped him.
I was coming along, near the Broad Sanctuary, at the end where the Old Gatehouse was, the prisoner passed by me with a bundle under his arm. Hearing a woman's voice calling out stop thief, a soldier with a bundle, I ran immediately to seize the soldier; when he found me near him he dropped the bundle; I did not stop to pick up the bundle but secured him immediately. The woman came up and picked up the bundle. He was carried before a magistrate, who committed him.
I was in that house; and the woman was in at the same time; she asked me to give her a glass of gin. I said I could not afford it. She asked me to buy something of her. I bought a pair of sleeve buttons for a penny; she asked me to toss up for a quartern of gin. I would not, but went out of the house directly; going home I recollected I should go to the washerwoman's for a shirt for the next morning. I ran back in haste; as I was running along the street, I ran against a woman who had a bundle upon her head, the bundle fell down; I continued running on till I heard the cry of stop thief, I turned round and asked what was the matter. They seized me, and said I had robbed the woman. I never had the bundle.
