I am a linen-draper , and keep a shop in Holborn ; on the 13th of November I missed the two callico printed gowns, and two diaper table-cloths; I had seen them a few hours before I missed them; the gowns were on the counter, they were not made up into gowns, but cut into gown lengths, the cloths tied up in a paper, they were left on a shelf that holds printed cottons; I lost them at that time, I saw them at the Justice's, I had not before seen the prisoner at the bar.
Was her examination taken in writing?
I believe it was; I suspected she received them from the women that took them; I can swear to the goods.
I live between Chancery-lane and Lincoln's-inn fields, in Holborn; I saw them goods about two hours before in the shop.
I live with my father, a hatter and hosier, in Holborn; on the 13th of November last, three women came into my father's shop; I followed three women; I supposed they were shop-lifters.
Was the prisoner one of them?
No; they crossed the way, just by Gray's inn-lane; there I saw the prisoner; then they joined at Staple's-inn-gate; they crossed from Gray's-inn-lane end to the opposite side to Staple's-inn-gate; two of them I saw put something into the prisoner's lap; I saw her receive it.
Do you know Lloyd's shop?
Yes; it was about five hundred yards from it when she received them.
It was at a considerable distance?
Yes.
I keep a shop, No. 26, in Holborn, near Gray's-inn-gate .
What do you know of the prisoner's taking?
I don't know who took them; I lost two pair of silk stockings, with my private mark upon them. I saw them about a quarter of an hour before she was brought back; I was up stairs in my dining room; it was about four o'clock in the evening, coming into the shop, the stockings were gone, two pair, what we call span silk, with private marks upon them, one mine, one my son's, and a paper of cotton caps, which were gone likewise; men's night-caps, all of which were found in the prisoner's possession; I saw them taken out of her apron, in my parlour; my son seized her, and found these things in her possession; she said somebody gave them to her; first she said, she picked them up, at the magistrate's she said somebody gave them to her.
It might be ten minutes before I missed them, I saw her; the constable has had the custody of the the things.
I was sent for to Williamson's, when I came I found these things in the prisoner's apron, I have had them in my custody ever since.
These stockings there have my private mark on them; I made it myself; this pair is my stockings.
They are my marks; the paper of night-caps I tied up not two minutes before.
The writing on the paper of caps is my hand writing.
Where do you live?
At No. 26, near Gray's-inn-gate, three doors from it; above it on the same side.
On the 13th of November I tied up this paper of caps, and went into the yard; not long after the maid called me; there were three women in the shop, I saw them go out; I did not see the prisoner in the shop, I saw her receive them together with other things.
You say you saw her receive them?
I did.
Where?
Just at Staples-inn-gate I stopt her, and asked her what she had got?
Gray's-inn-gate is above the bars?
Yes; and my father's is three doors from that.
I apprehend it to be several hundred yards from this place?
Yes.
Was it a hundred yards?
Yes.
She must be acquitted of this charge.
