I live at Kingsland, I am a cow keeper and farmer ; on Tuesday the 9th of October last, I had been to the play with my wife, and a gentleman and lady, at No. 52, in Cheapside, we stopped at a tavern and supped; while we were there, a fire broke out in the Strand; we went to it, staid some time, in Friday-street we parted with our company, before that a coach was called, we got into it, the coachman asked where he was to drive, I told him to Kingsland, he objected, I told him he might drive to Shoreditch church, and set us down there; he never stopped, but went on towards Kingsland; between Shoreditch church and the Fox, just by the two brick-kilns, the coach was stopped; I was rather in a dose, my wife said, here are thieves, I looked up, and saw a hanger of a symeter sort glittering; I immediately pulled out 16 guineas; in a moment the coach door opened, a man jumped in on my side, and demanded our money, I gave him 14 or 15 s. in silver.
Did you observe him particularly?
I could not discern his face, he was a tallish fellow, with an apron on, in an instant the other door opened, and a man jumped in on my wife's side, and demanded her money, and began to rifle her pockets, he started back and said, damn you, madam, what have you got here, he thought it was a pistol I suppose, she said, only my fan, he opened it and shut it, and gave it her again; I could not distinguish his features, he was in the coach, two without side I could discern; he searched me, and I had my gold in my hand; one said, damn him do him, he held the symeter to my throat, and I let the money fall about the coach, I saw the man that stood without side, put his hand into the coach, and pick up some of the guineas, I swore to him taking my hat, I said, for God's sake don't use us ill, one of them, that was Harford, said damn you, don't use any more bad names, and threatened to blow his brains out that did.
You mentioned the man's name on a former trial?
I mentioned Harford; the man said it is Mr. Allen and Mrs. Allen of Kingsland, I know them well, I believe he held my wife's hand, and squeezed it, and said Madam don't be frightened, you shall not be hurt, and said so to me; he said what have you lost, I said sixteen guineas; he said tell me ingeniously what you have lost; I said sixteen guineas, and he said to his companion if you don't find sixteen guineas I will do you before night, for I can take the gentleman's word; then they took and searched the front of the coach; those in the coach bid me and my wife get up, and go on the other side, and they searched that side, then we set with our backs to the horses when they went away; one took the hat which fell off, and they told the money; one said, damn you there lays a guinea; I put my foot upon it, as it was in the coach, they came back and pickt it up, it was light enough to see it; one of them bid the other give me the hat, and Hartford brought it back; then one asked for my wife's cardinal; I said no, they should have no cardinal; I asked them to pay the coachman, as they had got all my money; Fowler, that I remember, had a silk handkerchief on his face, let it down, the prisoner Fowler, I did not know his name at that time; he gave somewhat to the coachman; he let his handkerchief drop; I saw his face distinctly after it was as high as his mouth; I took particular notice of my wife looking at them all the time.
Did you see his face so fully you could swear to him?
Yes; he came round to my side by the horse's head; he took the hanger he had, I remarked it, he stood wantonly and jobbed the hanger into the pannel of the coach; it was black ivory or ebony handle, I remarked it was like an old sword with a black handle; he drove it in the pannel of the coach before it drove away; my wife said Lord what a lovely youth that is, he just resembles our boy we just buried; I said so he does, I saw him very plain, I saw him on the right side; they were ten minutes there; the robbery was done between two and three; our milkman coming he told us he met them, he gave us a sketch where to go; as they came out of the door of a public house, the corner of Grub-street, about ten the same morning, I said that is one of the men; it was the same youth that was like our boy; just then I said there is another; then I said I believe there is two more; the second was Hartford that brought me the hat again; we would not swear to them; I always said I could not discern his face, but a tall fellow stood over me, which I believe to be the prisoner at the bar.
Were you sure, did you swear positively to Fowler?
Yes.
Was he apprehended then?
Yes; and the hanger was found in his possession; he was in a light coloured coat, one over the other, but he robbed me in a great coat.
Look at the prisoner, do you know him?
No; I don't know the man, but by the question I asked at Bow-street; I asked which side of the coach they searched first, he told me the front; he acknowledged that he robbed me, and in the same coat he had on. I thought if he could tell me that question right he must be in the coach; he said they searched the front of the coach first; he wavered in some points first, said he did not turn back for the money, but at last he acknowledged some of them did. I never saw his face, I cannot swear to that, I remember his shape and make, every thing but his face; he had an apron on.
Was the man on your side?
He came in on my side.
How many did you see in the coach?
There were two in the coach, this on my side, and Harper on my wife's side; by appearance he stood over me in the apron; I always said he was a tall thin fellow; I could not see his face; he blinded the light of the moon.
When the coach stopped I saw the hangers; I said there were thieves; my husband started up and said, good God, is there? they demanded my husband's money; he gave them some silver; they said he had got more money; he took it out and held it in his hand; they swore they would do for him; they took hold of his wrist, and he let the money go; they began to scramble for it; another came and jumped in on my side, and put something to my breast like a pistol; I don't think it was a real pistol, but something in imitation of it; they demanded my money; I said I had no money; they found my fan; he started back and said what is this, I said nothing but my fan; they took and opened it, and delivered it back; I had nothing in my pocket but keys and halfpence, they took out the halfpence, and gave me them again; they pulled me off the seat, and searched behind me; they found nothing; they searched my husband at the same time, and the man said, don't be frightened, you shall not be hurt; Mr. Allen said, gentlemen, I hope you will pay the coachman as you have got my money; the man who stood on my side pulled the handkerchief off his face, and said, here, coachman, here is a shilling for you, that was Fowler, he dropt the handkerchief from his mouth and part of his face, and gave the coachman a shilling, and he told the coachman if he spoke a word upon the road he would blow his brains out; I kept looking in his face all the time; he drew the handkerchief over his face again, and went round to the rest of the gentlemen; it might be the space of a moment his face was exposed to me, no longer, then he said those words to the coachman, then he went upon the other side.
How long was it his face was uncovered?
It might be the space of a moment or two.
Had you a full view of his face?
I had a full view of his face.
Could you see his features distinctly?
Very.
So as to swear to him afterwards?
Very punctually, Sir; I positively could.
Was there any thing to induce you to take more particular notice of him?
Because his features were very much like my child that was buried about two months before that.
When did you see Fowler the next time?
The next morning when he was taken by the runners; I knew him the moment I saw him come into the office.
Was he in company with any others?
There were four more.
Did you pick out Fowler from the rest?
The moment he came into Mr. Wilmot's office, I said this is the man that has the features of my son.
The resemblance struck you immediately?
Very much, Sir.
Look at the prisoner, do you recollect any thing of him?
No; I do not particularly.
You did not take notice of any of the other men but Fowler?
Not particularly I do not; he was close upon my husband.
To Fowler you could safely swear?
Very safely.
I bring the confession of Lucas; I prove that it was taken on Tuesday last before Mr. Wright; taken from his mouth, and he signed it, and the other is the signature of Mr. Wright. I found him at the office; Mr. Wright had spoke to him before I came.
Was the prisoner in or out of custody at the time he came to make his confession?
He came of his own accord.
Did you receive a blow with a cutlas?
No; I fancy as I stooped across the coach my head hit against something; none of them struck me in the coach; the man made no blow at me.
You say that Harford was one?
Yes; and he shook hands with me; he lived coachman at Clapton, and knew me well; when he brought my hat again, I saw him for a minute; he behaved very politely; I believe it was through him we were not hurt; he squeezed my wife by the hand, and said, madam, I know you well, you shall not be hurt.
Did you ask for a guinea?
I only desired them to be kind enough to pay the coachman; I said, gentlemen, I hope you will pay the coachman as you have got all my money; as to the guinea, I asked for no such a thing.
It was on account of Harford interposing to prevent mischief being done, his Majesty was pleased to extend his mercy to him.
Do you know the number of people there?
I saw five persons, two in the coach, two at the doors, and one at the horses' heads, till Mr. Allen desired him to pay the coachman, and he dropped his handkerchief, and gave him the shilling; we did not know the number of the coach, and we were never able to find the coachman again, though he said he lived near Hatton Garden.
You observed just now, you thought the prisoner must know somewhat of the matter, because he could tell which part of the coach he searched first?
Yes.
That question was never asked at the former trial?
Not as I remember.
Did not you say upon the former trial these highwaymen desired you to raise from your seat, and go upon the other side while they searched over the seats of the coach?
Yes; we borrowed some money of the turnpikeman to pay the coachman with.
I have nothing to say for myself, no otherwise than I deliver myself up as a man dying innocent of the thing, and they are innocent of it, both of them.
I took the confession myself from the mouth of the prisoner, from what he told me at the time; he mentioned that Clark was wounded; I have not a doubt that the Clark he means in that confession is the same Clark who was wounded in the hand, from his telling me he was lame in the hand when I took the confession. Clark and Milburn both are well known at our office.
Repeat what you have to say?
I am a weaver, I live in Twister's alley, Bunhill row.
Do you follow your business now?
Yes; I keep some people employed in that business, I am a house-keeper, and keep four women employed in the spinning manufactory in the weaving branch. The first knowledge I had of this matter, was this, I went to see Fowler after he was convicted, having some knowledge of him before; I drank a bottle of wine with him, he told me he was an innocent man, and begged me to find out the person, he knew this man had been out with Clark and Milburn, and some others had been out together, he begged of me if possible to sift it out; I strove all that lay in my power to enquire, and asked him to confess, and such like. I went to see him the day before the execution, and spoke to him then, I met with Joseph Clark , and took him into a public house in Long lane, and asked him if he knew any thing about the matter; Fowler, says he, is innocent, and I said, if you will confess, the law will shew some mercy to you; I persuaded him to go and say he was guilty; those men, Underwood and Milburn, he said were guilty, and the prisoner at the bar, Lucas; I saw Milburn in the course of the evening, I asked him about it, he declared he would almost as soon be hanged himself as the man that was to be hanged the next day, for he was an innocent man; Clark and Milburn met by appointment to surrender the evening before. As I was going down Long lane, to see the execution, I said to Lucas, what do you think of the matter, he seemed to be in a flow of tears, and the brother of Fowler came and hung round him, and said you know my brother is innocent. This, I declare to God, is the matter of fact that brought on the confession; the brother said pray save his life, if possible; he said, I don't care two-pence, I will declare what I know of the matter; I went to the sheriff and asked his opinion, he told me to go to a magistrate; I went to Bow-street, and there they took his confession.
Gentlemen, you have heard this evidence.
I have done all that lay in my power to save the man's life; I hope you will recommend me to mercy.
We shall not.
Clark does not resemble Fowler in person?
No; not at all.
