On the 29th of November, between the hours of five and six, I was drinking tea at my brother-in-law's, who is a silk dyer in Leadenhall-street. A Mr. Watkins, one of the witnesses, came to me and told me my house was broke open; I got up and went home and found the prisoner in custody of a constable; I went up stairs immediately to see what damage was done.
Call Thomas Watkins first.
Do you know any thing of Mr. Lindsey's house being broke open and robbed?
Yes; I was going from Berry Street up Creed Church Lane, and heard Mr. Moore cry, stop thief!
Call Mr. Moore.
I was going to a house in that neighbourhood opposite to Mr. Lindsey's, on the 29th of November, between five and six in the afternoon.
In what street does Lindsey live?
I think the name is Greyhound-alley ; I was alarmed by two young women who came up to me just as I knocked at the door and said there were thieves in the house opposite, Mr. Lindsey's house; one of the women was his daughter; I saw a light in the house up one pair of stairs, as if somebody was walking about with a candle; I waited at the door of the house where I was going; in about five or six minutes, or it might be near ten minutes; the light came down stairs, and came to the ground floor.
While the light was up one pair of stairs? could you see any body through the window?
I did not see any body up stairs; when they came down stairs they were alarmed, as there was an alarm in the neighbourhood that there were thieves in the house; they opened the window and peeped through the shutters; I saw a man's face; they put the light out immediately afterwards and two men came out of the house; one was the prisoner at the bar; I pursued him, he had a bundle under his arm.
You seised the prisoner?
Yes; the other man got off; they went different ways, the prisoner ran fifty or sixty yards before he was taken.
After you seised him did you take the bundle from him?
He dropped the bundle when I pursued him.
Did you take the bundle up?
No; I saw him drop it in the place where it was picked up; I delivered him into the custody of the constable, he was there waiting by the time I brought him back; his name is George Fleming .
Was he searched in your presence?
Not in my presence; when I delivered him to the constable I went to the house where I was going.
Who first told you there were thieves in the house?
Mr. Lindsey's daughter.
Was you present at any examination of the prisoner?
Yes; before the Lord Mayor; he said he knew nothing of the matter.
I went out on the 29th of November between five and six o'clock.
Did you leave any body in the house?
No; nobody.
The rest of the family had all been out before?
Yes.
Did you lock the door after you?
I pulled the street door after me; I did not put the key in, it is a spring lock; I was gone about a quarter of an hour; when I came back I saw a light in the house which I had not left when I went out; through the windows I saw a man in a white coat in the house up one pair of stairs; there were no shutters to the window; I went and fetched the constable.
Do you know the last witness Mr. Moore?
Yes.
Did you give him any information about it?
Yes; I saw him at a neighbour's house facing my father's; I told him I believed there was somebody in the house that should not be there; after that I went for a constable; when I came back the door was open and a great many people about it; the prisoner was brought into the house a little while after by Mr. Moore, and some others My father was come back, then he gave charge of him to the constable.
Was the prisoner searched in your presence?
No.
When you went out are you sure you shut the door?
I am.
Are you sure it was locked after you?
Yes.
Whether I am the man she saw in the room with the white coat on.
No; he is not that man; that was a taller man.
What time did you go out that day?
I was out most of the afternoon; I went out about two or three o'clock; I left nobody at home but my daughter.
When you went back to your house what did you find there?
I saw a great many people about the door; when I went in I saw the prisoner in the shop in custody; that was near six o'clock; I then said I will go up stairs and see what he has been about; when I went up into the one pair of stairs room my bureau desk, which stands by the window, was broke open; he had tumbled all my papers about, but had not taken any thing that I could miss; I immediately came down stairs and then gave charge of him.
Was he searched in your presence?
No; he was searched before I came home; I was before my Lord Mayor when the prisoner was taken before his Lordship; he denied being in my house.
I was coming up Berry Street at the end of Creed Lane; I heard Mr. Moore cry stop thief! stop thief! several times; I stopped him under the gateway.
Did you see any body running away?
I put myself against the wall that I might not be knocked down; I put out my hand and laid hold of the prisoner; he turned fairly round and fell down; Mr. Moore came up and said d - n you, you rascal; you are down; he said I am, let me get up and I will surrender myself to you; a pistol was found near Mr. Lindsey's door; I followed him up to Mr. Lindsey's door; the daughter begged me to go to Mr. Allen's, dyer, in Leadenhall Street, and tell Mr. Lindsey his house was broke open; while I was gone the pistol was found on the ground.
Did you see it found?
No; I saw the pick-lock keys taken from him after I came back; there were seventeen I believe of them.
Was there any thing else found upon him but the keys?
No; nothing that I know of, but the goods were brought in which he had scattered about.
I happened to be in at my own house; I heard the cry of stop thief! upon that I went out, and I had not been gone above five yards before I saw the prisoner in the custody of Moore and another; they took him home to Mr. Lindsey's house; the constable searched him and found about sixteen or seventeen pick-lock keys upon him; in going along with him to Mr. Lindsey's house I stumbled over some loose clothes which lay in the alley as he ran from the place.
Whereabouts did they lie?
In the alley near Mr. Lindsey's, coming from Mr. Lindsey's house to mine, in the way he was taken.
Where was the prisoner when you stumbled over the things?
Just before me; they were carrying him to Mr. Lindsey's house.
Did you take up these things?
Yes; I took up some part of them; I don't know whether I took them all or not.
Did you carry them into Mr. Lindsey's?
Yes; I did.
Was any thing else in particular found on the prisoner but these keys?
Nothing that I know of; they brought in a pistol afterwards that they said was found; I did not see it found.
I am a constable; on the 29th of November Mr. Lindsey's daughter came for me; when I came to the house the prisoner was there; Mr. Moore and another man had hold of him; I asked who gave charge, Mr. Lindsey came up and gave me charge of him; I searched the prisoner and found sixteen pick-lock keys in his pockets; I found nothing else upon him.
Did you see the bundle of clothes that Hyams brought in?
Yes.
The clothes were brought to me; I have had them in my custody ever since; there is a silk gown and a linen gown the property of Mrs. Arnett, a coat and two waistcoats of my son's; a coat and waistcoat, and a linen waistcoat my property; all the women's clothes are the property of Mrs. Arnett; I know them to be her property; I have seen her wear them; there is a flannel petticoat, a quilted petticoat and other things; they were brought into my house by Hyams.
I picked up the things and delivered them to Mr. Lindsey's daughter.
These are the things I received from Hyams; I put them by themselves; the women's clothes are Mrs. Arnett's; the rest belong to my father; they were in the bottom drawer of the bureau, in the one pair of stairs room; I saw them there that day before the robbery.
I did not know the name of the building; I did not live far from it; I heard them cry, stop thief! as I came through the alley; I ran and I was knocked down; I kicked the keys before me going along Petty France, Westminster; the person who saw me pick them up is at Portsmouth.
To Mary Lindsey . When you went out was it before or after day-light?
It was about dusk; it was between five and six o'clock.
To Mr. Moore. When you saw this man come out of the house, was it before or after day-light?
It was after daylight; it was dusk, between five and six in the evening.
Was there day-light enough to see the people that came out of the house?
Not to discern the face of any man so as to know it without the assistance of lamps; it was too dark to identify the person of a man.
I sell bacon for the company at Bristol.
Do you know the prisoner?
I have known him fifteen years; he never bore a bad character to my knowledge.
Did you know him intimately?
Yes; and never knew any bad of him in my life time.
I have known the prisoner these three or four years; I never heard any thing bad of his character in my life, he is a biscuit baker; I kept a public house some time ago and he lodged with me.
Court to Lindsey. What is the value of the things that were taken out of your house?
I reckon them about 42 or 43 s. they were worth above that.
