My husband's name is John Steward . My pocket was picked of two half crowns and a guinea on the 8th of November. I know I had the money in my pocket, about a quarter of an hour before I missed it. I was standing opposite the Mansion-house , waiting to cross the way; the prisoner stood by me, and there I lost my money.
On Wednesday, between twelve and one o'clock, as I was coming from the cornmarket, I saw a crowd standing opposite the Mansion-house; when I had got through the crowd, I had the curiosity to stop a little to see what was the occasion of it. Mrs. Steward was standing against the second door from the end of a court almost facing the Mansion-house, there was no person near her but two little boys, one I understand is her son. She was out of the crowd within about a door of Mildred-street; I observed the prisoner go and look round the people's pockets as they were standing. Where Mrs. Steward was, the people were standing upon the kirb-stone, and the prisoner was standing behind them, with another little woman; I saw her come up to the prosecutrix and the other woman with her; she came close to her, and I could see her working into the pocket, the other woman stood up to her to support her, and if an hackney-coach had not come by, I should have taken her with her hand in the prosecutor's pocket, but the coach went by and she got off. As soon as opportunity would permit, I came over to the prosecutrix, and said, feel if your pocket is not picked.
You was on the opposite side of the way?
Exactly; there was no person to obstruct my fight; I did not see any thing taken, but it was very clear to me what she was doing.
Did you see enough to be sure whether she put her hand into the prosecutrix's pocket or not?
I am certain she had her hand in her pocket; I saw her put it under her apron; I could not see it in her pocket. I went over and asked the prosecutrix if her pocket was picked? She was frightened and did not know how to answer me; I thought she would have dropped; she recovered herself, and felt in her pocket, and said, she had lost her money. I described the prisoner, and the prosecutrix's boy went after her up Cheapside, and brought her back.
Did you know the woman again?
Yes, I have known her by sight many years.
Was she examined?
I believe she was, but I believe there was nothing found upon her.
Why did not you attack me at the time?
The coach came by and she was off in a moment.
To Steward. Did you ever recover the money or find it again?
No.
Was your pocket cut off or the money picked out of it?
The money was picked out, it was loose in my pocket.
I saw nothing of the prisoner, only I stood by the side of my mother. This gentleman came over and gave a description of the woman. I did not see her near my mother.
I am innocent of what I am accused with, and I leave it to the honourable court.
