I live with Mr. Andre, in Whitechapel. I saw Mr. Evans cross over the way to where the deceased stood, at Mr. Wright's, the butcher's, shed. They said something to each other, and then there were three or four blows given, but by which of them I cannot say: it was dark, and the deceased cried out.
You do not know by whom the blows were given?
No.
Did he cry out before or after the blows were given?
After the blows were given.
When was this?
On a Sunday morning, but I don't know what month it was: I did not take any notice. I did not think there was any murder done. I never went to look at them, but went away about my business.
About the hour of three o'clock, on last Sunday was fortnight, but I cannot say what day of the month it was, I heard words between the prisoner and the deceased. The deceased said, as I understood, What business have you upon my beat? how came you here? I heard Watch! cried by the deceased. I went from my stand to the place of destinanation. In the way, I met the prisoner, crossing right against me, with his stick in his hand, broke in two parts. I asked him what the matter was. He replied, D - n the old scoundrel, I have broke my stick over his skull: he has affronted me three or four times before. I retired to my stand. Presently I went down to the prisoner's stand, which is not a great distance from the place where I stand. He complained against the man, and said, I am sorry my stick was not shorter, I would have given him more; he has insulted me so often. Who is to put up with these affronts? Between the hours of three and four, the prisoner went up to the watch-house, with his stick in his hand, and repeated what I have now told you.
I was calling the hour of three o'clock, at the back part of my beat, by Hyde-alley, Whitechapel. The deceased holloa'd out to me, Pearce, what is the matter you did not come to my assistance? Your assistance! says I; for what? Says he, Come up to me. I kept calling my hour; I did not think what happened; I knew nothing, and heard nothing. I came up to him. Says he, Feel of my head. I felt his head, and felt a knob. I put up my lanthorn, and saw a scratch, hardly enough to stain an handkerchief. I thought nothing of the blow; and he cried the hour of four and five after that. Then he called to me again, and said, Pearce, have you got any money in your pocket? I said, I have the price of a pot of beer: you say you are not well, and want to drink. So we went and had a pot of beer. We staid about five minutes. He came away, and threatened to serve a copy of a writ on the prisoner. That is all I know. He went home. I saw no more of him. I never saw the prisoner all the time.
Did the deceased tell you, when he first saw you, who gave him the blow?
Yes; he said Evans gave him the blow.
This man drank his pot of beer with you, and did his duty the rest of the night as usual?
Yes; he cried the hour of four and five.
I saw the deceased a little after three o'clock. He desired me to look, and see how he was served. I said, By whom? He said, By Evans. I went up to Evans, and Evans began to tell me the affair. He said he heard a noise, and went across the way to his brother watchman, and asked what was the matter: that the deceased replied, What is that to you? you have no business here; keep to your own stand: and the deceased pushed the prisoner three times off the pavement. With that, the prisoner acknowledged he with his stick struck him a blow.
I am a surgeon, and assistant to the London-hospital. The deceased came by himself, and walked into the surgery, on Tuesday the 2d of October. He desired me to examine his forehead. He said, he had had a blow. I examined his forehead, and could find nothing the matter. There was no external appearance of any blow, nor any swelling on the forehead.
Nor any extravasated blood?
None that I could see. I dismissed him, and heard nothing more of him till the Friday following. Then the beadle of Whitechapel came and said he was very bad. Mr. Blizard ordered him to be brought into the house. Mr. Blizard took off the scalp, and examined the scull, and found a fracture extending quite down to the hollow of the eyes, through both the plates. I have no reason to doubt but that the blow was the occasion of his death.
I had been, the day this happened, at Leadenhall-street, to see my sister. The deceased lit me home that morning. One of the watchmen's rattles, in Whitechapel, was swung: the prisoner came over to the deceased, and asked what was the matter. The deceased gave him a rough answer, and pushed him three times, with his hand, off the paved stones into the road-way, and struck him with his hand three times. The prisoner turned his back, and prayed for peace. The deceased held up his staff, to strike him. The prisoner held up his staff. I saw the blow, and one of the staffs broke; which it was, I can't say. Then both the staves were laid down: they struck one another with their hands.
