I am a constable of Bishopsgate ward. Upon the 6th of March I was sent for to Mr. Harding's the Green Dragon, in Bishopsgate-street: they gave me charge of the prisoner; they charged him with taking a gentleman's things out of a room, and a counterpane off the bed belonging to the landlord; the prisoner owned this box and this basket (producing them) I asked him where the key of the box was; he said he had it in his pocket; he gave it to me; I opened the box, and found in the upper part of it the counterpane: Mr. Harding told me his name was upon it: I found also a pair of stockings belonging to Mr. Fairfax. When the counterpane was found, he said he was mad and drunk. The next day Mr. Fairchild said he should be glad to see him; I went with him to the compter; I then found this pocket-book ( producing it) under the prisoner's thigh, in the inside of his breeches; it contained fourteen pawnbroker's duplicates: I went to one Mr. Brady, a pawnbroker in Whitechapel, where I found a pair of buckskin breeches: none of the pawnbrokers are here. When I went the next day with Mr. Fairchild, who was his townsman, he told me where the things were, belonging to Mr. Fairfax.
Was any promise made to him to induce him to confess that?
No; he desired, as he was his townsman, he would tell him where the things were, and told him he would go to Mr. Fairfax, to see if he could do any thing for him: he told Fairchild and me, that if we would go to the Dolphin inn, in Bishopsgate-street, there he had left all Mr. Fairfax's things; I went there, and found this box (producing it) containing the things belonging to Mr. Fairfax: I took the goods before the Alderman at Guildhall; Mr. Fairfax there deposed to them: they were left at Mr. Philpot's.
I keep the Dolphin inn. The prisoner came to my house on Monday the 5th of March, and bespoke a bed: we sat up till half after twelve at night: he did not come that night: he brought the trunk produced in court on Monday the 6th of March. The next morning the constable came to enquire after these things, and took them away with him.
I keep the Green Dragon. The counterpane has on it John Harding , Green Dragon Inn. I can swear to Mr. Fairfax's trunk; his name is upon it in two places. I was present when the prisoner was examined before the Alderman: he did not say any thing; only he wanted to be sent for a soldier.
Two days after the prisoner was taken into custody, I missed a pair of breeches: the prisoner said they were in pawn. I went with the constable, and found them there.
They were pawned at Brady's No. 82, Whitechapel; the duplicate of them was found in his pocket-book.
I am guilty of the charge.
