On the 27th of August I was in a publick-house, the Magpye, Holbourn-bridge, where I drank rather more than common. When I came out of the house, which was at about twelve o'clock at night, the wind took my head; I leaned my head against the pales where Mr. Langdale's house stood; the prisoner and another woman came up to me, and said they would see me home; they went with me past my house; I said we were past my house; they said, no , it was a little farther; they would see me safe.
Then you went past your own house without percieving it?
When they got me a little farther they took me into a house. I cried out immediately, This is not my house, I will not stay here. There was a candle burning; I made an attempt to come out; upon which the prisoner struck me on the stomach, and knocked me down; then she ran her hand into my left-hand breeches pocket, and took out five guineas and two half-guineas; the other woman began to strip me. I thought they were going to pull my clothes off and murder me. I got up directly; then Catherine Romsey put the money into her mouth. I heard the watchman going past, and I called him; he came. I told him I had been robbed; there were then three women in the house; the one was a servant; she was in the house when I went in; she was discharged before the justice. I desired the watchman to get the constable of the night, and I would endeavour to secure them till he came. When he was gone, Catherine Romsey said, D - mn your blood! I will run a knife into you, if you do not let me go. I had the candle in my hand; she snatched it away, put it out, and attempted to run away; but I held them both fast by their gowns till the watchman came back. When he was in the passage the other woman ran away. They took the prisoner, and the servant who was in the house, to the watch-house; the constable searched the prisoner, but found nothing upon her but some silver and a knife. When she was before the justice she said she hoped my eyes would be scratched out of my head.
Did she deny the charge?
Yes.
Was the prisoner ever out of your sight, after you lost the money, till she was taken to the watch-house?
No.
How do you know you had this money in your pocket?
I know I had it that afternoon I was burnt out by the fire; I took a walk in the afternoon, met with a friend, and went into the Magpye to drink.
When did you feel it in your pocket?
About an hour before; I took it out to pay my reckoning; I put it into my left-hand pocket, and buttoned it up.
When you was so much in liquor, as not to know your own house, how could you know the persons that went with you?
When I came into the house and saw a light, that frightened me so that my senses returned to me.
I was not there at the time he lost his money, I was gone out; there were two women in the room with him when I came in; I am innocent of it; when I was on my deathbed in New Prison I told the parson I was innocent of it.
