I live at No. 6. in New Bond-street , I keep a milliner's shop .
Do you remember the prisoner ever coming to your shop?
I do, on Friday the 14th of February, she came into my shop, and enquired for a person in my house, by the name of Mrs. Macglougal, and asked for some silk stockings; she was in company with another woman, she bought one pair for nine shillings, and paid me; she then asked for lace, I shewed her some, the other sister said, sister you want lace, after she had asked for it; and the prisoner desired me to cut off a yard and a half, and it was paid for out of a guinea; before this time a third woman knocked at the door, nobody was in the shop belonging to it but me, the third woman asked for some Lenno Gauze , and muslin, she likewise bought one yard of muslin, and gave me another guinea to change, rather before the third woman was served, a fourth woman came in and enquired for Lenno, she said, as I was very busy she would go to the next door, and return in a quarter of an hour; to the best of my recollection, the two first women went away, rather after the last woman went away, then there came in a fifth woman, enquiring as before, and she gave a guinea to change; my maid was sent out three or four times to change guineas; the 4th woman bought something, during the time they were there, I went out of the shop to speak to a lady in her carriage.
Was the prisoner there then?
I think not, the lady wished to come out, I begged her not, as I had so many people, I did not wish her to mix with them, and would wait on her; then I went to dinner, after dinner I missed the two pieces of muslin, one twelve yards and three quarters, the other nine yards, and nine pair of silk stockings.
Were the stockings you lost, the the same sort you sold the prisoner?
No, those I lost cost me ten shillings and sixpence a pair, they were womens stockings; they were never untied; I went to Bow-street, and my loss was advertised, the
prisoner was described and nobody appeared; I was desired if I saw the parties again to let them know; and on or about the 24th of March, a person whom I suspected to be one of the women came into my shop again, and enquired for muslin, I told her I could not possibly shew her such muslins as she wanted, for when I did the last time, I was considerably robbed, I told her the best thing she could do was to go out of my shop; at that time the prisoner knocked at my door, the prisoner then said, why did you leave me sister, I could not think where you was gone; I said, madam, as to you I know you perfectly well, you was the first person that came into my shop the day I was robbed; I mentioned the articles which she asked for, and the person; and I taxed her with the things, and told her I was clear it was her; she said she never was in the shop before, nor knew any such person; I told her my loss had been very great that day, that I did not suppose the parties who robbed me knew the value of what they took from me, I begged her if she was innocent to assist me in getting back some of my property, she then offered to go with me to the woman who was with her the time before; and asked me if my silk stockings had not Paris marked on each pair\\ of\\ them; which is a way that they have here; I told her they had.
Had the stocking she bought the Paris mark on them?
No, she said it was a shoe-maker's wife in a court in the Strand, that was that day with her, and she offered to go with me; but denied that she was her sister: she said she had no sister in the world, but that in the shop, and she had not been more than a month in London herself; I again intreated her to go with me to this other woman, she then refused, but said she would leave me a direction, I told her that did not at all satisfy me, and begged she would stay and let me advise with a neighbour; I sent my shop-woman for a neighbeur; after my shop-woman was gone for the neighbour, she and the sister expressed great uneasiness to be gone; and said the person stayed very long; during the time my woman servant came up into the shop and staid, for I desired her to wait as I might want her presently; they both expressed so much uneasiness to be gone that I was afraid, I went out myself and fastened the door after me, I left the women with my servant maid, and while I was gone the prisoner jumped out of the window over the rails; my servant was there, the prisoner's sister remained in the shop, I returned, my shop-woman came back exceedingly flurried, and said the prisoner had jumped out of the window, but presently we heard she was taken and carried to Bow-street.
Did you ever find any of your things again?
No, my Lord, I was told it was needless to search her lodgings so long after, but she refused to tell where she did live that day; I believe her lodgings we researched some time before.
But you never found any of your stockings on her?
You say she refused to tell where her lodgings were?
Yes, that was the time when she was taken to Bow-street before the magistrates.
How many people were in the shop when you went to the coach?
Three.
The parcel of stockings where the prisoner bought a pair from, was not the one that you lost?
No, the parcel of stockings that I lost, the string had never been untied.
On the 24th of March, it was that you saw this woman?
Are you sure that is the same woman?
Very clear, I think the first woman was one of the party.
Have you ever learned the other woman's name?
Yes, her name was Lawrence, she lived at No. 6, Grosvenor Mews.
When did you learn where the prisoner lodged?
On the 18th of February.
You did not see her the second time, till the 24th of March?
So that three or four days after these
stockings were lost, you knew where she lodged?
Yes, the apartments of a Mr. Watmore was searched, but she was out.
Well, that Mrs. Watmore is the prisoner?
Yes, no property of mine was brought there.
I live with Mrs. Forbes, the prisoner came into the shop on the 24th of March, when I was in the shop, and asked for some muslin, the same as a bit that hung in the window, and Miss Forbes knew her, and told her when she was in the shop before she missed a piece, with several other things, at first she denied ever being in the shop before, but Miss Forbes insisted on it, then she said, if she had ever been in the shop before it had been very much altered, for the counter was turned towards the wall, and the goods were upon a little round table.
Had the shop been altered?
The counter was turned round after I had been robbed, and stood against a wall.
She offered to give Miss Forbes a direction to the person that came with her, Miss Forbes not approving of that, sent me to a neighbour, one Mr. Christie that she wished to advise with, in the mean time, as I was returning from the neighbours, I met the prisoner in another street, and asked her what hurry, she said, she had left her sister, and would be back in a few minutes; there was one woman left in the shop, I know nothing further but what Miss Forbes has told us.
I live servant with Mrs. Forbes, I saw the prisoner at the bar at our house, I came up stairs, and my mistress desired me to stop in the shop while she stepped out; and while she was gone, the prisoner got up and tried the door, finding that fast, she said, she would jump out of window, she would not stay any longer; she threw up the sash, I came round and I caught hold of her gown, and insisted on her staying; I caught hold of her gown and told her, she had better stay till my mistress came in, she said, she would be damn'd if she did; she jumped out of the window, and left the tail of her gown in my hand; she run as hard as ever she could round the corner.
Had not you been out with stockings that day?
No, Sir, with lace I had, but I am very clear it, that I had not the stockings I lost, out with me.
On or about the 24th of March, I was sent for by the prosecutrix, by the shop-woman, informing me, that her mistress suspected she had got the person in the shop that had robbed her; I immediately went, and was told before I got to the house, that the same person had jumped out of the window, and was gone, and describing what sort of a person she was, and how she was dressed, I went after her and caught her in the street, the prisoner is the woman, as I came up to her, she had given two butchers boys, one shilling a piece, that they might not mention any thing of seeing her jump out the window.
Did you see her give them the money?
Was you present when she was asked to tell where she lodged?
Yes, she refused to tell where she lodged.
Once or more than once did she refuse?
Several times.
But did not you know that her lodgings had been searched?
I did not, she even refused to tell her name before Sir Sampson Wright, saying, that she was married to a light-horse man, but he had not lived with her for some years.
Then she did not say, you know where my lodgings are, or you have searched them already, or any thing of that sort?
No, my Lord, nothing of that kind.
Did you take down the directions she gave?
I think she said Cecil-court.
Did you search that house?
I leave my defence to my Council.
Your Council cannot speak for you, therefore, if you have a mind to say
any thing for yourself, this is your time.
What do you know respecting Mrs. Read, about the stockings?
I know nothing at all about the stockings, she is a mantua-maker, and does plain-work for me, I live at No. 6, in Grosvenor-mews, which is almost opposite to this good woman; she charged me with the felony first; I went into the shop to ask her the price of a bit of muslin that hung in her window, and she told me I had stole a piece of muslin; she searched my lodgings and found nothing; I have known the prisoner these three or four years, I cannot positively tell to a small trifle of time; my husband is a chimney sweeper and nightman, he has lived there 9 years, and works for all Old Bond-street..
What is the character of the prisoner?
I never heard any thing against her in my life, but being a very honest, industrious, sober woman; she has done a great deal of needle work for me.
You did go and buy some muslin, there on the 14th of March?
I never was up the gentlewoman's steps before the 31st of March.
How are you so particular in the day?
Because it was the day before the first of April, that I went into her shop.
The same day I was taken up, I went into her shop, for that gentlewoman, the prosecutrix said, you are another of the confederates.
Then you saw the prisoner in the shop?
She came after me into the shop, it was the last day of March.
The stockings were advertised twice, with the Paris mark on them, that was the reason of my asking the prosecutrix the question.
This is the woman, my Lord, that came into the shop for the muslin, and they call themselves sisters, this is one sister, that sister who said, sister you want lace, was she that came with her on the 24th of February; this came the time she was taken up.
At that time the prisoner said, sister, why did you leave me?
Do you remember that.
She did not call me sister.
She told me that was her sister.
Did you hear her call sister?
I did my Lord.
Did you hear it?
When this woman jumped out of the window, I said, I believe she is your sister, she said, she is my sister in law.
I heard her say so too.
Take care that woman Lawrence, does not go out of Court.
Whether or no, after the time that the woman quitted the shop, and your coming into the shop again from dinner, whether any person had been in the shop?
No, no other person.
