I am warehouseman to Messrs. Bennetts and Cure. In April last, Mr. John Bennett  informed me that a quantity of green tea was lost from the warehouse. I ordered a quantity of tea to be weighed, and put into the second story of the warehouse, from whence the other had been taken. I saw Paul Etheredge weigh it, and put it loose on a cover, before the men went home from work; I ordered the tea to be weighed again that evening, and was informed there was a pound deficient. Mr. Bennett said the men should be searched; I went, and called the prisoner; he did not come immediately. When I got to the counting-house, I enquired why he did not follow me; he was then standing just by the place where the tea was; I suspected he was shifting the tea, or hiding it: after calling him a second time, he said he was coming presently, and followed me; the porters were all searched, but the tea was not found upon any of them. After the men were gone home, Mr. Bennett, myself, and the other evidence, searched the warehouse, for the tea; and, just at the spot I saw the prisoner at, the tea was found lying upon the ground, in a linen bag, covered with foul paper; it was under a kind of block, upon which we tie up parcels occasionally. We found it to agree exactly in quantity and quality with the tea that was missing. Afterwards, the tea was put again in the place where we had found it. On the following morning, before the men came to work, I secreted myself in the warehouse, where I could see what passed; and I had ordered the other men to quit the warehouse upon the prisoner's coming in. I saw the prisoner go to the place, pull the paper away, and take the bag up with the tea in it; he hunted a few seconds eagerly among the papers before he could discover the bag: upon his finding it, he took it up, and ran up stairs; I overtook him before he reached the second story; I called out to him by name, upon which I saw him throw the bag of tea down; I charged him with the theft, and said, Now I have found you out: he said, No, I had not; for I had not found it upon him. He was taken before a magistrate, and committed.
I am shop-porter to Messrs. Bennetts and Cure. I weighed the tea, and carried it into the second story, and spread it on the cover; I weighed the tea again between two and three o'clock; there was not any missing then: when I weighed it in the evening, there was upwards of a pound wanting. In the morning, I was ordered by the last witness to take charge of the prisoner. The prisoner then said he came early in the morning to move it; but, if he had known their scheme, they should never have seen his face at the house again. I had before found the tea under the block; it was weighed, and answered in quantity as nigh as could be.
Wken I went in in the morning, I kicked my foot against this bag; I took it up to see what it was; then I took it up to the second story; he called after me, and I put it down on the stairs.
