I am a grocer in Mark-lane, he was taken by my porter on the keys.
I am a porter to Mr. Greaves, I was carrying some goods on the 30th of January to the Saracen's head, Friday-street, a parcel of spices, they were delivered by the warehouseman, Thomas Hart ; they were to go to Exeter, by Ruffel's waggon, a man met me and said I was too late, this was a a little before eight, he said the book-keeper was gone home, he said he was an acquaintance of the book-keeper's, and would shew me where he was, I followed him to Gutter-lane, and into Goldsmith's-street, at the first lamp a man stood with his back to the door, he said this is the book-keeper, he immediately asked what I had got, I told him a parcel for Russel's waggon, let me see it, says he, I handed it to him, he asked me to pay for it, and for booking, I would not, I said I had a book in my pocket for him to sign, I gave it him; it was seven o'clock before I left home, he handed me the book back, so we all three went to Gutter-lane , the other was a head of us, the man that took the parcel was the prisosoner at the bar; they turned back to back, I asked him if it was safe this man should have the parcel, and the prisoner said yes, and began to ran, I ran after him, I did not catch him, but I came up soon after, by my crying stop thief he was stopped at the end of Cary-lane, he was out of my sight when he was stopped.
Are you sure that is the man that run away from you?
Yes.
How long was it before you saw him again after you lost sight of him?
Not above half a minute, my lord, it was as much as it could be, he was taken into an ironmonger's shop by the gentleman who seized him, we got a constable and took him.
How was he dressed at that time?
In an outside coat and a body coat, and a three cocked hat.
You are sure that was the man?
Yes, my lord.
You never found the other man not the goods?
No.
What countryman are you?
An Irishman.
I thought so, so you let the man who had the parcel go and run after the other man?
Yes.
You did not chuse to run after the man who had the parcel?
No; I never saw the man, I called the book-keeper before it was moonlight, the book-keeper ran away, and passed two streets and turned into Cary-lane, he took to his heels, in five minutes after I met him.
Did you walk along side of him?
After him.
Then you had a full view of his back parts?
Yes; I saw his face when I delivered in the parcel.
Afterwards you could only see his back?
True, right, you are very right.
Then you only saw his face while he was asking you to pay for the parcel?
Yes.
Had he a hat on?
A three cocked hat.
And you suspected nothing?
No, I wish I had, I had a right to look at him being the book-keeper.
The moon was at full, are you sure it is the man?
Yes.
You are shopman to Mr. Graves?
Yes; I made up the separate parcel, there were three in one package.
What did it consist of?
Eleven pounds of nutmegs, six pounds of cinnamon, and four pounds of mace, the value is about 20 l. the porter's name is James Quin , he has lived almost a twelvemonth with us.
To Denham. Do you remember the night?
It was a light night, I heard the cry of stop thief, I ran out, I could see up the street, at last a man came running down Cary-lane, and I could hear others following at some little distance, the prisoner I presumed, nobody being before him,\\ not\\ withstanding he called stop thief, therefore I stopped him, when the man who was last examined came up, which was in a quarter of a minute, he said he would swear to him, I desired him to consider what he was doing, he said he was sure of him; I carried him into my warehouse, I was by myself, I am an ironmonger; then he was committed to the constable, the prisoner made no resistance.
I could not tell if any body had gone by before, I came out, but I believe nobody had passed.
My lord, I have little to say, I was going to the Lapidary's in Wood-street, coming up Huggin-lane somebody ran before, I heard cry stop thief and ran down Cary-lane.
I am a jeweller, No. 101, Gravel-lane, the prisoner worked with me on the 20th of January, and for ten months before, he is very honest, I have trusted him with 40 l. at a time.
I live at No. 6, Crown-court Dean-street, Soho, I am a carpenter, I have known the prisoner five or six years, but these twelve months have been intimate, he has been in my house several times, I never knew any thing against him.
