My husband absconding, my brother, Robert Nicholson , has put me into an house to get my living; I cannot go in my husband's name for fear of his taking my property from me again. I keep the sign of the Prince of Wales, a publick-house in Petty-France, Westminster . On the 22d of December the prisoner came into my house and asked me for a pennyworth of purl; she had it; and staid rather late. I told her I thought it time for her to be at home. She begged I would let her lie all night with the little girl I have, or that she might sit up. I said she could not lie with the child. I gave her leave to sit up in the tap-room. The next morning I complained that the little girl I had was too little for me. The prisoner offered her service to me. I asked her where I could have a character, as I was a lone woman? She told me from one Mrs. Phillips, Serjeant Major Phillip's wife. I sent my child down with her to Serjeant Major Phillips. They sent me word she was sober, honest, and an industrious clean girl. I took her into my service directly. On that evening or the morning of the 23d, the next day, I missed a large pewter dish and two pewter plates. The Sunday afternoon there came in Mr. Price, a constable, and told me the prisoner was a bad woman. I went into the tap-room, very much frightened, and said to the prisoner, I have heard a very bad character of you. She came into the passage, and as soon as she saw Mr. Price she ran out of doors. On the evening of the 26th, she knowing the way of the house, came slily in, and stripped a pair of sheets off the bed in the two-pair-of-stairs room. I missed them in the evening about eight o'clock; they were there at four. On the evening of the 30th she came into the house again and went into the same room; the man happened to be in bed; he thought it was his wife; he called out; she went up into the garret and took a pair of sheets. The man finding there was somebody in the house, alarmed the house. She threw the sheets on the bed, and was found concealed on the top of an adjoining house, behind the chimney; she got through the trap-door of my house.
How do you know she went up into the garret and took the sheets?
Because she confessed it. She was taken on the top of the house, and was carried to Justice Durden, who committed her. The pawnbroker has the sheets, one pair she pawned, the other she threw at the man's head who alarmed the house.
When did she own it?
Before the justice. I was present. She confessed she had pawned two pair of sheets.
Were the sheets your property?
They are my brother's property, because I cannot act in my husband's name.
Were the sheets purchased with your brother's money?
Yes, for me to have the care of them.
I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned a pair of sheets with me on the 26th of December, I lent her three shillings upon them.
