On the 2d of this month I lost a silver pap-spoon; I was feeding my child with it, about half an hour before I lost it; the prisoner and another woman came into my shop and asked the price of a show-doll? I said, that was not to be sold, but I would shew them some others; they did not give me opportunity to shew them any others, but asked me to go backwards? I introduced them into my parlour. I went in with them; the other woman was taken ill and asked me to let her sit down? I let her sit down in the arm chair. I did not like continuing in the parlour myself, as I had left nobody in the shop, so I called a lodger; they asked me to bring them some dolls into the parlour. I did not choose to do that, as I did not like their looks. The lodger came down immediately. I only went to the stair foot just without the parlour; I had the sight of the parlour and shop all the time in my eye while I stood there, which was till she came down; then we all four went directly into the shop, and Mary Smith asked the price of the rest of the dolls. I shewed her a large doll at four shillings. She offered me three shillings. I told her she must give me three shillings and nine pence; she said she would not, she would give me three shillings and sixpence, and I agreed to let her have it. She gave me sixpence earnest, and agreed to call for it in a quarter of an hour; then they went away; after they were gone about half an hour the child cried. I went to feed it and missed the pap-spoon. I was informed the same evening that the two women were taken up in Charterhouse-street. I went to the constable's and saw my spoon. I never saw them again till I saw them before the justice.
I am a constable. On the 2d of this month I was sent for to Mr. Boxhall's, in Charter-House-street; the prisoner was there. Mr. Boxhall desired I would search her. I did, and found a pap-spoon in her pocket; it has been in my possession ever since.
I met a person in Aldersgate-street who asked me to go and drink; we went and had a bottle of wine. He said he had no money about him, but if I would please to accept of this spoon he would give it me; he did give it to me.
