On Sunday the 30th of December, about eight in the evening, I had been at the other end of the; I live in St. Olave's Church-yard in the Borough; I was coming home through the city, the prisoner overtook me it was a very wet evening, asked us how far I was going, and if he should accompany me, he said he lived in the Borough; he walked along with me till we came into Cannon-street ; he wanted to salute me, and I said no, then I felt his hand at my pocket; when we came to the corner of Abchurch-lane, he put one arm round my neck to salute me, and snatched the watch from my side.
Did you feel him do it?
Yes, my lord; my watch hung to my pocket; the hook hung to the top of my pocket, and the watch was in the inside of my pocket; he then ran up Abchurch-lane, I put my hand to my side, and called out stop thief, he was taken immediately; the gentleman is in court that picked up the watch, he threw it out of his hand, I did not see him drop it, nor the gentleman pick it up; I came up soon after.
I understand it was done all in a hurry, he put his hand round your neck, and snatched the watch immediately?
Yes, he did.
What are you?
I live housekeeper with Mr. Blackburn, surveyor and architect in St. Olave's Church-yard.
This watch was within your pocket?
Yes.
Nobody could see it?
No.
I suppose he asked you to drink a glass of wine?
I do not recollect he did.
But you walked peaceably together?
Yes.
Did you know him before?
No.
He did not mistake you for another person?
I believe not; he did not behave any thing amiss.
No rudeness at all?
Only going to salute me.
That was not very rude you know; and so then, without any other conversation, or any thing particular, all at once he seized this watch from you?
Yes.
How did he know you had a watch there?
I found his hand at my side.
What, tickling of you?
I cried out as soon as he snatched my watch.
Did not you make a stop, and let him go on?
It was just about the time I bid him go about his business.
There was no rudeness, nor no struggling, nor no kissing before?
No, Sir; only he wanted to salute me.
These men that stopped him, were they following on or meeting yot?
I do not know; they both live in the Borough, I did not know them then.
You knew them immediately, did not you?
I did not know them before.
Was the watch fastened by a new string?
Not very new; an old string,
Perhaps it was broke?
Not till it was snatched from my side.
Is it a new string or an old one, it is a very material point in this case?
It is a very old one, and very much worn.
You felt the prisoner's hand at your pocket before the time that he snatched the watch?
Just before.
Did it appear to you as if he was endeavouring to take any thing from your pocket, or as if it was a piece of indecent familiarity?
I thought he was going to put his hand in my pocket, to take something.
What reason had you from his former behaviour or appearance, to suppose that he meant to take something out of your pocket?
I thought his hand being in my pocket, he meant to take something out.
He put his hand round you to kiss you at the same time?
Yes, my Lord.
On Sunday evening, about eight, I was coming along Cannon-street, at the corner of Abchurch-lane, I was going on from London stone side, I was going to London bridge, this Mrs. Battell and the prisoner at the bar were standing at the corner, when I came up they were pretty close together.
You are sure of their standing still, were they in conversation, or what?
I had not time to observe; before I got across the street, I saw the prisoner running up the lane, I saw Mrs. Battell feeling at her side, and she cried stop thief, he has stole my watch; I ran directly after him up the lane, and before I came within two yards of him, he threw the watch away with his left hand, I saw him do it, I am sure of it, it was a moon-light night; I immediately secured him, I took hold of his left collar, and another gentleman came up, and secured him at the right collar; I picked-up the watch, it was on the left hand side of the street, I desired the other gentleman to take care of it and of him; about ten minutes the prosecutrix came up, there was a croud round, so that I did not perceive her before; the body of the watch was one way, and the case flew on the flag stones; the prisoner begged not to be used ill, we took him to the Compter; he said he did not take the watch, it might stick to him, he could not help it; I saw him actually throw the watch away; I never saw the prosecutrix before.
I live in the Borough, I am shopman to a haberdasher; I knew her the next day to be the same person that lost the watch, did not know her before; (produces the watch) the watch was not broke.
The watch has had more falls than one.
This young woman did not come up for ten minutes, it is not ten minutes walk, is it?
Just as people can walk.
You may be a very pert servant, but you are a very bad witness, be a little decent; I do you mean to say she was ten minutes before she came up?
She had her pattens on, I do not know the other witness, I perceived no struggling between them, they were talking.
I am a butcher at Dockhead, I never saw the prosecutrix nor the last witness before; I was coming along Cannon-street, opposite Abchurch-lane, I saw the prisoner come round her, breast to breast, I thought he wanted to salute her; when I first observed them, they were on the turn, near the corner, I was on the other side, he was some length of time about what I thought he was doing; I saw his body agitated greatly, and move several times, that made me take particular notice of him; I made a full stop, and looked at them, I thought they seemed to be rather familiar, I observed a twisting of their bodies; I suppose they might remain so a minute, I did not hear a word said by either of them; he quitted her, and ran up Abchurch-lane, I observed her then put her hand to her right side, and she said stop thief, I have lost my watch; I ran after him, and caught him more than half way up; just as I was going to lay hold of him I saw the watch falling, it seemed as if it came from his left side, and to be thrown rather than to fall, I did not take any particular motion of his hand, I was too nigh for that; I did not see Roberts pick up the watch, I held the prisoner the while, I think he said he did not rob her; Mrs. Battell came up just as the watch was picked up.
How came it, as the prisoner is a pretty stout man, that you ran faster than him, did any thing impede him in his running?
I do not know, I ran faster than him, and I can run faster than you, he had a great coat on, perhaps that might impede him.
Suppose this watch stuck to any part of him, he moved his arms you know when he run, a man does not run with his arms in his pocket, therefore it might have gone off in an a slant direction; you do not mean to say that you saw him throw it?
No, sir, I do not.
Whether it was brushed off by his cloaths, or stuck to his arm, it would have followed that direction?
It might so.
It must you know?
You said that from what you saw, when you first saw them together; the idea that you formed at that time, was, that they were familiar together?
I thought so, then, but as soon as he left her, I gave up my former suspicion immediately, then I thought what it was.
The bruises on the inside and outside cases answer?
Nearly; one does, and another does not; that would be very likely to happen when the case fell off.
My lord, and gentlemen of the jury, I am innocent of the affair, I leave it entirely to my counsel.
I am a coach carver and chaise maker, the prisoner is a coach-harness maker, does business for me and other people, have known him about six months, he was in employ for me at this time; he went that day with me to Putney, with a chaise to a gentleman, he parted from me a little after three, at the Spread Eagle, at Windsor, he rode the horse home; he has a very good character as far as I know, I have entrusted him with a deal of property of mine, and would again.
I am a distiller in Broad-street, St. Giles's, have known the prisoner twelve or fourteen years, always looked upon him as a very respectable character, such as I wish to keep company with, strictly so, I knew nothing but he was very industrious.
a very good character, a very good workman, and a very honest, sober man, I wish I had him to work for me, I would employ him with all my heart; tomorrow, there is not a better workman in London.
he hired a horse of me, that Sunday he brought it or sent it home; he is a very sober, honest; just, industrious man, he lives in my neighbourhood, he keeps a shop in Leather-lane.
The prisoner has a very good character, worked for us a year and a half, we trusted him with a great deal of property in his hands, and Mr. Denton would employ him again if be wanted a person, Mr. Denton would have come himself but could not.
We are perfectly satisfied as to his character, and beg leave to recommend him to the court.
