I was servant to Mr. Fisher, who keeps the George, in Grafton-street .
Do you know what day of the month this happened?
I do not know what day of the month.
What month was it in?
Sunday night.
Was it last Sunday or last Sunday week?
Last Sunday week; I went down stairs to draw some beer, I see Nanny, and I said to her, your mistress has been enquiring after you, and wondered where you are; she did not make any answer; I drawed my two pints of beer, and I heard the voice of a child.
Where did the voice seem to come from?
From the coal hole, that was the place the woman came from.
Do you think you heard evidently the voice of a child?
I certainly did hear the voice of a child; I left the woman there.
Where did you go then?
I went to carry the beer out and returned in about a quarter of an hour, and returned to the cellar and did not see her there; I went down the cellar to draw some more beer, and when I came up I went and carried some more beer out, and when I returned, I saw her in the vault.
How long a time might this be from the first time you saw her?
It might be better than three quarters of an hour.
Where is this vault situated?
In the yard.
Where was you that you could see her in the vault?
I was going down the cellar, I turned my head about and see her.
Had she a candle?
Yes.
What was she doing at that time?
She had a kind of a white stick in her hand; I did not stop to look much about it.
How was she employed?
I did not stop a minute to look, I did not take any particular notice.
How soon did you see her again?
After that, I saw her and she came to me on the stairs and asked me to go and get her an apron down stairs.
How long was that from the time you saw her in the yard?
It might be an hour or more; I cannot tell indeed.
Was the vault door open or shut?
It was open.
Did you bring her the apron?
Yes, I went up into the garret and brought her down the apron; more than that, she told me if my mistress asked me what I went up stairs for, to tell her it was for something for myself.
How soon afterwards did you tell any body?
I told it to my washerwoman, on Monday the next day.
Did you tell her merely the circumstance which you have related?
I told her my suspicions, and the came and told my mistress of it. I told her I had heard the voice of a child.
What makes you tremble so? look at the jury; stand up. What is this girl at your house?
A servant maid .
Carries pots, a very heavy weight, does not she carry? how often was the up and down stairs on this Saturday?
I generally go up and down stairs and leaves her to mind the pots.
You say the interval from the first time you saw her in the cellar to the second time you saw her, how long might it be?
It might be an hour.
Do you remember what time you told the magistrate it was between the first time you saw this girl in the cellar and the second time? this was about eight o'clock, was it not?
Between eight and nine.
Do you remember what you have sworn?
I don't know that I have sworn any thing else.
Was not you carried before the magistrate, and was not he about to commit you?
I don't know that I am sure.
Have not you positively sworn the girl was never out of your sight between the hours of seven and eleven the same evening?
No, I never did say so.
You will put your whole credit to the jury on that assertion; look at the jury sir. Will you answer that question or not?
I cannot.
Have not you sworn before the magistrate that, on that evening, between the hours of seven and eleven this girl was never out of your sight above a quarter of an hour?
I don't know that I have indeed.
Nor you have not told any body so?
I did not say any such thing.
Then if your memory is no more correct about those facts that you have sworn to, I believe the jury will not convict on such testimony. Now, I warn you that you have sworn already that this girl was never out of your sight that evening from seven to eleven, above a quarter of an hour?
I said, a quarter of an hour between drawing the two pints; it was a quarter of an hour before I returned.
How long might it be before you saw her the second time?
It might be three quarters of an hour.
You said, you heard the voice of a child crying?
It was a kind of a quirk, that I heard, it came from the coal hole.
How do you know it was the voice of a child? was you ever present at the delivery of a woman?
Never.
How do you know what sound a child makes when it first comes into the world? you never heard a new born child cry?
I never knew till Mrs. Davis told me.
Then of your own knowledge you cannot say it was the voice of a child?
I cannot of my own knowledge.
Was not there a search made in this coal hole afterwards when you was present?
Yes, there was a search made, the jurymen took notice of the place.
Was there any appearance of any woman being delivered in that coal hole?
I never mentioned such a thing.
I ask you the question?
There was not.
The next time you saw this woman it was in the vault?
It was.
Was not the door open? the was not endeavouring to conceal what the was about?
I don't know what the was about.
She was not attempting to conceal what she was about?
I cannot tell indeed.
Might not any body that past in that yard have seen this woman as well as yourself?
There was nobody there but myself; they might have seen her if they had looked; the door was open.
Now this stick that she had in her hand, will you swear it was not a mop?
I don't know, it was a white stick, I could not notice, I was in my business.
Then the whole perception you had of this woman in that business was by a glance?
It was.
I keep the sign of the George, in Grafton-street, Soho. On Monday the 25th of November, I had been out and returned about the middle of the day, at that time I was made acquainted with some suspicions concerning the servant.
What time did you go out?
About eleven o'clock, and returned about a quarter before three.
What did you do in consequence of what you heard?
I sent to Mr. Bradford.
What was told you?
That the boy had accused the girl of being delivered of a child in the cellar, murdering it and putting it down the vault.
You say you sent for somebody?
I sent for Mr. Bradford, a surgeon and apothecary, who lives at next door, he did not come as quick as I expected and the horrors of my mind was so great for fear the parties should escape, I took them both up into my own dining room; I asked the boy what all this piece of work was about? He said he would tell me; says I, tell me the truth and nothing but the truth, before you mention one word tell me no more than you know; this was in her presence; he then told me that he had heard a child cry, and when he said that, I said, are you sure Joe? he said, I am; the girl made answer to the boy and said, Joe, it is no such thing; I asked the girl if she was delivered of a child or not? she said she had had a miscarriage on the vault; I asked her if the child was alive? she said not that she knew; I said that must be proved at a future day. After that I came down stairs, in the mean time Mr. Bradford came in and took the woman up, and went into the dining room with her.
Did you do any thing in consequence?
Not at that time; when Mr. Bradford came down stairs he said it was to him as if she had had a miscarriage; I applied to the magistrate in Marlborough-street at six o'clock, I told him that the boy said there was a child down the vault; he desired me to return back and get the boy, and girl, and doctor, and all in a coach there; I said I will do it with pleasure. I returned home as soon as I could, and took them all to Marlborough-street; he examined the last witness, and the girl was committed; I could not get the vault emptied immediately, and therefore the magistrate said he would not have her up again till Wednesday; however I was anxious in my mind, and I had a scavenger to be let down with ropes on Monday evening, the child was found, the surgeon was present within a minute or two; I washed the child myself in a tub of water; just as the child was cleaned, I was looking to see if I could see any marks of violence on it, Doctor Bradford came in.
Did you see any blood about the child when you washed it?
None about its head, or navel string, it was in such a dirty condition that you could not see any clot till it was washed, and in washing it would go off; but I do not believe there to be any, I had it taken up stairs, and the coroner and jury sat on it.
Did Ainge say at what time on Sunday evening it was?
I took it down between eight and nine.
On Tuesday the coroner sat, and they did not agree in their verdict till Wednesday night; on Wednesday I went up to the magistrate.
Then it was Wednesday night that she was committed?
She was committed at the very first.
On Wednesday did you search her room?
I did, the room the slept in, but I did not find any thing that had the least appearance of a child or blood, or any thing. To the best of my recollection on the Thursday following I found an apron, a shift, and an under petticoat in a pair of old drawers, that the used to put the clothes in.
Had you looked into the drawers on Wednesday?
I had not; I had looked under the bed and almost every other place; the things I found were in such a situation that I should suppose as a married man, she had been in that situation of being delivered.
This woman was your servant.
You never see any thing in her but what was humane?
I have no reason to speak of her cruelty.
When the boy charged her with this she said she had miscarried?
Yes.
Did not Ainge tell you that the girl was never out of his sight from seven to eleven, except a quarter of an hour?
That was my evidence, if you look to the examination, on Sunday evening I was at home.
I am a surgeon; I was sent for on Monday the 25th of November last by Mr. Fisher.
I beg you will state all that you observed, respecting the child, and every thing that past before you?
On the 25th of November last between the hours of three and four in the afternoon when I attended, Mr. Fisher informed me what had happened in his house, that his girl had murdered her child, destroyed it, or words to that effect; in consequence of which I called the girl into a room, and asked if that report was true? I asked her if she had been with child? her answer was, she did not know, I asked her then what could have given rise to such a report? she said she found herself indisposed and went to the vault, and something had come from her when she was on the vault. I asked her then if she did not know whether it was a child, or what it was? the said whatever it was it was in the vault, that was all I could get from her. About twelve o'clock the same evening, I see the body of a new born infant in Mr. Fisher's yard, I mean the child that was taken out of the necessary; I was in the house when it was taken out.
Was you present when Mr. Bradford saw this child?
Yes.
Was it the same child as taken out of the vault?
Yes.
Did you observe any symptoms about this child, or mark?
I observed no marks of violence whatever, it was a very fair body, there was a slight bruise on the top lip, but of no-consequence whatever; I ob served the navel string was broke, and not tied; it was a full grown child.
From your medical knowledge, can you take on yourself to say whether the child was born alive or not?
No, I cannot.
Private births are very unfavourable to the lives of the children?
They are generally, and to very healthy children too, to all appearance.
I believe you have known many instances of women being delivered suddenly in a vault?
I have known instances where they have been delivered in a room on a close stool pan.
You did not open the body, or make any experiment on the lungs?
I did not, because those experiments have failed me many a time.
I am the constable belonging to Marlborough-street; I was employed to search this girl's box; I found no child bed linen whatever, or any thing of the fort.
The prisoner at the bar lived with me I think about a year and ten months, to the best of my recollection; I had three children, she was humane and tender, I never had a servant like her, neither before nor since, so affectionate and tender to children; I had the misfortune to loose her mistress, three of the children were committed to her care, and she shewed all the tender affection and humanity that any tender mother could; she was fond of children to a degree; she was a remarkable character.
Are you able to say whether she went her proper time?
In all human probability she went her proper time, but as to say to a week or a fortnight it is impossible.
