I am single, I live at No. 116, Fore-street, a grocer; I had employed Richard Beech servant times, to carry out errands, he is a poor man in the work-house, I believe of St. Giles's, Cripplegate.
When did you employ him?
On Saturday, the 20th of June, at our own house in Fore-street.
Did you send for him?
My mother did, to carry that coat over me Mr. Frost's; a lady's great coat.
Where does Mr Frost live?
In Blackstairs, keeps the Horse and Groon livery stables; it was between nine and ten in the morning.
Who delivered the great coat?
I did, to Richard Beech , I desired him to carry the coat to Mr. Frost, with my compliments that I had sent the coat home, it belonged to Mrs. Frost; he came back in the afternoon, and I paid him four-pence for carrying it, about four in the afternoon, and said he had carried it safe; Mr. Frost said the coat never came there.
Was there any directions on the coat?
No, he said he knew the house very well.
That gentlewoman delivered the coat to me.
You live in Blackstairs-road, a stable-keeper ?
Yes; the coat was my wife's, she lent it the 19th of June, to Miss Munt, to go home with, and it never was returned.
I was constable of the night on the 20th of June at the watch-house; the prisoner was brought in by the order of Mr. Munt, on Saturday, the 20th of June; young Mr. Munt came with him, charged him with having made away with the great coat, which his sister had entrusted him with, to take to the other side of Blackfriars Bridge; Mr. Munt, in the presence of the prisoner, said, that he had been over with him to the door where he said he delivered the coat, it was a fixed door, and there was a desk fastened inside; the prisoner persisted he delivered it to a young woman, who took it into the house; we examined him, and found half a guinea and half a crown and sixpence in his pocket; the prisoner said that his daughter had given him the half guinea, or lent it to him, I don't know which; on enquiry we found his daughter had not given it.
I am a taylor and salesman, in Monmouth-street. This gentleman (the prisoner) I believe it is the same, he came to my house on Saturday as he was taken up with the coat, he told me that a lady had given it to him to sell.
On what time did he come to your house?
About the middle of the day I think; he asked me a guinea for it, he said that was the price he was to have for it; I told him I would give him seventeen shillings, he was going towards another shop, and I called him back, and told him I would give him eighteen shillings, and if the lady did not like to take eighteen shillings, if he came back again I would return the coat; whether he meant to bring the coat back again with out my calling him I don't know; I did not hear no more of it till Monday; I have got the coat, I gave him eighteen shillings, he left the coat with me; on Monday his wife came, and asked me and one of the servants, whether we had bought such a coat? - I said I had, and she said it was a coat that her husband was intrusted with. (Produced.)
Are you sure that is the coat you bought of the man?
Yes.
It is my property, I am sure of it.
When his wife came she said that she would give me the eighteen shillings to let her have the coat, for the owner had promised that if the coat was brought back she would not hurt him; I said I would not deliver it to her, I would deliver it to the owner myself, and when I took it back to the owner, they said they must not take it in.
That gentlewoman delivered the coat to me to carry over Blackfriars Bridge, and I carried it to the second horse ride ever the bridge, and I delivered it to a gentlewoman that I never see before, nor I never see since; I took it to be a gentlewoman that was maid to the house, or bar-maid, or something; I came back again to Mrs. Munt's, and she paid me a groat for carrying it; about eleven o'clock at night I was going to bed, and the son came and told me that the coat was not delivered; I told him I would go and shew him the place, I went with him at that time of the night, and shewed him the place, and the people were gone to bed, and they took me to the watch-house that night. As to that man (Palmer) I never see him with my eyes to my knowledge, nor this Mr. Frost; I did not sell him no coat, no never; when I was taken to Guildhall the first day, I was remanded back again, thinking I should tell where I had pawned it, or sold it, but I said, I have no other story to tell, nor no other story will I tell.
