- I am the wife of William Tillier , I live in Field-lane , I keep a chandler's-shop, and let ready furnished lodgings by the week: I let a garret to the prisoner on a Saturday, I cannot tell the day of the month, with bed and bedding in it, at two shillings a week, it was in August, I believe the 19th; she was there, I believe, twelve days, I had a suspicion of her; I went up stairs, and asked admittance; I told her I would send for an officer if she did not let me in, and then she let me in, and I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; she confessed she had taken them, and that they were at her sister's, and she would let me have them in the morning.
Did you say any thing to her to induce her to tell you she had taken them?
No; she said she had taken them out of the room for distress, and I should have them the next day if I would wait till then.
Did you tell her it would be better for her to confess?
No; it was entirely a voluntary confession; the constable found some duplicates upon her which produced the sheets and the flat iron.
Had you a character with her?
No; I was very busy and could not go till after she had come in, and then I thought I would make trial of her; for they seldom send where they get a bad character.
- I am a constable of St. Andrew's Holborn: I was upon duty on Thursday the 31st of August, in the watch-house; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and I searched her, I found upon her this pocket-book, with a great many duplicates, and three of them of things belonging to this woman, (produces them) ; she was taken the next day before Sir William Plomer.
- I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mr. Cordy, (produces two sheets) ; I took them in of the prisoner; I am sure she is the woman.
I am a pawnbroker in Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell: I took in this flat-iron of the prisoner at the bar.
It was mere distress that drove me to pledge them; I did not intend to leave my lodgings, and I should have got them out again on the Saturday night.
