I was sent by Pletherick, the constable, to the prisoner's house three days ago, I believe it was Monday; she sold me one shillingsworth of halfpence, and she gave me 20d. for a shilling; she asked me who I came from; she did not like to let me have them, because she did not know me; I told her a barrow woman sent me that dealt with her; she said, I might have four pennyworth of farthings for a good twopence, but I had not got any good money; she said I might have a pound's worth of halfpence if I pleased; I saw a great quantity of papers, which appeared like five shilling papers of halfpence, in the room where the bad remained, and I went and laid the information.
What are you?
A green-grocer in Cross-street, Carnaby-market.
You were quite a stranger to this woman?
Yes.
And yet, though you were a stranger, she carried on this traffic as you have described?
Yes.
You were employed by a constable to go to her?
Yes; because they were afraid of being known; he went with me and showed me the door.
You seem to have a little knowledge of this business, you talk of five shilling papers?
They looked to be so.
In order to enable you to judge what they were, you must have been pretty well acquainted with that sort of traffic?
I saw them lying upon the shelf.
You must have been pretty well acquainted with that sort of traffic, to have known that they were five shilling papers?
I have been in many shops where they wrap up five shilling papers, and they looked like them; I only swear what I thought.
Though you were never acquainted with the form of five shilling papers before, you take upon you to say, you saw a great many papers in this woman's house?
Yes; that looked like them.
They were open to every body's sight?
Yes.
Have you ever been a witness before?
Never.
Upon your oath?
Upon my oath.
You never gave an information about hair powder?
No.
Nor about the lottery?
Yes; I took them up.
Upon your oath, why did you say you had never been an informer?
I said, not about hair powder; I did in the lottery, and that was for the good of my King and Country, and so is this; bad money ought to be stopped.
Did you never give any information for any thing else?
No.
You know there was such a thing as the glove-tax, don't you?
I will take my oath I never did.
Not upon any other tax but the lottery?
No.
The officer pays you for your coming here, you know?
I don't do it for payment.
Upon your oath are you not paid for doing it?
I don't know.
Upon your oath don't you expect it?
I have not been promised.
Upon your oath have you not been promised?
Only what they please to give me.
I went to the prisoner's house in Angel-court, and over-shot the door; we went past the house; a brother-in-law of that good lady knew me; I turned back to go into the house, and I saw her brush down the stairs; I went into the parlour, and a person that was with me went to the necessary.
Did you find any bad money?
I found in the fire-place these bad sixpences and halfpence and farthings, that was under a saucepan upon the fire hot, and some had got upon the coals, and I raked some out of the ashes; then we took the man and her into custody, and he was discharged.
Had you given Flowers instructions how to act?
I did; I told him to go and buy some money.
Who went first into this house, Flowers or you?
I believe I did.
Upon your oath did not Flowers go in first?
I am not positive.
You know it was natural for you to send Flowers in first?
I cannot say.
Do you mean to say, that without any difficulty you got in?
I got in because the street-door was open, but the parlour-door was not.
Will you swear that this money was taken off the fire?
Yes.
Are they not such halfpence as are every day in circulation; do you mean to say these are halfpence that are newly made?
I cannot say.
Upon your oath, don't you know they are always black and greasy before they are sold?
I cannot tell; I suppose the fire would take that off.
I was with the other officers; I apprehended the prisoner, and she was searched; but I found nothing upon her. (Flowers produces the halfpence be bought of the prisoner).
Are they counterfeit?
Yes; they are all very black indeed, as if they had been taken out of the foot.
I have known her three years; she is an industrious and honest woman; she has a child, and a husband at sea.
