I live in Rood-lane, Fenchurch-street.
What have you to say about the loss of this gelding?
When did this happen?
The first of this month; I knew nothing of the horse till I see him dead.
Had he the skin on so as you should know him?
Yes.
What day was it you saw him?
I saw him on Tuesday the 2d of February, the constable fetched me to prove that it was my horse, it was at Mr. Blinkworth's yard, the constable had got leave to put it there, until he found out who it belonged to; Mr. Blinkworth's yard is in Holywell-lane.
How long had you had this gelding?
About four years.
Were there any marks by which you could know him?
Yes, I could know him almost from any horse in the world, Mr. Bevan had taken off a large wen, which growed just under the brisket of the fore leg, it weighed fifteen ounces, and there had been several warns taken off his face; the wen was cut off about a year and three quarters ago, and there was a wen grown in his groin.
Who took off that wen?
Mr. Bevan and Jackson, farriers; they had cut off one of his ears to disguise him, and the tail and mane, and made him all over dirt, as possible a horse could be.
Have you any thing to do with the grounds of Messrs. Bagley and Hope?
Yes, I am a servant to them for that purpose, all the horses that are taken into this marsh, I have the care of them.
Do you remember this gelding of Mr. Adams's coming there?
Yes, but as to the day of the month I cannot say.
When was it you saw the horse fate there the last time?
About eleven o'clock on Saturday, the first of this month I saw it, I missed it on Sunday morning the second; I found him dead in Holywell-lane on Tuesday morning, in Blinkworth's yard.
Do you know any thing of your own knowledge how the horse went away?
No, I do not.
You are sure the horse that you saw there was the same horse that had been turned into your Marshes?
Yes
He had a remarkable wen cut off, we understand?
Yes, he had; I took particular notice of all his marks, for fear he should be lost.
I live in Holywell-lane, in Baker's-court. For about these twenty years I have bought horses for horse flesh, dead and alive; the young man that I bought this horse of told me he was glandered.
Who was the young man?
When did he come to you?
On Saturday night the 1st of February, between seven and eight, as near as I can guess.
Did he bring a horse with him?
Yes, he said he had brought a horse to sell, that the gentleman said it was glandered, he said somebody had sent him, but I don't know who; I have had many horses of gentlemen that he has lived servant with, dead ones, out of their yards; he said he was to ask me a guinea, but I could not give a
guinea for any horse to kill this time of the year; he said I must tell him what I could give him; I told him eighteen or nineteen shillings was the most I could give; he said, he was ordered to take the most he could get, and he was to have a crown for his trouble.
Did you agree?
Yes, I gave him eighteen shillings and six pence; he left the horse with me, and he had the money. I brings all my horses to Mr. Boswell's, in Cow Cross, ever since my husband has been dead, but I could not bring it down that night.
Had you said any thing to the prisoner about taking the horse any where for you?
He said be could leave it down in King John-court; I said it would be lost for I had no stable. This King John-court is a place where rubbish lays; I told him if he left it there, it would be lost, and I had nobody to kill it, I could not lead it down myself where I usually kill them; he said, then if I had nobody, he said, he would kill it, that is all.
Did he kill it?
I never saw the horse, only going by the window when it was alive.
What became of the horse?
The gentleman gave it to the officer.
You paid him the money?
I did.
Where did you bargain for it?
In the public house, I paid him the money in the public house.
What became of the horse after you bought it?
I don't know.
You saw the horse when you bargained for it, did not you
Yes, I saw it go by the window, and I saw it tied to a past.
Did you see no more of the horse?
No more at all indeed. I continued in the public house; I had been very bad all the week.
Then what became of the horse after it was tied to the post you don't know?
I do not.
Did you ever see the horse after you bought it dead or alive?
I never did upon my word.
What sort of a horse was it?
It was a dark coloured horse.
Did you desire any body to take care of the horse for you?
No, it was killed in King John-court.
Was that your agreement, that he was to kill it in King John-court?
Yes, that was the agreement.
You had said before that he said he would leave it in King John-court?
No, I understood it that he killed it in King John-court, I told him I had nobody to kill it; he said he would kill it for me; I understood that he would take it into King John-court, and kill it for me.
You have been in this horse business for these twenty years?
Yes.
What colour the horse was of you don't know?
It was dark, I had a candle, and the wind blew it out.
Then you never saw the colour of the horse?
I did not upon my word.
This horse was brought between seven and eight o'clock, you did not permit it to be killed. You know there are a number of regulations concerning this horse business?
My horses were always looked over at Mr. Boswell's.
Then they took you up on this affair?
They took me up on Sunday night.
You was to answer for that, being a horse buyer, you know you must not kill a horse after six o'clock in the evening?
I don't know that really.
Don't you know that you must give notice before you kill a horse?
I know there is an inspector, I always take them down alive, if I am able.
You know if this horse was found killed you have to answer for a very serious case. You know that, don't you?
You was taken up on Sunday night?
Yes.
You told them that you had it of this man?
I knew this young man for three or four years, and I never knew him do any thing amiss before in my life.
I live in George-yard, Shoreditch; I know nothing about the horse, nor about the man; the constable brought me here.
On Sunday morning the 2d of this month, I got up in the morning, and I saw this said gelding very near my door, I saw it about nine o'clock; I live in Foster's buildings, where I live comes into King John-court.
On finding that horse lay dead, how did it appear? did it appear to to have been killed, or how?
It had been stabbed. Seeing the horse in such a place, thoughts arose in my mind, I asked who it belonged to? I heard it belonged to Mrs. Seabroke; there was a gentleman there who suspected it to be his property, but it did not prove to be his property. From the information I received of the daughter of Mrs. Seabroke, I went and apprehended the prisoner, I found him in Pevitt's-court, Holywell-lane, in the same house where Mrs. Seabroke lives; I then took him to the watch-house; I asked him how he came by it in the watch-house? I made the best haste I could with him there, I locked him into the cage, and locked myself in.
Did you make him any promise or threats?
No; I asked him how he came by the said gelding?
Did you tell him that he was apprehended on account of a horse?
I did; he told me that he had it of a man at the Horse and Groom, at Stamford-hill; I asked him what sort of a man, did you know him? he said no, he is a tall man, but he said he should know him if he was to see him again. I then left the watch-house and locked him up; I goes down to the watch-house in the afternoon to take him down to New Prison; to secure him, I pulled out a pair of hand cuffs; for God's sake, says he, don't iron me, for I am not guilty of it; says I, I think I shall be able to tell you that I have found out an owner for the horse, in order to try if I could discover any thing of him; he seemed very much affected; I don't recollect any answer.
What was done with the horse?
Before I took him to the New Prison I went and got the horse, and drawed him from this place into the premises of Mr. Blinkworth's; after I had taken the horse I then attended the examination in the morning.
Was you present when Mr. Adams saw that horse?
Yes.
Was it the same as you saw lying in the morning?
I am very certain of that; I had taken its marks before.
Was you there present when Mr. Bagley's man saw the horse?
I was.
Is this place where you found the horse a great thoroughfare?
No; but there is a vast quantity of horses come down of Mr. Blinkworth's and another person's that lives there, but a strange horse I do not recollect ever seeing.
You don't know what house you saw this man in, was it a public house?
No, a private house, in the lower apartment of the house where Mrs. Seabroke lives.
Who is Cooke?
He now follows the lumping business, he was a dustman.
You are bound over as a witness. What do you know about
this horse?
I know nothing at all about this horses the prisoner spoke to me about a horse before he brought the horse, on Saturday about seven o'clock at night.
Had he any thing with him then?
No, not that I saw; he asked me what price dog horses fetched? I said, there was all prices, according to what flesh they had on their bones they gave for them, I saw no horse.
I leave it all to my counsel, and you gentleman.
I live in Kingstand-road, opposite the King's Head; I am a cabinet-maker; I was in business in Brewer-street, Golden-square; now I do business in the brokery line; I know the prisoner at the bar, and his father and mother; I have known them for some years.
Do you know any thing respecting this horse which he is charged with stealing?
I will tell you the truth as near as possible in a few words. I had been to Tottenham about some business of my own, (it was Saturday the first of this month) coming home I met with the prisoner, and he told me that he was going to London, to buy some shoes and stockings.
Whereabouts was it you first light of him?
Near Stamford-hill, on the London side of the turnpike, but I am not very particular; the prisoner came up to a man who was leading a horse, and they seemed to know each other, he called the prisoner by his name, and he said, I have got this glandered horse to sell, and he asked him if he would go and sell it for him? and he would give him five shillings for his trouble.
About where was it he sell in with this man?
Near about the brow of the hill. He told him he was to ask twenty-five shillings for the horse, and he was not to sell him for less than eighteen shillings, and when he had sold him he was to carry the money to him some where about the Horse and Groom.
Is there such a sign as the Horse and Groom at Stamsord-hill?
I believe there is, I did not know that ever I was in it.
What followed?
I left the prisoner; I went away about my business, and I saw no more of him, Cranny took the horse from the other, and I left them together.
How came you to be applied to on this business?
Knowing the father and mother for some time, and being informed the prisoner was brought into confinement, I recollected seeing him, and he told his father and mother about it, and they came to me, and I related to them as I have to you.
Do you know any thing of this man yourself that applied to him to take this horse?
No.
How long have you lived at Kingsland-road?
About five years.
How long have you lived in your present house?
About a year and a half, it is opposite the King's Head, Kingsland road.
What character has this lad, Cranny, borne?
A very good character as ever I heard.
How does he support himself?
By working at different butcheries, sometimes he is a gardener and works at husbandry; he has been in the butchering line, a pork butcher.
Was he ever brought up to a certain business?
No, I believe he was not. The father has had a large family of fourteen children; there is ten living now, one step above another, and he is the eldest.
Did you go with the father and mother before the magistrate, when he was charged with the offence?
I did not know of it till after the time; he was in confinement here before they applied
to me, I believe; I believe he was intoxicated in liquor at the time they took him up.
So that you imagine he did not recollect that you was with him at first?
Yes.
Which way was he going when you first saw him?
He was coming towards London, and I was going the same way, I overtook him.
How long had you been with him before you met with this man and horse?
About a quarter of an hour, or ten minutes.
Which way was the man coming with the horse?
He was coming towards London.
Did he give any reason why he did not go himself to London with the horse?
He said he was busy, and if he would go with it, he would give him five shillings for his trouble.
Then you and the prisoner did not come to London after this?
No, I left the prisoner there.
Now what size man was this?
He seemed to be a middle size man, a shortish man, not a very short man, I did not take any very particular notice of him.
He seemed to be an acquaintance of his, they seemed to know one another?
I cannot tell whether they did, I did not ask them any questions.
Did you take notice enough of this horse to know whether it is glandered or not?
I don't know a glaudered horse if I was to see him.
Where did the prisoner tell you that he had the horse?
He said he met a man at Stamfordhill, that he was at the Horse and Groom door when the man came up to him; it was a man that he did not know, but he should know him was he to see him again.
He told you that he was a tall man?
He did; that he positively spoke of two or three times during the time we walked to New Prison.
Had your horse any thing of the glanders belonging to it?
No, nothing at all in the least, you may depend upon it.
Was it any thing of a glandered horse that you saw?
The horse was as clean as could be from any thing of that kind.
I was desired, by the magistrate to get it examined by a farrier, and it was not glandered, nor never had it.
What was this horse worth?
I should have been sorry to have taken twenty guineas for him, he was such a good horse to ride.
When you was taken up you said you had the horse of this man; did you know his name?
I did, I knew him before very well.
Had he ever sold any horses to you before?
Never.
