I became first acquainted with the prisoner at an inn, the sign of the Providence, the 12th of May. We came from Paris to London the 25th, at four o'clock, at Charing-cross, we dined together there, and he took me from there to a Mrs. Smithers, in Downing-street ; we continued there a week, we took the lodgings on a Wednesday, and the Tuesday following the robbery was committed; before the robbery I received a large sum of money from Mess. Minett's and Fector, in London; I always went to the Bank, to change the notes in gold, always by the advice of the prisoner; we went together besides to Mr. Hammersley's, we received the notes on Monday morning from Mess. Minett and Fector, and on the Tuesday following, went to get the money in cash from Mess. Hammersley; but as it had a month to run, I did not get but half, all in gold. I put all my money in a trunk at Mrs. Smithers's, my bank notes in my pocket-book in the trunk, on Tuesday the 31st of May.
Where did you spend the day?
On Tuesday I put the money in about eleven o'clock, and went out walking, and afterwards dined near the theatre, about half past four; then we went to the play, and almost immediately after we went in, the prisoner left me in the pit; he begged my pardon, and would be back immediately, and I never saw him till he was taken. I went home about eleven o'clock, conducted by a young man, and found my trunk locked with a key; I opened the trunk in the presence of three people, and found every thing gone. I had the whole\\ amountof the remittance that I brought from abroad, the prisoner counted it for me, I do not know myself. I lost a diamond ring, seventy double louis d'ors, they were all in the trunk; I had part of it in a little bag by itself.
When you was in Paris together, did not you live as friends?
We did; he told me he was a Scotchman, and would interpret for me.
Then you came from Paris together as friends?
Yes.
When you arrived in London, you looked upon him as your friend?
On my arrival in London he offered me his lodgings, for he said where he lodged there was always a spare bed.
When you was at the lodgings at Mrs. Smithers's, there you always treated him as your friend, for he went as your son?
We always eat together.
Do not you know that the people of the lodgings, Mrs. Smithers, and every body there, looked upon you as related?
I never saw the mistress till Monday.
When you went to Minett and Fector's did you carry a bill there?
I carried a draft.
Did you see any body that spoke French there?
Nobody spoke French there.
Then all the business that was done at Minett and Fector's, was done by the prisoner for you?
It was.
When the money was received at Minett and Fector's, did not the prisoner receive the money into his custody?
Minett and Fector gave him some Bank of England notes, and I went with the prisoner to get them changed.
Were they given to the prisoner?
They were, and then we went to the banker's.
Did he change them at the Bank?
He did.
Whom did you trust to receive and count the notes?
The prisoner at the bar.
Did he take the money, or you?
I gave it him in a little bag.
How came you to go to the Bank?
To change the bank-notes into money, because the next morning the prisoner was to put me in a situation with the cash to advantage, and he said it was easier to place out cash than bank-notes.
Then he changed those bank-notes into gold for the purpose of placing out your money more easily?
I got all into gold for that purpose.
Did the prisoner, or did he not, keep the custody of the money, after he had got it at the bank?
I put it into my own trunk before the prisoner.
When you went to Mr. Hammersley's, the business there was conducted by the prisoner the same as on the day before?
It was.
Was it taken by you into your possession?
It was.
When you were on the road together to England, had you any conversation together about merchandise?
No, never had.
When you were at your lodgings, did you trust entirely to that man?
I did, he gave me to understand he was a captain of a vessel.
What is your way of life in your own country?
I am a French gentleman , I fell a victim to the revolution, I never was in trade.
How many apartments had you and the prisoner at Mrs. Smithers's?
I occupied an apartment of his, he having made me an offer of a bed; there were two apartments, one where the prisoner slept, and one where I slept.
In fact then it was the prisoner's lodgings, and you had an apartment through the prisoner's courtesy; which room was it you left your trunk in?
In the room where I slept.
When you came home, after having been at the play, you found your trunk locked?
Yes.
Had this trunk ever been used by him and you in common, to put the things in?
I locked it for the greater caution, to preserve my cash.
Where had the prisoner proposed to spend the evening after the play was over?
He said he was going to sup with Mr. Rose, Mr. Pitt's Secretary.
For what end was he to sup there?
He was to obtain his protection for me, and to employ my money to advantage.
What do you mean by employing your money to advantage.
He said Mr. Rose had been with Mr. Pitt for thirty years, and he would put me in a way how to employ this cash.
I am servant to Mrs. Ann Smithers , she lives in Downing-street, Westminster; Mr. Delarade and the prisoner came to her house on the 25th of May.
Who took the lodgings?
The prisoner.
Had he ever lodged there before?
No, never.
Who did he describe he took it for?
He said he took it for his father and himself.
How soon after he had taken it did Mr. Delerade come there?
In the course of half an hour, in an hackney-coach.
What did he bring with him?
They brought two trunks and a portmanteau.
Which of the apartments were these trunks put into?
The largest trunk and portmanteau were put into Mr. Delerade's room.
Do you recollect, on Tuesday, what time they went out?
I do.
Did they return together?
No; only one of them returned in the evening, which was the prisoner; he came there about half an hour or three quarters past seven.
What passed between you and him that evening?
When he came, he asked me to fetch him two sheets of paper, which I did, and carried them up to him, and delivered them to him with the change of the shilling he gave me to buy them; about ten minutes after, he paid me the lodging, two guineas for the week he had just been there, and half-a-guinea for myself, and desired me to get a porter; I told him I did not know readily where to get one, but I would get him a coach; I got him a coach, and he went away, and carried the trunk which was in his room with him.
What was to become of his father, did he tell you?
He told me that his father would be home in the evening, and that he should return on the Saturday for the farthest: I asked him particularly how long he should stay; he said he could not leave his father any longer than Saturday, and therefore at the farthest he should return then.
How soon after that did Mr. Delerade return?
About eleven in the evening.
How soon after that did you see the prisoner?
Not till after he was brought up from Bristol.
I believe you received every thing for what was wanted of the prisoner?
I received every thing from the prisoner, I never saw a halfpennyworth of the prosecutor's property.
You seemed to have been with the prisoner all the time that evening almost, you only left him while you went out for two sheets of paper?
Yes, I went out for the coach besides.
Where was he all this time?
In the dining-room.
With his trunk?
Yes.
And he paid you for the lodging?
Yes, he did.
And told you he would return again on Saturday?
Yes.
Therefore there could not be many minutes that he could be in this room by himself?
The whole from his coming in to his going out was not above a quarter of an hour in all.
And then he went away in that coach?
He did.
Then whether he had got any thing of the prosecutor's you do not know of a certainty?
That is all I saw.
From the time that Mr. Delerade went out, did any body go in, that could have taken Mr. Delerade's property, besides the prisoner?
Nobody went in but himself.
He told you Mr. Delerade would return that evening?
He did; and he told me there would be an interpreter come with his father, that would tell us what he would want, and what he would have done; but that the interpreter was not to stay in the house.
You understood that they were father and son all the time?
I did.
I keep the house where the prisoner and prosecutor lodged.
Fielding. You, I suppose, then, bargained for the lodgings?
No; my maid did it: I was out of town when they were taken.
Had you much conversation with the prosecutor?
Never spake to him but once.
I am an officer of the sheriff, residing at Bristol: I took the prisoner on the 4th of June last.
On his being apprehended, what conversation had you?
I went up to him with a brother officer; I told him he must go along with us; he did not make any reply to that, but said, call a coach: I said there was no stand near, but the place we were going to was as near as a coach-stand: we went to the council-house, and the mayor soon came, and he was examined.
I believe he refused telling his name?
He said he never slept in Bristol; but afterwards I found that was not true; and I went to a place where he had lodged, and there being some drawers in the room locked, I applied to him for a key; he said, at first, he had no key; at last he gave it me, and I opened the drawers, and found nine hundred guineas, now deposited in the Bank, and some double louis-d'ors (I cannot positively say whether there were twenty-five or fifty-five now), and twenty-nine single louis-d'ors: here is a pocket-book (produced) in which I found eight Bank-notes, including two Dover-bank bills; a purse, containing twenty-three guineas and a half (produced) ; here is a false watch (produced) ; here are two rings (produced) , the one is an hair-worked ring, and the other is a diamond ring; a pair of knee-buckles, and a pair of shoe-buckles (produced) ; and I found this watch on his person (produced) .
What kind of a coat had he on?
The same as now; only there was a Prince of Wales's feather painted on the buttons, which are now rubbed off.
I am servant to Mr. Parker, pawnbroker, Princes-street, Soho: I sold this watch (the watch found on his person) to the prisoner at the bar, on Thursday, May the 31st, about eight o'clock in the evening; he gave me sixteen guineas for it; he tendered me an hundred pound Bank note; I gave him the change; the note was dated the 5th of May, 1791, No. 1531; I think I gave him two ten-pound notes, one twenty, and the rest in cash; I do not know the number of either of them.
I am a collector, in the house of Messrs. Hammersleys; I did not make the payment, but I was present at the time; Mr. Delerade came three or four days before that, accompanied by the prisoner at the bar, to leave a bill for acceptance, with a letter introducing himself to our house; after four days he came again, accompanied by the same man, the prisoner; I had procured, by this time, the bill to be accepted; it was to the\\ amountof eleven hundred and eighty odd pounds; he intimated a desire to receive a part; I asked how much; after some conversation between the prisoner at the bar and Mr. Delerade, he requested half; I then wrote out a draught for 500 l. and Mr. Delerade wished to have half in cash, and the rest in notes.
I made the payment to Mr. Delerade; I have the number of the notes in my book; I made the entry myself; No. 5861, dated 25th of November, for 10 l. (not found); No. 7751, dated 6th of November, 30 l. (one found at Bristol); No. 6354, dated 7th September, 30 l. (ditto); No. 8912, dated 30th October, 30 l. (ditto); No. 7623, dated 16th of May, value 40 l. (not found); No. 1531, dated 5th of May, value 100 l. (charged at the pawnbroker's); No. 1855, dated 29th January, value 50 l. (found at Bristol); No. 5234, dated the 6th of May, value 50 l. (ditto); and 210 l. in money.
I am clerk to Messrs. Willis and Co. bankers to the house of Messrs. Minet and Fector.
Be so good as to say whether you made any payments on the 30th of May?
We paid 719 l. 3 s. 4 d. to Messrs. Minet and Fector on that day, 400 l. in Bank notes, and 309 l. 3 s. 4 d. in money; the prisoner was the man that spake to me, and took the money and counted it.
He brought a draft from Minet and Fector, Austin-friars?
Yes, he did.
Where did you get the draft of Minet and Fector?
I got it of Mr. Bergue, banker, at Paris.
Was it paid at the house of Messrs. Minet and Fector, or did they give you an order on another house?
They gave me an order on their bankers.
I was present at this confession being made by the prisoner; it was read to him before he signed it, and afterwards.
Were there any promises or threats made to him?
Not to my knowledge; I am pretty sure there were not.
Did you ever know the prisoner before he came to lodge at your house?
I never saw him before.
I cannot speak English enough to give any answer whether I could do it or not; I have only to say, I know nothing of the robbery which has been brought to this bar, excepting the things that have been found belonging to the prosecutor were given to me as a partnership by the prosecutor; the prosecutor, in the presence of Mrs. Smithers, declared he had given me these things, and in the presence of another young fellow.
Would you chuse to ask that question of Mrs. Smithers?
If you please.
I cannot tax my memory with any such thing.
I know the young man at the bar; I have seen him once or twice at the Opera-house.
Do you know Mons. Delerade?
Yes; I have seen him only once.
When was that?
It was one night I was by Charing-cross, and I met the gentleman along with a friend of mine; I went along with him to this gentleman's house.
Where was that?
It was in London.
But where was the house you went to with this gentleman and the prisoner?
The street where Mr. Pitt lived, Downing-street; we staid there near an hour; the gentleman was not at home, but I talked French with the lady; I sat down on the chair, and the gentleman came to me, and told me he was a friend to this young man; and he was a very good friend to him, and he went with him to the coffee-house, and he paid for every thing for this young man, and he would trust him with every thing, and was more master than him, because he had the money in his pocket; and particularly he said he did give him two rings to be cleaned in the morning.
What day was this?
I cannot tell; it was the same day in the night. when this gentleman came to London; the young man spoke first to me; he said he gave him two rings to clean, and he had every thing in his hand; I asked him what for? he said, because this young man was a man of property; he knew him in France; and every where he was a very good friend.
Pray, Mr. Humphreys, what are you?
I am a perfumer.
Where?
I work at home.
Where is that?
I am a traveller, a valet.
Where is your home, good sir?
In King-street, Soho.
How long have you known this gentleman at the bar?
I saw him twice at the Opera-house, in the Haymarket.
How long ago?
Two or three months ago; I do not recollect very well.
Try and recollect; can you remember what month it was in?
I cannot.
What office had this gentleman at the Haymarket?
He was lamplighter there.
Did you ever hear he was a merchant?
No.
Did you ever hear that he dealt in turtle, or perfumery?
No.
Was not you a good deal surprised to hear the gentleman say he would trust him with every thing?
I asked him what for he trusted him; and he says, he was a man of property.
Was not you a good deal surprised?
Me! no, Sir.
Did not you know that he was not worth a guinea?
He was along with Mr. Blanchard; he is a lamplighter at the Pantheon and the Haymarket.
So, then, he was servant to the lamplighter; have you the least idea that he was either to dance or sing?
I cannot tell.
Upon your oath, do not you know he was a lamplighter there; upon your oath, did you never learn from him that he was a lamplighter at the Pantheon?
No, never.
How did you suppose he supported himself?
He was a merchant; I do not know.
Who was present at the time this gentlemen told you he was a merchant, and he trusted him?
Nobody but the gentleman, his wife, and me.
Did the gentleman tell you in English?
In French.
Did the prisoner talk English or French?
Always in French.
Is Blanchard the master, and is the business committed to him?
Yes, he is the master, and does every thing.
Then he was not in any low situation at the Opera-house?
No, Sir.
What situation was he in?
I cannot tell.
Gentlemen of the Jury, the prosecutor resided at Paris, and has been one of the unfortunate victims of the ravages which have prevailed in that country, and therefore wishing to find an asylum in a country where true liberty and freedom was to be found, regulated by a wise and equal system of laws, without which neither freedom nor liberty can exist, he got acquainted with this prisoner, &c. Here the learned Judge summed up the case, and the Jury instantly found a verdict
