I am superintendant of the concern of Longman and Broderip, and the assignees; I had missed the instrument in question from the warehouse of Longman and Broderip, about two months back, as far as I can say, because our mark has been desaced; I had missed it some time, and could not account for it; about a month back, I think, I saw it in Bond-street, at Mr. Turner's, No. 54; the prisoner acknowledged that the instrument was sent there.
You made him no promises?
No.
Nor threats?
No.
You had not told him it would be better if he did tell you?
No.
Nor worse if he did not?
Neither.
Where was this acknowledgment made?
At his house in Melina-place, near the Obelisk, in St. George's-fields; he told us where it was, and accompanied us to Mr. Turner's; he said, he sent it there; when we came to Mr. Turner's, he saw this instrument, and said, that was the instrument that he had sold to Mr. Turner, that belonged to our house; he did not say how he came by it; Mr. Holland, and Johnson, the constable, were with me at the time. I put the initials of my name in the instrument.
Is that piano forte of the make of Longman and Broderip?
It is; there was originally a number upon it; there is part of it now remaining; it appears to me to be a seven.
That seven may be a part of any number, you know?
Yes.
Then it cannot be by the number that you swear to it?
No; I missed such a one as this exactly.
When you went to Bates's, was it to you that Bates said this instrument was sold to him upon sale or return?
He did not say any thing like it in my hearing.
Do you recollect his saying this was brought or sent to him by Baskerville to sell?
I don't recollect any thing of the kind.
Where that number is crased, is that the place where Longman and Broderip generally put their marks?
Always; it is stamped.
Were you in the habit of\\ send\\ ing out instruments upon sale or return?
We have done it, but not lately.
Whether you never sent any instruments, even to Bates, upon sale or return?
I believe we have, before the bankruptcy.
What is Bates's business?
A musician.
He kept a shop in Melina-place, did he not?
There was a shop in the name of Jones.
There was a shop for the sale of music there?
Yes.
Has any instrument been sent from Longman and Broderip, upon sale or return, since the commission?
I don't think there has, since the commission.
What connection has the prisoner with your shop?
None at all.
Are you sure it is your manufacture?
Yes.
Are you sure you never sold it from your house?
I don't recollect selling one for these three months; it is what we call a short two stop; a shorter instrument than we generally make, and one stop less; we only make them for orders.
I live in Bond-street, I know the prisoner; I bought one instrument of him, and I had had some little transaction with him before; this is the piano forte that came from my house, and which I bought of the prisoner; I bought it at his house in St. George's-fields, it was brought to my house the next day following, a person brought it, and Mr. Bates was with him. (Produces the receipt for the instrument.) Mr. Bates gave it me at my house, at the time he accompanied the piano sorte to my house; I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Do you recollect, at any time, seeing Bates in company with Mr. Holland and Mr. Davies afterwards, at your house?
I do; the prisoner said, this is the instrument, without any thing more; I gave eight guineas; and another instrument which he reckoned at six guineas; the receipt is for fourteen guineas.
I scarcely need ask you whether any part of Bates's conduct shewed he had sold any thing that was stolen?
Not the least.
He kept a shop for the sale of musical instruments?
Yes.
It was exposed publickly for sale?
No; it was in the back part of the house.
There were other instruments in the house for sale?
Yes; and, I believe, the reason this was not in the shop was, there was not room for it to stand.
I went to Mr. Turner's, in Bond-street; Mr. Bates told me he had sold an instrument to a gentleman that he had had from Mr. Longman's, that it came from Baskerville, and the others.
What conversation had passed before this, respecting what he might hope for, if he would say any thing upon the subject?
Nothing at all.
No promises or threats?
Neither; he said it was an instrument that came from Longman and Broderip's; then I went there, and he shewed us the instrument; he said, that was the instrument he had had, and that he had sold to the gentleman.
Whether the name of Baskerville, and others, were mentioned or not?
I cannot recollect; this mark, in the front of the instrument, is the usual mark of Longman and Broderip upon their instruments; I will swear to the man's hand that wrote it; this is where the number is, but the most part of it is erased out.
Do you know whether any instruments were sent to Bates's from your house upon sale or return?
I don't know any thing of these transactions.
Give us an account of all the wicked practices you have been guilty of that apply to this case; do you know Bates?
Yes; I don't know that instrument from any other.
Did you ever take an instrument of that sort to Mr. Turner's?
No.
I would have you take care what you are about, you are in a very perilous situation; because if you don't speak the truth, you may depend upon it I shall watch you very narrowly; you will find yourself in a sad scrape, I assure you, if you don't.
Do you know of any transaction in which you, and the man at the bar have been concerned?
Yes; he came over to me one night, as I was going from work, and asked me if I knew of any piano-forte sent to his house, between Geast and I; I told him I sent it, and told him what I received for it; he told him, he had sent it, and he aked me if I would consent to have any dealings with him; I told him I would, we had a long talk.
When was this, and where?
It was in Fountain-court, Cheapside, at Longman's warehouse, I was porter and packer there; the first instrument he ever had from me, was a grand piano-forte, the next was a square piano-forte, taken from the warehouse in Cheapside; I took it out of the warehouse; when I had got it out of the warehouse, I took it over into Gutter-lane, Bates went a small distance before me, I pitched it under a wall, in Gutter-lane, and left Bates with it, while I went for a porter, from Lad-lane, to carry it; a porter came, and Bates and I helped it on his back, where they went with it, I don't know; a few days after, I asked Bates about it, and he told me he had sold it, he did not say to whom.
How much money did he give you?
I had nothing upon that, it was a small piano-forte, like this, I don't know whether this is it or not, it was almost a new one, or quite, I am not certain, it was made by Gib, it was standing up an end in the warehouse, just within the door.
Did you open it?
No.
Had you seen it opened before?
I am not certain.
Had you any other transaction with him about one of Gib's piano-sortes?
No.
I think you did not come into Court the usual way a witness does; which way did you come in?
Through the door behind.
You came out of Newgate, did not you?
Yes.
That is the fittest place for you a great deal; how long have you been there?
Nine or ten days.
You were taken up for stealing this piano-forte?
I don't know what I was taken up for.
Upon your oath, don't you know what you were taken up for?
I was taken up upon suspicion of it, I suppose.
Upon your oath, were not you taken up for plundering your masters of piano-sortes, as many as you could lay your hands upon?
Nothing else that I know of.
Your attachment was confined to piano-fortes? had you no affection for harpsichords? is this the only instrument you play upon?
I don't play upon any.
What do you steal? we have heard of some violins, you know, that were stole?
There was a violin stole.
When you were taken up, you know, you stated that if they would let you go, you would swear against some people or other?
I did not say any such thing to any body.
But you wanted to be at liberty, and would swear against somebody, and then you should go free?
No, I did not.
Upon your oath, did you not send that piano-forte to Bates upon sale or return?
I did not.
Do you expect to be believed upon that or not?
You may believe me or not, as you please.
You positively swear you did not send it upon sale or return?
I did not.
We have your oath for it to be sure.
Who was present besides you, in Fountain-court, when you took it out of the warehouse?
Nobody else but Bates, who was in the court waiting for it.
Had you settled which instrument it should be?
We had settled for a piano-sorte.
Who was the porter that carried it?
I dont know, he was a ticket-porter, I hired him from the Crown in Lad-lane.
(To Davis). Look at that piano-forte, and see if it is made by Gib?
Yes, it is.
I am a constable; I got this piano-forte from Mr. Turner's, I marked it.
My Lord and Gentlemen, the principal witness, Baskerville, I have been acquainted with about four months; I told him that I meant to apply to Mr. Longman for a few instruments, upon sale or return, which I shall prove is the habit, and has been the continual practice of that house for many years, and when those instruments are sold, they pay the money, and what are not sold, they return; I spoke to Baskerville, I had spoke to Mr. Longman first; he could not do it without the consent of the assignees; Baskerville said, he would speak to them for me; I told him, I would be much obliged to him; in a few days after, I met Baskerville, and he said, I might have two or three instruments, as I had had instruments before, and paid for them regularly; he said, the vans were all gone to Tottenham-court-road, and they had ordered him to carry it; he took this piano-sorte, and carried it to the spot that he has said; he went to fetch a porter, who carried it to my house; I sold it for eight guineas and an half, and a short piano-forte, which I afterwards sold for three guineas and an half; he said, if I would give him the money, it would be better, as I did not know any of the assignees, and he would take care that I should have credit in the book; I have had a vast number of instruments upon sale or return; he told me he had applied to the assignees for me.
Did you receive any money for this piano-forte?
Not a halfpenny.
I live in Old-street-Road, I am a harpsichord and piano-sorte maker; I have known the prisoner eleven years, he always bore the character of an honest man; I was formerly in the employ of Messrs. Longman and Broderip; I have had a great number of instruments from them upon sale or return, it is the custom of their house.(The prisoner called ten other witnesses, who all gave him a good character).
