Where do you live?
With Samuel Johnson , in Charlotte-street .
You are servant, are you?
Yes.
What do you know about the loss of any plate of Mrs. Johnson's?
On the 2d of February the prisoner at the bar came to Mr. Johnson's, and knocked at the door.
Did you go to the door?
Yes, the prisoner said he had brought some feathers for the ladies, he gave me those feathers, and while I went up to shew them to the ladies
Where did you leave him when you went up stairs?
On the mat in the passage.
How long was you up stairs?
Not five minutes.
When you came down again, where was he?
The boy was gone, and the door left open.
Did you miss any thing?
I missed the seven forks from the side board, and four table spoons from the table.
Where was the side board?
In a room opposite the garden door.
Was the cloth laid?
Yes, for dinner.
How long had you seen them before the prisoner came?
I had not been in the parlour for some time, my fellow servant laid the cloth.
What time of the day was this?
Between three and four o'clock.
Did you go yourself into the parlour as soon as you came down and missed the boy?
Yes.
Did you see any thing of the things afterwards?
Not the forks or the spoons that were gone.
You brought the feathers down with you again?
Yes, I brought them down to tell him he had made a mistake, but when I came down the boy was gone.
I live with Mr. Johnson; I was not at home when the boy came, I came home afterwards. I laid the cloth at about half past two, in the parlour, I put eight table spoons on the table, two at each corner, I put five silver forks on the table and two butter spoons, and four silver falts and falt holders; on the side board there were seven silver forks lay all of a heap, and half a dozen desert spoons in the knife case, and one soup ladle.
What time was it you came home?
I believe it was near half past four.
What did you miss when you came home?
I missed the seven forks from the side-board, and four spoons from the table.
Did you see any of this plate again?
No, I have not seen it since.
You had not been in the parlour after the cloth was laid, till the boy went away?
No.
Then how was you able to say that you missed these things out of the parlour?
My fellow servant told me the cloth was laid.
Fix as near as you can what time of the day it was?
Between three and four.
What time of the day was it you went out?
About half past two as near as possible.
Pray where does your parlour door open to?
Just by the garden door in the passage.
