I am clerk to Mr. Hill, Gray's Inn. On the 21st of June I left my things at Mr. Norman's, Charlotte-buildings, Gray's Inn-lane; I slept that night with this woman; I left my things at her lodgings, I never knew her before she enticed me to her lodgings, it was Thursday last about twelve o'clock in the evening, she met me in holborn; she asked me to go home with her to sleep with her; I stayed all night, when I awoke in the morning the girl was gone, I awoke between six and seven, and I missed every article in the indictment; I never recovered any thing; the girl was found on Saturday last, and there was found on her a guinea and a half, twelve or thirteen shillings and one half crown, likewise a pen knife, which is mine, and another which is not.
Are you sure that the young woman from whom these things were taken, is the woman you slept with?
I have no doubt about it at all.
Can you swear to me?
Yes, I can.
It was the other young woman.
No, it was not.
Was there any other woman in the room?
There was not; nor did I see any other till I saw the candle light, there was a woman below where she light the candle when we went in, but that is the woman that I had connection with.
I am a butcher. In the afternoon of last Thursday, I and Mr. Shifton were drinking together, and he changed a five pound note with me, and I gave him a bad half crown out of a joke; next morning, Friday, between eight and nine I see him go by my shop without any buckles in his shoes, and I went to the house where we usually drink, and there I found he had been robbed; when I heard that he had been robbed, I said, I wonder whether he has lost the bad half crown that I gave him; and I went before the magistrate, and the officers brought forward an half crown, which he took from her; his name is Smith.
I saw Mr. Randall give the prosecutor a bad half crown in change of a five pound note, he gave it me into my hand, and he said, now I will have a joke with Mr. Shifton, and he said he would give it him.
Should you know the half crown?
I could not pretend to swear to it.
Should you have a belief about it?
Yes, I think I should.
Had you it in your hand?
I had not.
I am a single woman; I am on the town; I went up to Beccy Page's room for a light last Thursday night, or Friday morning, as it was past one o'clock.
Then this house is full of women of this description?
No, only me and Beccy Page, and that young woman the prisoner. When I went into the room she brought in the gentleman's shoes and buckles, and asked me to take them out; I told her I could not take them out; with that she took them out herself, and put them into her right hand pocket; she said she had got a person in the room, and made use of a very bad expression, and said she would rob him and strip him of every thing; Beccy Page was in the room as well as me, and heard it as well as me; I went home directly, I live at No. 9, both houses belong to one landlady.
How came you to give any account of it? was you taken up?
Yes.
Was any thing found on you?
No, they only came to me as a witness.
How came they to you?
Because I told Mr. Thackary, a shoemaker, in the morning what had happened.
If you did not live in this room, how came you to go to this house for a light?
I was in Beccy Page's room, she lives in the front room, and the prisoner in the back room of the same house.
I am a shoe-maker. On the 21st of June, last Friday, I saw Mr. Shifton standing at Mr. Norman's house; says he, my friend, I am robbed; this was about half after six in the morning; I said, who robbed you? says he, I don't know, I wish you would fetch a constable; I said who will go for a constable? accordingly Mrs. Norman let me search the house; says he, I slept in this back room, says I, this is the room that Elizabeth Harris lives in. We searched the room, and we could not find any thing belonging to a woman but a pair of patterns and a black beaver hat; that is all I know about it.
Did you hear any thing from any of the girls?
When I came home I saw Margaret Nicholls in my room; Harris, says she, has done a fine jobb this morning I dare say, for she said she would strip the gentleman of every thing, and I see her take his buckles out of his shoes; I said, what you have said I shall mention to Mr. Shifton you may depend upon it, so if it is an untruth unsay it now; says she, what I see I say; I picked up the straps in Beccy Page's room, where she said she had thrown them.
I live in the house with the prisoner, in the same habits of life; I live next door; I went up stairs to give a young woman a light, between one and two in the morning, Friday morning, and my door was standing open, the prisoner brought in a pair of shoes, took the buckles out, and threw the straps in the room; she first asked Margaret Nicholls to take them out; and she said she could not do any such thing; so she took them out herself, I see her do it, and she put them into her right hand pocket; she said she would rob him of every thing that he had.
Did you go and give the gentleman notice of it?
I did not; I had not the thought in my head.
Did you see me take the buckles out?
I did; and you took and put them into your right hand pocket.
I am a constable of Hatton-garden; I saw nothing of the robbery; I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday last in the parish of Clerkenwell, near Clerkenwell Prison; I examined her, and found a guinea and a half in gold, and eleven shillings and six-pence in silver, good and bad; six-pennyworth of copper farthings and half pence; two small shut knives, commonly called pen knives, both clasp knives; fifteen duplicates; but they did not lead to any thing as I have understood; and a box key; I found two half crowns, one bad one.
Are any shillings marked?
No.
Can you speak to any half-pence?
No, I can speak to the clasp knife, I know it by the wear; I had it two years, there is no mark particularly, but the person who ground it last put S. or Shipton on it, I don't know which, the maker's name is Charwood.
Do you swear absolutely to this knife being in your possession?
I do think also I know the half crown; I knew Mr. Randall gave me one, and I believe it to be the same I received of him.
This is the half crown I gave him positively, it has two or three scratches on it.
I believe this to be the half crown.
Was you drunk or sober when you picked up this girl?
I was a little in liquor I believe, I was not very much, I was not so much in liquor but I knew where I was.
Between eleven and twelve o'clock I was walking up Holborn, and another young woman with me, I met this gentleman and a tall thin young lad, and I spoke to the young lad that was with the gentleman, and the other young woman spoke to that gentleman; says she to me, shall we all go home to your room? no, says I, my landlady don't like it. O, says she, she will be in bed. We went to my room, and the gentleman gave me six pence to get something to drink; he did not chuse me, he liked the other young woman best; so I asked him for a trifle more; he gave half a crown and a shilling to get some rum, and I went down stairs, and left the other young woman with him; the other young man went off before we were at the top of the stairs, and said to me let me change hats with him, he is quite in liquor, he will not know it. I suppose this man robbed him, I know he was nothing better that a pickpocket, I suppose he robbed him, and then wanted to get rid of him.
Was you in company with any other young woman?
I was not.
You went to bed with this woman, did you give her any money, or make her any present?
I did.
Did you give her the half crown?
I don't know that I did.
Do you recollect whether you gave her gold or silver?
Silver.
