I am an innholder at the George in Aldermanbury ; I lost my black coat November the 10th, Sunday, it was taken from the coffee room in my own house, the prisoner at the bar, went into the coffee room about eight o'clock in the evening, and took it off the hook, there were several gentlemen in the coffee room besides.
Was you in the room when he first came in?
No, I was not. The gentlemen that were in the room gave me information that he had taken down one of the great coats, in consequence of that we bolted the outer door where he came in at, we did not do any thing till we saw which way he came with it, I saw him in the coffee room.
What did you see him do in that coffee room?
Not any thing at all, I was not in the same room, only I looked through the window, I saw him when I came out of the coffee room into the room where I was sitting, we call that the bar room.
Could he see you in the bar room?
Yes, he went to go into the street and the door was bolted, he could not get out, I went to him and took hold of him and he dropped the great coat from behind his own coat, I saw him drop it.
Where was he when he dropped it?
In the bar room.
Did you pick it up immediately?
No, the constable picked it up.
Did you seize him?
The waiter seized him, he is here.
What was done with the coat?
The constable has got it.
Who gave it to the constable?
Upon my word I don't know I am sure.
Did you see it given to the constable?
I did not take particular notice, but I know he has got it.
Where did you last see it before it was missing?
I never saw it at all till it was taken by the man; it was not my property, but the Lord Mayor told me I was responsible for it, the gentleman was not in the house that it belongs to.
This room is part of the house where your Inn is kept?
It is
What was the gentleman's name to whom it belonged?
Saddle.
I am a servant to my brother. On the 10th of November, about eight in the evening, the prisoner at the bar came into the coffee room at the George in Aldermanbury, he placed himself down in one of the boxes for about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, where this great coat was laying on the box; I see him take hold of the coat to put it underneath his own coat, two or three minutes afterwards, after the coat was lost out of sight, he came out of the coffee room, I watched him, and he attempted to go out of doors, I saw part of the great coat hanging down under his own, he had a great coat on, I stepped up to him and took him by the collar and said, halloo, where are you going with that great coat? The prisoner replied, I have got no great coat; immediately as I took him by the collar he dropped the great coat from behind, I sent for a constable and took him into a back parlour and had him searched.
Who took up the coat?
I did, and delivered it to the constable.
Is this a woollen cloth coat?
It is.
You are brother to the person that keeps the inn?
I am.
the person to whom this great coat belongs was in the coffee room at that time?
I don't know that.
Is the person who owns the coat here?
He is.
I am a constable. I produce a great coat which was delivered to me, and the prisoner into custody, which I took to the compter.
Who delivered it to you?
Mr. Christopher Clarke , I have kept it ever since.
I was not in the coffee-house at the time; I was there in the morning, but I went away, and left the great coat; I was not there at the time the prisoner was there. This is the coat I left there. I know it by the buttons, size, and pockets; I have no doubt about it.
I came to this gentleman's house on the 10th of last month, which was the Sunday, I came into the coffee-room, and called for a glass of rum and water; I stayed there some time, I cannot recollect the time, about twenty minutes after I called for the rum and water, and paid for it, at the same time as I was sitting in the box; before I went, I took the coat which laid on the table; I had my own on at the same time; at that time I was rather intoxicated, and did not know myself very well; I took the coat, and went as far as the door of the coffee-room, where I was stopped, there I found I had my own coat on; and Mr. Clarke took the coat away from me out of my hand; I was so giddy at the time, I could scarcely recollect who stopped me; then I immediately delivered the coat, according to what they took from me, and said nothing at all, as I found I had got my own on, I recollected that I made a mistake; for my intentions were not to have taken away the coat, I assure you, it was through mistake and intoxication, that I had that misfortune.
Did he appear to you very much in liquor?
No.
Did he say any thing more to you, more than what you have stated?
He dropped the coat immediately as I took hold of him.
Was the prisoner sober?
He was.
Was his own great coat buttoned?
It was, and the boy's coat under it.
I understand you to say, that you saw him put it under his own coat?
I saw him put it under his own great coat, and the sleeves hung down under his own great coat.
It is false, I did not put it under my great coat, I had it on my arm, as if I was going to put it on.
