The gown was my daughter's, my husband had been dead about eleven months, I keep a public house ; the prisoner came in and asked for a pot of beer, another was with him, and they went into the skittle ground for about five or six minutes, and then the prisoner ran through the passage, and his companion who was with him said, what a scaly fellow he is not to pay for the quartern of gin, which he has lost, but however I will stay and have it; my daughter looked out and saw him running as hard as ever he could, my daughter called me and I saw when he was out that he had a bundle under his right arm, and I am sure he had none when he came into the house.
I lost my gown on Saturday the 8th of June, I saw it in the house about twelve o'clock and discovered it gone about half after twelve, I saw it was gone off the line.
Did you see any body take it?
No. I saw Campbell was in the yard and his friend, and there was nobody else in the yard; I saw him run away, he walked as hard as he could, he had got a bundle under his right side; the runners went after him and took him, I saw him again at Hog-lane, some days afterward.
Did you ever get your gown again?
No.
Was there other people in the house besides the prisoner?
Nobody but him and his friend, and me and the person that was scourering.
On the 8th of June Saturday, I was helping the girl to scourer; and the prisoner at the bar, and his companion, came into the skittle ground and they knocked down the skittles, from that this good man ran away, and I followed him and said to him, where is your friend? you are the man that took the gown and he continued running and said come this way and you will see him.
I met this other man and he asked me to have part of a pot of beer, after we had the drink, he asked if we should go in and play at skittles? when I went into the ground there were four men just done playing, one of them had his coat off, I was obliged to go home to leave some victuals at home; as I was coming down Wheeler-street I met this man again, I asked him why he did not stay, he said, he was obliged to go because he was sent for; as I was walking back again I met this girl, and she asked me whether I was not in the skittle ground? I said I was going to the same skittle ground, but I did not know whose it was, particularly she asked me what was the man in the white coat? I told her where he told me he was going.
