I am an attorney in Stamford-street, over Black-friar's-bridge. On the 14th of November last, I went up to Piccadilly about four in the afternoon; I had occasion to go to receive 152 l. of the father of the prisoner; his father kept a public-house opposite St. James's Church; the 152 l. was for the debt and costs of a judgment in an action in which I was concerned; I saw the father; he asked me to walk into a parlour; I staid with him some time; he told me he expected to receive the money by six o'clock, to pay me between six and seven; I had been previously to Westminster, and had not dined; and drinking some rum and water, I found myself exceedingly intoxicated, and desired a coach might be got; a coach was got; it might be about seven or eight o'clock; I directed the coachman to drive me to my own house; I am not certain, but pretty sure, nobody was with me in the coach; I found, instead of driving me home, they drove me to a house in the Strand; I was alone in the coach; I do not know whether I told the coachman to stop in the Strand, but he said I ordered him to do so; the coach stopped at a public-house near St. Clement's Church; as far as I can recollect, I was angry with the coachman for stopping; words ensued between me and the coachman; I went into the public-house; the coachman was there; I came out afterwards to get into the coach, between Piccadilly and the Strand ; the prisoner got into the coach; I recollect that he was on the coach-box, and it rained; he says, and so does the coachman, that I invited him into the coach; I think I did not, but am not certain; the prisoner was in the public-house, and so was the coachman; I do not know how long we staid, or what liquor we drank; the coachman and the prisoner came out of the house with me, when I came out to go home, which was my intent; the prisoner and others began pushing and hustling me; he said (the prisoner) that I had robbed his father of 152 l. he gave me a great deal of abusive language; I observed, on a sudden, that some of my money tumbled down upon the stones, out of my pocket; my pocket was turned inside out; I saw part of the money on the stones; I stooped to pick it up; when I put my hand upon the money, the prisoner put his foot on the top of my hand: I was obliged to take it away; on my second attempt to pick it up, he pushed me away; he put his foot on the money; he stooped down, and picked up some of it; I am not sure, whether all; I called out that I was robbed! some people came up, and desired that he would be content with robbing me, without abusing me; I rob him! says he; not I; he has received 152 l. of my father, and has got it in his pocket now; he was taken to the watch-house; I had half a guinea and some silver; I had changed a guinea at Westminster; I had no money left in my pocket, nor can I say exactly what I lost; when he was taken to the watch-house, I told the constable I had lost half a guinea and some silver; he was searched, and half a guinea and four and six-pence, or five shillings, was found upon him; whether it was mine, I could not say; he was asked how he came by the money? he said he had sold clothes, as much as came to fifteen shillings; the next morning he wanted clean linen; the constable went to the prisoner's trunk; and when he returned, he asked him how he came to pledge his breeches for a shilling on that day? he then said he was not bound to give an account there; before the justice he said I had given him the money.
You came to the watering-house about eight o'clock?
I believe so.
Did you go immediately into the public-house?
I do not know.
There are a number of women of the town about this place?
I do not know.
There were several people round you?
Yes; but none was near, or so near as the prisoner, when my pocket was turned out; it was him who hustled me.
I live facing Arundel-street, Strand, with my father; he is a hair-dresser; my mother sent me out between nine and ten on an, errand; and as I was coming back, I saw Mr. James, and Barnes, the prisoner at the bar, and the coachman, between my father's house and the colour-shop; the prisoner made a lunge at Mr. James; I saw him put his right hand into Mr. James's right hand pocket, and he turned it out, let some of the money drop, and some he catched in his hand; I saw Mr. James stoop, and I saw the prisoner put his foot upon Mr. James's hand, and pick it up; the prisoner said, I will be damned if he has not the 152 l. about him. A constable was sent for; the prisoner was taken to my father's.
I am beadle. I was at a friend's house, and was informed there was a great riot at my door; I came home directly: I saw a great number of people assembled in a very riotous manner. Mr. James said, this man had robbed him, and ill-treated him; in order to avoid the croud, I took them into my shop; the prisoner said, you damned scoundrel, I rob you! you have got 150 l. and upwards, which you had of my father; Mr. James said, you are a bad fellow; you know I know you are a bad fellow; and the prisoner struck him, and closed up one of his eyes; I got between them; he again struck Mr. James on the breast; I then sent for two constables.
I am a constable. I was sent for between nine and ten on the 14th of November, to a house, the sign of the Angel and Sun, to take this man into custody; I took him to the watch-house; I searched him, and found half a guinea and four or five shillings.
On the 14th of November, about six o'clock, I called at the George in Piccadilly; the boy said, your father is in the parlour; going into the parlour, I saw Mr. James coming out; I said, how do you do, Mr. James? he said, are not you Mr. Barnes's son? I said, yes; I called him on one side, and asked him to lend me a shilling or two; upon this he put his hand into his pocket, pulled out his money, and gave me half a guinea and four shillings; I said, I do not want so much; he said, poh, poh, keep it; I am going to receive a sum of money of your father; nothing more occurred for two hours; Mr. James came out of the parlour again, and was going into the street into the coach; he was put into the coach, and the coachman asked him where he was to drive him to? he was so drunk he could not tell him; I said, he lives on the other side of Black-friar's-bridge; my father was in liquor, and could not tell the coachman where to drive Mr. James to; the man that keeps the public-house, said to me, Ned, get upon the coach-box, and see him home; I said, I do not rightly know where he lives; I got upon the coach-box, along with the coachman, about one hundred yards; Mr. James called me then, and said, Barnes, come in the coach, it rains; I told the coachman not to mind him; he then called out, God damn you, stop; the coachman got down, and let him out; he made me get in before him; we went to the sign of the Sun, near St. Clement's; there we both got out; as soon as I got into the house, he, without any provocation, struck me in the mouth, and knocked out one of my teeth; I struck him on the nose, and he fell behind the grate; the coachman asked what all that was about, and asked for his fare, which was seven or eight shillings; he refused to pay it, and said he did not hire the coach; then we shook hands; but afterwards the coachman and I gave charge of him for assaulting us; they took me down a court to the watch-house; they put me up stairs; I had a bed, for which I paid a shilling; Mr. James was brought in soon after; and he had a bed in the next room; he broke the pannel of the door, and I crept under the bed for fear, as he said he would be the death of me.
