I am wife of Roger Bitten , White-horse court, Sun-street, Bishopsgate-street ; he is a gentleman's coachman , a lodger; two more lodge in the same house; it is one of Mr. Bligh's houses; he lets it out in tenements to different persons, he does not live there, nor any of his family; I have the ground-floor; nobody else lives on the ground-floor, except me and my husband, and a child two years and one month old; I had been out to work on the 28th of December, about three o'clock in the afternoon, and when I came home I found the staple drawn; I had left nobody in the apartment; I am sure I padlocked the door; I returned home about a quarter after eight in the evening; nobody else had the key of the padlock besides me; when I returned I found the padlock taken of; I am sure the staple was firmly fixed when I left home; I went into my room, and found the shutter open on the outside that was bolted inside with two bolts, and the sash wide open; I am certain it was fast when I left the room; I did not perceive any marks of violence; it had been opened from the inside, and not from the out; a deal box was missing, and two silk gowns, one cotton gown, one suit of black clothes, &c. a good many of them were found in the box afterwards; the things had been taken out of two boxes, and one drawer, to the\\ amountof 7 l. many are here; I saw them after they were found; the prisoner's mother lodged with me, in my apartment; he has been at sea; he used to come to his mother almost every day; she had been fetched out on the Monday before, to nursing; we all lived in one room; the robbery was Wednesday night; the prisoner lodged at Mrs. Williams's, Long-alley, where the property was found.
I live in Long-alley, No. 6; my husband keeps a coal-shed; I know the man at the bar; he lodged with me about a fortnight, and he told me he had left his box at Blackwall, as he had come from sea, and should bring his box in about a week; on the 28th of December he brought a box, and said he had brought his box; it was half an hour past nine at night; he went out directly, and staid an hour; he went out in the morning at eleven, or half after, and never came in till he brought the box; I lighted him up with it; I will take my oath it was the same he brought in that the officers took away about half past eleven; I am sure.
What time did he go away from you that night?
He went home at half past nine on my telling him that his mother had been there.
Did he return that night?
He came in again about half past ten, and the men came at eleven, and while we were talking to him, I believe he ran out, for he did not lay at home that night, and when the men came up to look for the box, he was gone, and had left his shoes and stockings behind him.
I have an apartment in White-horse court, Sun-street; I live with Mr. Lovegrove, No. 45, Mansell-street, Goodman's-fields; I went to Long-alley about eleven o'clock, the 28th of December; I had heard of the robbery; my wife told me when I came home; I sleep at home; it was Sarah Williams 's house; the prisoner was not there; I went up to the prisoner's apartment, and two men and a girl, and afterwards Sarah Williams , came up, and I found this box; it is my box, I am very clear of it; I took it away the next morning; after that night Mrs. Williams did not know whether I was right or wrong; I went about half past nine the next morning, and took the box away with me, with an officer; there was in it a suit of black clothes of mine, and other things, which my wife knows better than I.
Are you sure that is the box that was in the prisoner's room?
- I will take my oath that is the box; and nobody lodged or had any thing in the room but himself.
I am a constable; I went to Long-alley on the 29th of December, early, about half past nine, and found this box in the prisoner's apartment; the prisoner was not there; I found the prisoner in Leadenhall-street that day about eleven o'clock, and searched him, and found fifteen shillings in silver, this knife, and this key. (Produced.) Bitten said it was his key; he had had it twenty years, he knew. (Shewed to Bitten, and deposed to.) It unlocks the box exceeding well.
Was that box in your house on the 28th of December?
It was.
What was in it?
Two silk gowns, worth 1 l. one cotton gown, worth 8 s. a sattin cloak, worth 1 l. a pair of stays and two linen shirts, worth 10 s. besides a coat, waistcoat, and breeches.
Are you sure all the things in the box are your husband's property?
I am; I am certain they were all in my house when I went out; and, besides, I know the box.
I live in Sun-street, the other side of the way to Mr. Bitten's: at half past seven I went for my lodger's shirt, to Mrs. Bitten; I saw a light, and called for the shirt, and the light was blown out directly; I did not see who was in the room, but I heard somebody's feet scrape across the floor; I felt if the padlock was on, and it was not; and I tried to unlatch the door, and I could not; there was no staple on neither.
The box that I took into the house a man has had it here these three days, but he is not here this morning; and the key that was taken from me was the key that unlocks that box; I have no witnesses now; they have been here these three days.
