Were any geldings missing at any time?
Not before them two; that was the 8th of January, I don't know the day of the week, this here man came into our yard, and he wanted an employment; it was about eleven o'clock, between ten and eleven.
Do you mean in Lad-lane?
Yes, he said he lived with Mr. Bolton as horse keeper, at Charing Cross; I desired him to ride the horses round Moorfields, Finsbury-square; they were some that had bad colds on them; and I asked him if he knew where our farrier lived? he said he did, some wanted something done to their shoulders, I told him to ride them to him; instead of riding into Moorfields, he rode up Silver-street, across Smithfield into Holborn, and here he sold them. I told him I would satisfy him for riding them out a bit, as he had nothing else to do. He was not in any employ otherwise, when the time was up, I found he did not come back, I began to be rather uneasy about four or five o'clock; he went out with them between eleven and twelve; then I went out to Charing-cross to Mr. Bolton's head hostler, to know if ever he knew such a man, and whether he lived there? he said he did not, but I might hear of him at the Ship, at Charing-cross. I went down there and the master gave me a very bad character. I did not find him, I heard of him; he was taken in the Broad way, Westminster. I never saw him till he was taken, it was in the same month, about eight or nine days afterward, I saw him then at the office, Westminster.
Have you ever seen your horses again?
No.
He did not ask you to ride them out?
No, I asked him to ride them out for an hour or two, and would satisfy him.
What were they?
Geldings.
How many had he?
Two.
What might the value of them be?
I don't know, the horses were in bad condition, worth about four pounds in that condition, but we do not sell them, we keep them when they are worked
down to get them about again if possible. I am sure that is the man.
I am a horse dealer, the prisoner at the bar brought me two horses on the 8th of January last, nearly about twelve o'clock, Tuesday, I think the day was.
Where did he bring them to?
Oxford-street, where I live; he asked me if I would buy them? I asked him what was the matter with them? he told me they were glandered. I asked him where he brought them from? he told me from Lad-lane; I asked him why he brought them so far? he gave me for answer, that he was going into Piccadilly to fetch a letter bag back, that was left by one of the mail coaches, and that he might as well bring them to me as any body else; he said he was going to the White Horse Cellar. I asked him what he wanted for the horses? he asked me two guineas and a half for them; I told him it was more than I gave any body at that time of the yeat, I would give him but two guineas; he said when he lived with Mr. Parminster I always used to give him a shilling when he brought a horse for himself; I told him I would not go from that rule, I would give him a shilling for each horse, besides the two guineas, which I did; he had lived with Mr. Parminster, Duke-street, Manchester-square.
That there gentleman told me that the horses were glandered, and told me to try to sell them some where.
It was some days after this that Mr. Smith and another gentleman that is here, asked me if I did buy two horses? I told them I did; they were both glandered, to the best of my knowledge, it is impossible for any hostler, or any doctor, to swear positively to that kind. I took them to be slaughtered the same day myself, and Mr. Smith called on me after he had apprehended the prisoner. Mr. Smith called at my house, and I told him they were down in the inspector's book; one was a chesnut, very much rubbed, and the other, I think, was a dark bay, or a brown, I am not clear to that.
What was the description of these horses that you lost?
One was a chesnut horse, cut a little with the barness; the other was a brown bay.
You never see them after they went out of your yard?
Never.
I was in the public house, the corner of the gateway, and the hostler asked me if I would have a ride? why, yes, says I, I don't care if I do; he went up and asked me if I would ride them geldings? when he got them out into the street, he said they were glandered, and says he, go try and sell them, and I knew this gentleman in Oxford-street, that he bought horses, and I went to him and sold them; and I had to go to Piccadilly and I never returned again.
Are you positive that you never held any language to this man that he could understand that you wished him to sell them?
Nothing at all, upon my oath.
Were the horses glandered?
I cannot say they were, or were not; the chesnut horse had some little appearance of it, but the brown horse had no appearance at all.
Did you give him directions to go to the White Horse Cellar?
No, none at all.
I took the prisoner on Friday the 7th of January.
