Are you servant to Mr. Thomas Wattleworth ?
Yes, I am.
He keeps a linen draper's shop in Wigmore-street ?
He does.
Look first of all at the prisoner at the bar and tell me whether you know him?
I do. The prisoner at the bar, on the morning of the 18th of November, about eleven or twelve o'clock, came to the shop, saying he came by the desire of Mrs. Cunningham of Egham-green; he had two patterns in his hand to get for her a yard of muslin and three yards of callico, to pattern; I took down the muslin wrapper, telling him we had not any to match it, he pointed to one said that would do as she was not particular; I cut him off a yard of muslin, and afterwards three yards of callico to match his patterns, he then put them up, and he said he would call in Mrs. Cunningham's servant who was at the door, he brought in a person whom he gave Mrs. Cunningham's parcel to; he then asked me if Mr. Wattleworth was within? I told him no; he then said he wanted to look at some shirts, as he had just come from the Continent he said he would want a large quantity; I shewed him some shirts, in the mean time Mr. Wattleworth came in, I pointed to him and said, that is Mr. Wattleworth, on my saying so Mr. Wattleworth came and shewed him some shirts, and he and I afterwards had no more conversation.
Did you hear what past, or see what past between Mr. Wattleworth and him?
I was not present at the time; Mr. Wattleworth called to me to take down his address, I took a book which was kept for that purpose and afterwards shewed it to him; the name which he gave me was lieutenant colonel George Lyse, there was also put down Mrs. Cunningham, Egham-green, but whether that was made before or after I cannot be positive.
Did you shew him the book?
Yes, he said it was right.
Had you made the entry of Mrs. Cunningham, and her address, from what you heard of the gentleman at the bar?
The yard of muslin and three yards of callico was down in the book, to Mrs. Cunningham, Egham-green.
Did you take that down from what you heard at his mouth?
Yes.
You may as well produce the book where you took down the order, and the book where you have credited Mrs. Cunningham.
No mark, only our private mark for seventeen shillings and sixpence.
Did the prisoner come to you in the dress in which he is now in?
No, he did not.
You understood that he had lately come from the Continent?
I did not know the prisoner at all.
You know it now that he has served in the army on the Continent?
I have heard so.
I think you said, that he said that he had lately come from the Continent?
He said, he came from Mrs. Cunningham's, and she had been a ready money customer with Mr. Wattleworth, I supposed so; I had but lately come to Mr. Wattleworth's.
Where this ready money customer lived you did not know, whether at York or Barnet, or where, she might live at Egham-green, for what you know of your own knowledge?
I don't know.
After having given credit for this muslin and callico, these articles were delivered to Mrs. Cunningham's servant?
So he said.
A servant in livery, was it?
I don't know that he was in livery.
There was a servant that was said to be Mrs. Cunningham's servant?
I don't know to the contrary.
It was not till after that time that he talked, or had said any thing to Mr. Wattleworth about the shirt?
It was not.
So that that bargain was completely struck as with Mrs. Cunningham, and delivered to Mrs. Cunningham's servant?
Yes.
Now we will get along to the shirt?
The shirt; Mr. Wattleworth came into the shop at the time.
So this same person that had this bargain with you for the muslin and callico, he then applied to you for a shirt, stating that he had come from the Continent and wanted shirts?
He did.
He was to take one home by the permission of Mr. Wattleworth?
That Mr. Wattleworth will best explain himself.
I believe the prisoner was examined a great many times at Bow-street?
I believe he was.
I believe you attended on account of some gentlemen giving their opinion whether this was a felony or no?
I don't know, I was entirely under the direction of Mr. Wattleworth.
Now this shirt, who did you deliver it to?
To lieutenant colonel Lyle.
Now before the magistrates at Bow-street, did not the major say that he was ready to pay for that shirt?
No, I did not hear him say so at Bow-street.
When was you at Bow-street?
I don't exactly recollect the day.
You don't recollect the major offering to pay for the shirt?
I believe he sent up a person to our master, saying he would pay for what articles he had, and return the shirt; I think this was after the first night of his appearance at Bow-street.
Then after the first night of his appearance at Bow-street he sent up word to your master, offering to pay for all these articles and return the shirt?
Yes, I believe that is as near as I can state it; I heard it mentioned.
No offer of this kind was made by him, or any body sent by him, till after Mr. Wattleworth appeared against him at Bow-street?
No.
Was this shirt sold?
No, he only took it as a pattern.
Do you know the prisoner, the gentleman at the bar?
Yes, I do.
Tell us what past between him and you on this occasion?
On the 18th of November last, about noon, on going into my shop, I observed the prisoner at the bar in treaty with my young man about shirts; on my coming into my shop my young man observed to him, that is Mr. Wattleworth; he addressed himself to me, and told me he had come from his sister, Mrs. Cunningham, that she had recommended him, and he wanted a parcel of shirts; I shewed him one which he fixed on, and which was agreed that he should take it down to his sister that night, as he conceived that she was a much better judge of linen than him, and that he meant to return to town the next morning and would bring the shirt along with him, and give orders for what he wanted; he mentioned the number he wanted, but I cannot remember exactly whether he said he wanted a number of shirts, or a certain number; the shirt was put up in a paper and delivered to a man, and he went away; but in the course of conversation respecting selling them, he observed that he had lately come from the Continent, and it was likewise observed that he had purchased the muslin and callico for Mrs. Cunningham. He gave his address.\"Lieutenant colonel Lyle,\" which I desired my young man to put down, and either \"Egham,\" or \"Egham-green,\" I am not certain which, but it was put down in the order book, and shewn him, and he said it was right.
When did you see him next?
At the bar at Bow-street.
That was on Monday night, the 6th of January?
It may be so.
Did you before or after that make enquiry at Egham-green?
I did not before, it was afterwards; I made this enquiry myself, I went to Egham, I enquired in the first place of the overseer of the parish, and he went with me to several other persons, as he said, the oldest inhabitants of the place.
Who did you enquire for?
For Mrs. Cunningham; I found there was no such person at Egham, nor had lived at Egham for any time. The colonel was very well known there, but not Mrs. Cunningham.
Did you find such a place as Egham-green?
There is no such place as Egham-green, there is Inglefield-green; I did not go to Inglefield-green, but I made enquiry of those that kept house at Inglefield-green, and they said there was no such person lived there, there had been a person of that name who had lived there about eight or ten years ago.
As to the value of the goods, is that a fair value that you put in the indictment?
Yes, it is.
Did you hear any thing of the colonel between that time and the time you saw him at Bow-street?
No, I did neither see nor hear of him.
Mrs. Cunningham, we understand, had been a ready money customer of your's?
Yes.
A Mrs. Cunningham had also lived at Egham?
At Inglefield-green there had been a Mrs. Cunningham, about eight or ten years, so I was informed.
In consequence of Mrs. Cunningham being a ready money customer, you was induced to give credit for these goods?
The credit was given before I came in, on his making use of the name of Mrs. Cunningham.
The making use of the name of Mrs. Cunningham, being a ready money customer of your's, you was induced to let him have the shirt to return the next morning?
Certainly.
You stated to my learned friend, that Mrs. Cunningham was not known at Egham, but the colonel was known at Egham?
It was so.
And he told you that her address was at Egham or Egham-green?
Exactly so.
You say you did not make any enquiry till after you had been at Bow-street, and I suppose you was induced to do so from the recommendation that you received there, to make enquiry about it?
It was so.
Therefore the time that this shirt was lent in order to be returned the next day, that did not go the length to induce you to make any enquiry till after you see the prisoner at Bow-street?
It did not.
I believe at Bow-street there were three examinations?
There were.
I believe it was not until counsel's opinion had been had, that he was committed?
I know the counsel's opinion was had, and he was committed afterwards.
Now, how long was it before he offered to pay for the things?
I don't know that it was ever offered; the evening after my appearance at Bow-street, a person came to me and asked me whether I did not appear against lieutenant colonel Lyle? I told him I did; says he, sir, if he will pay you for the articles he has had of you, and return the shirt, will you give it up and not appear against him in the evening? I told him I knew nothing of him, who he was, or who he came from; and I believe he said he came from lieutenant colonel Lyle.
Then this whole long speech is, that this person said, he came from lieutentant colonel Lyle, and was ready to pay for the articles he had had. With respect to Mrs. Cunningham, the articles which he said were for Mrs. Cunningham, you had debited Mrs. Cunningham?
I had.
Not on his credit, but on her credit?
I placed it on her credit.
You say at Egham you went to the overseer?
Yes.
The overseer went about with you?
Yes, and another person.
You probably looked at the parish books?
No, I did not.
Egham is a large place we know?
It is.
Inglefield joins it?
It is a little distance from it.
You did not enquire at every house?
Not at every house.
But you do not mean to swear that Mrs. Cunningham did not live at Egham?
I could not find her out, I conceive that every enquiry that was necessary, was made.
Have you always been sure about the name of the person that Mr. Lyle made use of? have you always said it was Cunningham?
No.
I believe you made some mistake about it; you first said it was Mrs. Graham?
I did, and I will tell you how that happened; in the Sunday pap I see the advertisement concerning lieutenant colonel Lyle being taken u and I went to Bow-street the next day to see if he was the person.
This is going over the case again.
I am coming to it.
Did you ever say her name was Graham first?
I did; I said, to the best of my recollection, that I thought it was Graham; but I was at that time quite unprepared.
In point of fact did you make enquiry at Inglefield-green?
I did not.
Of course you don't know of your own knowledge whether Mrs. Cunningham had lived there or not?
I had not been at Inglefield-green.
Though you did not go to Inglefield-green, did you enquire of the people at Inglefield-green?
I did.
Have you ever, from that time to this, heard or seen any thing of Mrs. Cunningham about these articles?
I never have.
And never any application from the colonel till after the affair at Bow-street?
Never till after the first appearance.
You told us that the prisoner had said that he came from the Continent. In point of fact, I believe he had been very ill?
I don't know that.
You don't know that he had received some wounds?
I don't know that, he never told me that.
