I am an officer of Excise.
Do you know the premises of Mr. Owen Riley , at Collier's row, near Rumford, Essex ?
Yes; he is a soap-boiler, and his premises are entered as such; I went there on the 20th of April, 1795, about eleven o'clock at night; Mr. Wright, the officer, who surveyed the soap-house, was with me; as we came towards the soap-house, we heard a great noise; the soap house being made out of an old barn, quilt with wood, and being much decayed, there were a number of crevices in almost every part of the building, through which we could see every thing that passed; I saw very plainly, Owen Riley taking the soap out of the copper, and putting it into a tub or bucket; Owen Rooke was taking part of it from the copper to a cart, which was drawn up under the copper; John Kiernan took the buckets, which contained soap, from Owen Rooke , and emptied them into some boxes or other things, which they had in the cart; the prisoner appeared to be kneeling on some covers of boxes; there was also another person in the cart, son to John Kiernan , whom they called Tommy, who was holding the candle, and doing what other things they might want him to do; seeing they were five, and we but two, I judged it imprudent for me and Mr. Wright to enter the soap-house; in consequence of which, I desired Mr. Wright to go and get some soldiers to our assistance, who were quartered in the neighbourhood; in the mean time I continued to make further observations; Mr. Wright was but just gone from me, when I heard a dog bark in the soap-house; in consequence of which, being fearful of being discovered, I drew back a short distance from the soap-house under a cart; the dog then came out, and Kiernan came out with a candle in his hand; upon which, another dog rushed out, and he called to the dog, and bid him be quiet; but instead of silencing the dog, it irritated him the more; I conceived myself to be in a perilous situation, and I went on the opposite side of the soap-house, and placed myself behind some timber that was placed as a fence on the other side of the road; I remained there till four o'clock in the morning, and then hearing very little noise in the soap-house, and the dog done barking, I approached the door of the soap-house, it was partly open; upon looking in, I saw nobody there but Rooke, and I went in and examined the slate of the copper, it appeared to me to have been lately charged; I asked Rooke if they had not been lading it out of the copper; he told me they had not; I then looked round the soap-house, and found a box of soap in a fluid state, under two other boxes; I told him, I had taken an account of what there was, and was going towards the house of Kiernan, where Riley lived, to apprize him of these circumstances; in going there, I met Mr. Wright, and in consequence of what I heard from him, we went in to Kiernan's, his daughter saw us across the garden; I then went to the spot where I had received information from Mr. Wright, that the rest of the soap had been conveyed; while we were searching, Kiernan came out in a violent hurry, asked me what business I had there, took me by the collar, and threw me against Mr. Wright; I told him I was come about a quantity of soap that I was informed had been carried there; he told me the information was false, that I had no authority to come there, and at the same time, caught up a pitchfork, and swore he would stick me through, unless I quitted the premises immediately, making one or two thrusts at me; I then went out on the Common with Mr. Wright, and told him it was necessary he should go to get more assistance, he not having been able to procure any, as I was determined to see the matter through before I quitted the premises; Kiernan went into his house, and returned again shortly after, desiring me to walk in, that we might talk the matter over together, as he took me to be another sort of person; I told him, I came there to do my duty, and I was resolved on doing it; he went in again, and returned with the prisoner and his son; his son ran out on the Common, and caught a horse; while the prisoner entered into conversation with me, Kiernan harnessed the horse, and placed him in the cart; he then drew the cart towards the stable, took a key out of his pocket, and unlocked the padlock; upon which, Kiernan and Riley took out four boxes of soap, and put them in the cart; when the cart was loaded, and they were going to drive it out of the yard, I attempted to walk away to the lower gate, where the cart was to be brought out, when the prisoner at the bar sprung on me, and wrested a large stick which I had, out of my hand; he then struck me several blows, aiming at my head; which I caught on my arm; seeing two soldiers approach, I closed with him, to prevent him from striking me; and in the struggle, the prisoner being joined by Owen Rooke, who had a hoe in his hand, I fell to the ground; the prisoner falling on me, we struggled together for some time; at length I regained my legs; I kept pursuing the cart, Brady keeping close up with me; the soldiers being at this time engaged with the other two men, began to call out for further assistance; when I had got some way on the Common, the prisoner attacked me again; he struck me several blows with the same stick; when closing with him again, we both fell to the ground; he got his fingers inside my neckcloth, and gave it a twist; Rooke then came up with the hoe in his hand, and called out to him, to lay me out, and he would finish me; upon which, he made two blows at my head with the back part of the hoe; having on a high crowned hat, and one or two handkerchiefs tucked in the top of it, it broke the blow and prevented it doing me any injury; one of the soldiers then coming to my assistance, Rooke was drawn off from me; I begged they would not murder me, and having committed one crime, add to it another of a more heinous nature; I reasoned with them as they lay upon me; the prisoner then got off me, and I went on; Rooke then pursued me, having left the soldiers, and made several blows at me with the he, which blows I avoided by doubling forward; upon which I put my hand into my great coat pocket, and drew a pistol out; I told him, if he struck another blow at me, I would fire at him.
Was your pistol loaden?
Yes; but I had not produced it before; I passed him, and then the prisoner, whom I threatened, if he attempted to strike at me I would do the same by him, Kiernan was some way on, engaged with one of the soldiers; I then came up with him; he struck at me with a pitchfork; I told him to be careful how he struck again, as I was determined to fire at him if he aimed another blow at me, when, seeing some more soldiers coming to my assistance, he desisted from striking any more at me; I pursued the cart, and came up with it; Kiernan's lad, who was driving the cart, struck me with a supple-jack that he had in his hand; I immediately jumped into the cart, took the cover off one of the boxes, and found it to contain soap in a fluid state, quite warm; I took possession of it accordingly; I should suppose there was about seven hundred weight of it.
Whereabouts is the duty upon soap?
Twopence farthing a pound.
Were you much hurt by these blows?
Very much about the arms; I could not put on a close-bodied coat for several days afterwards.
Have you taken any measures to find out this man, and the others?
Yes, as long as I remained in that part of the country, but I was never able to find them; I indicted them the July Sessions of that year, within a month or two after.
How long have you been in the service of the Ex cise?
Upwards of seven years, in different departments.
This happened on the 20th of April, 1795?
On the night of the 20th of April, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I arrived at the soap-house, and, about four in the morning of the 26th, I went in; it was a little after day-break.
You went to a spot of which you had received information from Wright to search?
Yes.
Pray what did you go to search for?
A quantity of soap which had been conveyed from the soap-house that morning.
I presume being an officer of Excise, you sent for a constable?
I told Mr. Wright to get proper assistance.
When Kiernan first had you by the collar, he asked you for your authority?
He did.
Of course I presume you produced one?
Not having a warrant about me, I quitted the premises; I thought having seen the goods in the soap-house; we thought the goods would be conveyed away if we waited for a warrant.
Did you or not obtain a warrant to search these premises from any Magistrate?
I did not.
You went for no other object at all but the fair exercise of your duty to discover this soap?
No other.
I don't doubt but you were grossly ill used; but do you really mean to state, upon your oath, that you believe he meant to strangle you when you were struggling?
I do not know what he intended; I believe he had no other intention.
That you swear?
I do.
Two young women came out, and screamed out, that you would hurt the prisoner?
They were acquainted with him, and were afraid of his being hurt in the struggle; one of them was a young woman, the other was going on towards fifty.
Did you lay any information against Riley, or state to the Board that he was the owner of the premises?
I acquainted my supervisor of it, and I went before a Magistrate, and made an affidavit.
And Riley was condemned in the penalty?
Yes.
Of which you received a part?
No penalty has ever been obtained from him yet.
But you would have had it if you could-Have not all his effects been seized?
Yes.
You were well acquainted with the prisoner, I suppose?
I had seen him twice before; I have heard, since I have been in London, that he has a large family.
I understand you to say, you have been absent for sixteen months?
Yes; as an Excise officer, at Plymouth.
I suppose you gave immediate information to the Board?
Information was sent off that very morning to the supervisor.
Have you seen those women about the Court here to-day?
No, I do not know that I have.
You have come up from Plymouth to give evidence?
Yes.
You have done all in your power to find these men?
Yes.
Riley is also gone off?
Yes.
My Lord, I understand the learned Serjeant does not mean to controvert the fact, and therefore it will be needless to call other witnesses to confirm Mr. Whately.
My LORDS, I take it, that standing as this case now does, it is clear to demonstration, that this is a case exclusively an offence within the Excise laws. When that has been proved in evidence, and when I look to the foundation of this indictment, I, for one, feel extreme astonishment what man in the profession could have framed it as applicable to any existing Excise law. It has been proved, unequivocally, that the witness went, in the fair exercise of his duty, as a Revenue-officer, for the purpose of hindering the concealment of soap, and that, in the exercise of that duty, the obstruction took place. I asked whether in point of fact, when he was asked for his authority, he had any; his answer decidedly was, No. I asked him, upon that, if he had taken the precaution to obtain a search-warrant; he answered me, No. It was his duty, as an Excise-officer, to clothe himself with that authority. My Lords, by the 23d Geo. III . cap. 21. sec. 34. it is expressly required, I contend, therefore, that he was not in the due execution of his office; but was, in point of fact, a trespasser; insomuch, that if he had been put to death, it could not have been constructed into murder. I therefore contend, that this man is entitled to an acquittal. But, perhaps, before I sit down, I have a right to ask, and I do ask with confidence, how this particular offence can be deemed an offence against any written or known law of Excise now existing in the country? -
What statute do you indict upon?
The 24th of Geo. III. cap. 47.
I need not state to your Lordships that this indictment, being framed upon that Act of Parliament, your Lordships will look with eagles' eyes to this record, and see whether, in point of law, looking to both, and attending to the evidence, it is possible, for one instant, that this indictment can be supported. We all know, with respect to the Revenue laws, the Customs, and Excise, have each a distinct code of laws, as much as two persons can be distinct. That being the case, and your Lordship being now told, that this is an indictment framed upon the 24th of Geo. III. cap. 47. I call upon your Lordship to look into that Act of Parliament, and see whether it can possibly attach to this case, this being an offence against the Excise. In the very title of it, it is an act for the more effectual prevention of smuggling. It then goes on to slate, in direct and positive terms, what is meant by this Act. It then enacts a vast number of clauses which relate, in express terms, to smuggling only, and to foreign commodities, or such contraband goods as are for smuggling only. I need not slate to your Lordship that, in construing an Act of Parliament, if a doubt arises, you are to construe one part by the other. Now, if that be a correct principle, look at this particular Act; it is, unequivocally, an Act to prevent the abominable practice of smuggling; then, I ask, how a domestic situation, like this, can possibly be applied to this Act. I therefore trust the Court will think this a strong additional argument in support of the former; if so, I contend upon both these grounds, that this man is entitled to an acquittal.
This Act, it is true, is made for the prevention of smuggling; but I do not say that this is not the very practice of smuggling alluded to here. The 10th of Ann, cap. 19. sec. 19. says, that all soap, oil, tallow, and other materials for manufacturing soap, which shall be found in any private boiling-house, work-house, warehouse, or other place; and all private coppers, kettles, furnaces, troughs, and other vessels, for which no entry shall be made, or notice given, shall be forfeited and lost; and the same, and the value thereof, shall and may be seized. Now where is this found; is it found in a place entered?
It is actually seized upon the open common, conveyed in a cart, concealed from view, it is in the cart, out of the proper place where it ought to be, and, therefore, liable to seizure; and, if liable to seizure, the officer was correctly in his duty, and in the fair execution of it.
I really ought to beg pardon for replying to such an observation, when I am told that this is an indictment founded upon 24 Geo. III .
I have carried on an hundred such prosecutions, when I was Attorney General, upon the general law, but it is one of those cases which are so common, that one forgets the authority for them; I own that I am ashamed at not being able to recollect it. The other appears to me the strongest objection, whether a warrant is necessary. It is very necessary that a warrant should be had when any place is to be entered; but the present case is, that coming to search these premises, he sees the soap in the act of carrying from the proper place, not having been in a place that required-entry at all; and at the moment it was carried, out being in no place of concealment, it required nothing but pursuit on the part of the officers; it is, therefore, my private opinion, that a warrant was not necessary.
He would not have been justified if his suspicions had been unfounded and vague; but the soap being found in that situation, the fact justifies him; however, you shall have a case reserved for the opinion of the Judges .
