I am a widow ; I live in Pump-court ; the one pair of stairs was broke open the 28th of January, Saturday; I let it to a man and his wife; a furnished room; I keep the whole house; I rent five houses in the yard, and let them out in tenements: they were lost from a house where I do not live myself.
Then it was not taken from your dwelling-house?
No.
All the articles lost were let with the lodgings?
Yes, every article in the indictment.
Who were the lodgers that you had?
Thomas Frampton and Elizabeth Frampton ; they had these things; they were not let to the prisoner; she is a strange woman.
When did you see them last?
Betwixt one and two o'clock on Saturday; I saw Catharine Dunbar going out of the room, and I went up to her, and she had a bundle under her arm, and a frying-pan in her hand; I followed her, and asked her where she was going with these things? I called to Mrs. Frampton, and asked her if she had left the door open; I stopped her, and found three blankets and one bed-quilt, a frying-pan, and a brass candlestick; I can swear they are my property, because I know my own things; the quilt is red on one side, and while on the other; the iron frying-pan had a brass rivet in it; the candlestick has a piece broke out of the top.
The woman told me, when she stopped me that day, that the door was not locked.
At the time these things were lost, I was out scouring, at next door; Mrs. Shann alarmed me; she said, Mrs. Frampton, you have not locked your door; the things were let to me; I found a quilt, three blankets, an iron frying-pan, and a brass candlestick; they all belong to Mrs. Shann, and they were let to me; the door was double-locked; when I came back, I found the door forced, and wide open; the staple was forced out; I found it afterwards.
I am a constable: I was sent for, and when I came up to the house, the things were carried up into the room; I took the things into my possession, and examined the room, and carried them to a magistrate; I have kept them from that time to this: I now produce them.
I was coming past, and the woman met me, and gave me these things; I did not know they were stolen; the witness said, she did not lock the door; whether it was, or was not so, I cannot tell; I never was up in the room; the things were given me by a woman that lives in the neighbourhood, and did live there some time back; I am as innocent as a child unborn; I know nothing but that they were given me; my witnesses have been here all day, but they are all gone home; they are working people; I am a very honest woman, and I work very hard.
