I am high constable belonging to Kings-land division; I live in the hamlet of Hammersmith; we were out on a search night, on the 22d of June, about one o'clock in the morning, and just at the end of Brook-green, we see a man coming along with a flat of butter on his shoulder, we stopped him, and asked him where he was going with it? he said, he was going to Kensington; and I asked him to whom there? he told me he did not know the man's name; and I asked him whereabouts in Kensington he was going to? he said he did not know whereabouts hardly; then I asked him where he got it from? he said he got it from the White Horse, Shepherd's-bush; I asked him whether Mr. Toms delivered it to him, or the hostler? he said no; I said, do they know you? he said that he did not know that they did, he said it was left there by the Banbury waggon; with that I locked him up in the cage, and I sent word to Mr. Toms, to know whether they knew any thing about a flat of butter? and they said there was a flat of butter missing from the stable; and I sent for them over to the magistrate, and they came, and as soon as Egington found that Mr. Toms and the hostler was come, he confessed that he took it out of Mr. Tom's stables, then we had him before the justice.
Was any thing said to induce him to confess?
Not a word. Then we opened the flat of butter, and found this ticket in it, \"three dozen, three pounds\" and on further enquiry I found that the flat was consigned to Mr. Castle of Fulham; I sent over to him, and Mr. Castle came and proved the butter, and took it away with him, after being bound over.
Did you go up to Mr. Springthorpe's, in consequence of receiving intelligence of any butter being lost?
I did, on the 23d, I was sent for on the 22d, but I could not leave my business; I see this flat of butter before the magistrate; it was from John Roberts consigned to me, the basket is the property of Mr. Jugg, the carrier, his name is on it; I know Mr. Roberts's dairy, I have butter from him every week, I know it by the hand writing, and make of it, I know it perfectly.
You had never seen this particular butter till you see it at the magistrate's?
No, I had not.
Was Jugg the carrier that used to bring the butter to you from Mr. Roberts?
Yes.
What is the value of this butter?
Thirty shillings.
I am hostler with Mr. Toms. On Saturday night was a week, I received fourteen flats of butter from Mr. Jugg's waggon.
Where were they placed?
In the stable; one was missing in the morning.
Did you ever see it afterwards?
No, not till they got it to Hammersmith, at the coffee house, where the gentlemen were.
Is the basket here?
No, it is gone down again. I know I missed one.
Can you swear it was the same?
No, I know there was one missing, that is all I can say.
I had one from the waggon, and I picked it up.
