I keep the Golden Ball, in Cow-lane , on Thursday, the 22d of September, soon after dinner, between two and three, the prisoner called for a glass of gin, and wanted change for a shilling; the maid served him, I was present, I gave him change, and received the shilling, I cannot say whether I had the shilling from him or my maid; she was not out of the bar, I was particular in looking him good halfpence, he was not nice; as soon as I gave him change he called for a pint of beer, he had it. My wife asked me if it was a good shilling, while I examined it the prisoner went out, it was a crooked one, I found it to be a very bad one, it was the same shilling the prisoner gave me, I have no doubt, I put the shilling in my pocket, I kept the shilling in my pocket with two or three others, but I made sufficient observation to know it again.
Did you put any particular mark on the shilling so as to know it again?
Yes, I cut it on the edge?
I was present on the 22d, I saw the prisoner tender the shilling; and have a glass of gin, he called for a pint of been, but before it was drawn he went out; he returned in about ten minutes; I then asked my husband if he had examined the shilling? on his return he called for a glass of gin and bitters, he laid down half a crown, I looked at it, I tried it with aqua fortis, he tendered me a shilling, that was also bad; I called my husband, I asked him to look at the shilling he had taken before. I asked him what he had done with the change which he received of us for a bad shilling? he said he had been among a pack of whores. The constable was called, who took him into custody.
I delivered it to the constable. I saw the shilling marked.
The constable, Thomas Frith , produced the money. This money I received from Mrs. Plasket.
This is the money I received from the prisoner.
I marked the money before I put it in my pocket, I was convinced it was a bad shilling before the prisoner returned.
I am a moneyer of the Mint, the two shillings and the halfcrown are bad, the shillings are worth about three halfpence, the halfcrown two-pence halfpenny.
