That was right enough, you ought to be taken to the watch-house to be sure.
I found I had lost my property, after that I asked them if they had any charge against me? they told me no, they told me where they picked me up, drunk in the street, at the top of Bow-street. When I came to myself I found myself in the watch-house, with no coat, hat, shoes, nor neek handkerchief on; they discharged me, they had no charge against me, at ten o'clock I returned to know if they knew any thing about my things; they told me where they picked me up, accordingly on Sunday morning I went to the Sun in Long-acre, and there was a watchman, and two of the justice's men, and the watchman said that he saw this man take my things.
Have you ever got your property again?
No.
What money had you?
I had two guineas and some silver, eight or nine shillings.
When was the last time you was sensible you had got that money about you?
Between six and seven o'clock in the evening.
I wish to know whether you was not at Charing-Cross, a treating of some girls of the town?
There were two women in the house at the time that I was there, and I drank with them, but they went out before I did.
Did you know the prisoner before?
More than two years by eye fight, he lives very nigh where I do myself, I watch where he works, and where he lives.
Do you know Sharp? had Sharp got the hat and coat on when you went for the coach?
Yes.
You knowed me before did you?
Yes.
Where do you know me?
In Vine-street.
Where did you know me before you knew me in Vine-street?
I never worked in Vine-street; how came you to ask my name before you could find me out? I have lived above three years in the parish, and have been a housekeeper; why did not you take me on Monday morning? there was you and five more in the public house, you went down to the watch-house keeper, and there you did not know who was the man to look for, till the watch-house keeper called me up to give me a glass of gin, you made your brags that you should not have sworn against me if it had not been for the beadle.
How long had you known him before he lived in Vine street?
About eight years.
Did you go with him?
I did not.
Did you know Featefter, the prisoner, before?
No.
You was not his nephew then?
No.
I am one of the apprehenders of the man, we took him on the 20th of January about twelve o'clock in the day, we found no property belonging to the prosecutor; I was sent to search his lodgings there was nothing there but his box, and a parcel of duplicates; I did not see any thing of any consequence, only the man's property I found these pick lock keys.
I have witnesses to call that will prove I was in bed at the time.
Have you any duplicate besides those that Skeate produces?
Yes, I have got eighteen, but I do not see that any lead to any of these articles.
I live in Vine-street, No. 2, my husband is a smith, I know the prisoner, and have known him almost thirty years, I never knowed any thing amiss never, he has taken money for my husband many many times.
Does he lodge in your house?
No.
You don't know where he lodges of nights?
With his wife there is no doubt.
How do you suppose so?
Because, he is so good an husband to his wife.
What has been his character?
For whatever I knew, I never knowed him to wrong us of a pin.
I lodge next door but two to the prisoner, in No. 4, Angel-court, Charing-Cross.
Did any body lodge in the room with him?
Nobody but his wife, I hear him come home and go out, I heard him come home at nine o'clock that Saturday night, that he was taken up on Monday.
How do you know that he came home at nine o'clock?
My door was open, and I heard every thing that was said in the room, he said he had but three shillings, she said that would not pay the rent, and give the landlord some money. I went out, and I came home a little before twelve, and knocked at his his door for a light, I had no fire; and he said come in and take a light. His wife is very hard of hearing.
Where had you been?
I had been to Clarke's-court, in the Strand.
How do you know what the hour was?
It was just on the stroke of twelve, I asked the watchman, he has a box at the corner of the court, I am sure it was not twelve.
How long ago was this?
Last Saturday was a month.
When you saw the prisoner, did you speak to him at all?
I did.
Did you call him by his name?
I did and asked him what he took the man's money for? he said it was his nephew, and he had a right to take care of him.
When you called him by his name did he call you by your name?
He did not.
