I am assistant brewer at the brewhouse of Sir Benjamin Trueman; Samson Hanbury, John-Trueman Villebois, and Henry Villebois, are the only persons concerned in the business. I was going by the tun which contained the ground malt in the brewhouse, on a Saturday, about half past eight in the evening, and I perceived some malt had been taken out of the tun.
How did you perceive that?
The tun was left in a level state about two o'clock in the afternoon, and this was about eight or nine; when I saw it, it appeared as if six or seven bushels had been removed; I asked two men who were loading the carts with grains, whether they had seen any thing of the malt; they said, no; the value is about twenty shillings.
Is it the practice of your brewhouse to sell ground malt?
Never.
I was at sir Benjamin Trueman 's brewhouse on the 24th of November, I went for some grains for my master, Mr. Twaites; I saw the prisoner at the bar there, it was about eight o'clock in the evening.
What was he there for?
He had been for grains for his master, Mr. Skinner, of Barking, in Effex; he was to take the grains in the waggon.
Who was to load the grains in the waggon?
Himself. While he was loading his waggon, I observed him shovelling some ground malt out of a tun into a grain basket, and shoot it into a sack.
How much might this basket hold?
About a bushel; and then he smothered it under the grains in the waggon; I told Mr. Bird, the clerk, or head brewer, of it, just after the waggon drove out of the yard.
Did you go with any body to the Public-office?
No, not till Monday, when he was taken up.
I am one of the officers belonging to Worship-street: On Saturday, the 24th of November, I went to Mr. Hanbury's brewhouse, and from thence I went down Bow-road, and returned back, and received charge of the prisoner, it was about ten o'clock when I got there, I came up to him by the public-house near Bancroft's alms-houses; it was from the information I had received from Hodgson, who was with me.
How far is this from the brewery?
It is near two miles, a mile and a half, or three quarters; I received charge of him, and put him in a coach by the side of the waggon, I drew my coach up to the side of his waggon, and told him I should search it; I asked him if he had any thing in it besides grains, and he said, no; I proceeded immediately to search, I put my hand down the side of the waggon, and pulled out this sack of malt concealed under the grains, it was totally covered with grains, I have had the malt ever since in my custody, it is ground malt.
Is this the same kind of malt that you have in your brewhouse?
This is the same kind of malt that we have.
I was persuaded by another man in the morning to get this malt, accordingly I did.
