I am clerk to Mr. John Lomas, of Queen-street , he is a cotton merchant ; I was standing at Mr. Lomas's warehouse door on Wednesday the 3d of June, when I see the prisoner drinking at the bench of the public house door; having some suspicion of the prisoner, I concealed myself in a lane in Queen-street, which was a few doors from the warehouse, when I had got to the corner of the lane, I perceived the prisoner to be at Mr. Lomas's door, I then see him put his hands in at the door, and take out a bag of cotton, he put it on his head, and went up the street; when he had got to the lane in which I was concealed, I stopped him with it on his head; I desired him to bring the cotton back, which he did, and left it in the warehouse, he then walked away, and I followed him a considerable way, till I got a constable, and charged him with him. The constable who first took him into custody, I don't know who it was; it was on the other side of Blackstairs Bridge.
What was the value of this cotton?
About six or seven shillings.
What did he say when you stopped him?
I do not recollect, he appeared very much confused.
How came you to suspect him?
I was told that he had been seen carrying cotton from our warehouse.
Did you ever see me in your warehouse?
No, I never see you in it, but I see you stand at the door and put your hand in and take the cotton out.
I am the constable of Dowgate ward, I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner.(The cotton produced and deposed to.)
I worked at the water side, I have done so these twenty years, and I get a job where I can; here is a gentleman here, Mr. Miller, has known me these twenty-nine years about the water side; as I was coming down the street I was called to work by a man, a soldier, says he, will you earn sixpence? yes, says I; and he gives me a bag of cotton, or something, I suppose it may be cotton; and he says, if you will carry this to the White Horse, at the bottom of Wood-street, and leave it with the book-keeper, I will give you sixpence, and he gave me the sixpence first, and that gentleman stopped me with it, and said it was his, and he charged me with a constable.
Where is the warehouse situated-In Queen-street.
That is out of the parish of Queenhitne.
That makes no difference, so as it is in the City of London.
