On Friday the 9th of June, I had been to Oxford-street, and on my return I went into a public-house, in St. Giles's , and there were some people in the tap-room; I did not chuse to sit down there, and I went back into the parlour, and called for a pint of beer, I had it before me; I was scarcely a minute or two there, when two or three men, and two or three women came in, one with a fiddle, and another with a German-slute; the landlord came up, they began to dance, and I called for another pint of beer, to look at the dance, to rest myself, and the prisoner began to lay out her distress, that she had pawned her cloaths, and that she was told I could be of service to get her some little business, and she sat down, and began to talk, and say a good many things; why, says I, if I should have it in my power to do any thing for you I will; I asked her at the door, if she would take a glass of gin, and she did; she went to a house where she said she lived, and I went with her; there were two rooms, with a broken partition between them, and some disorderly people there, and I came down stairs again; I gave her six-pence or eight-pence; I had a five pound Bank-note in my pocket, and a forty shilling one, I told her, if I had got change for one of them, I would have given her a trifle more; she told me there was another public house, the Black-horse, that was quite convenient, and she could get change there; the woman told me she had not it to give me; she then told me to go to another public-house, very convenient, Mr. Kelly's, I knew Kelly very well, and she would not go in there; I took it out of my pocket-book there, and I saw them both there; I asked him to give me change, and he gave me change for the small bill, I rolled it in a piece of paper, and put it in my waistcoat pocket, I put the pocket-book, and the five pound bill into my pocket; she said she would go to the Black-horse, and as I came back, I looked in at the Black-horse, and there I saw her sitting with another man, she came from his company, and sat very close to me, and began to talk and speak about one thing or another; I catched her hand about my pocket; I asked her what she wanted, and she said, I want to rouse you, you seem to be heavy; I went into the passage and took out my book, and laid it down; I had but just laid it down, and turned my head about again, and she had got the book in her hand doubled up, I got it from her, and untied it, and while I was untying it, she slipped the corner, and I did not see any more of her; when I opened it, the bill was gone, and the money out of my waistcoat-pocket.
Were you sober or drunk?
I was sober enough.
What time was it?
About ten o'clock, I believe.
When did you see her again?
I went home very uneasy, and I got up early the next morning, and caught her standing at the very table where we drank the beer; says I, you robbed me last night, now I have you, you shall pay me my money back again; there were two women there, and they shoved me out of the room.
Are you sure, when you got change for the forty shilling note, that the five pound was in the pocket-book?
Yes; it might then be about nine o'clock, and I am sure it was there about two minutes before she took the book, I saw it there.
This man desired me to sit between him and another woman, and then he asked me if I would have a glass of gin, and I said, I did not care, if he would give it me, and we went into the parlour, and had two quarterns of gin, and we went away to another public-house, to get change, and then we came to the Blach-horse, there he had some rum, and he wanted to quarrel with an acquaintance of mine that was in my company, I never saw the note in all my life.
