I live in Eagle-street , and am an housekeeper; I have one child, six years old the first of March: my house was broke open last Sunday; I left my house between six and seven o'clock in the evening, with the door locked, and the windows bolted; I believe I heard the alarm about half after seven; I was in the Meeting, which is very near the house; I had no thought at first but it was something the matter in the Meeting; presently a man brought the prisoner into the vestry; I then thought of my house, and ran out, and I found my window-shutter broke open; a square of glass was out, and so they opened the hasp of the window, by which a man that was not a large man might get in; the window-shutter was bolted with two bolts; it was supposed that they cut to get at one bolt, and then the other easily was come at: when I came into the house, a great number of things tied up in a blanket, my blanket, and a large trunk, had been removed down stairs to the fire-side; the first thing I put my eye upon, I saw my watch was gone, a tortoiseshell one, from the side of the fire, and a silver one from the dining-room was found under the window; the gown was tied up in another bundle, up stairs, in my dining-room, not brought down; three of my drawers were taken out, and the frock and apron, and all the contents almost, were tied up in the apron; eight pieces of bed furniture I left in an old chair in my dining-room, and that was tied up in this same handkerchief, in the dining-room.
I drank tea with Mrs. Hopkins on Sunday, and I saw all was safe; for we took a candle, and looked, before we went into the Meeting.
On Sabbath-day evening, about five and twenty minutes after seven, I had notice a window was broke; I thought it was one of the Meeting windows, but on examination I found it was not; I went out immediately into the yard, and met a suspicious person at the Meeting-yard door; I looked at his face, he looked at me at the same time; I came in, and then went up stairs; and there is a window just above these stairs; I looked through the window, and I saw a man there, looking about the corner of this house of the prosecutrix's; I thought good then to go and get an assistant; I went to the person who attends the place with me, and I told him, there is a suspicious person in the yard, if you will go along with me, we will see the event of it; immediately when we went out in the yard there was a whistle, as an alarm, from some, I suppose, belonging to this connection; we went and searched this window, and the door likewise, and we found nothing amiss; and while we were searching the window the prisoner burst out of the parlour, through the window; he had bolted himself in; I seized him directly, and with the assistance of the other servant we dragged him out of the house, and we carried him from thence into the vestry: after I had delivered him up to some people to keep him safe, I went back again to see how the house stood; under the window we dragged him out of I picked up a silver watch; this was immediately as I was coming back to get ready some little refreshment to the minister, as is customary after divine service is done; I picked up the other watch by the door of the vestry, through which the prisoner had passed; this was the outer vestry, and he was in the inner vestry.
Did not you say, before the magistrate, that you found me under the window?
I did not; I am sure he was actually coming out of the window: my Lord, I have sworn it, and would testify the same again.
I was along with Mr. Beck at the window, and the prisoner at the bar was coming out of the window; he was coming out with his head and shoulders half out.
Did not you come from the vestry-door after Beck had hold of me?
I was at the window with Mr. Beck.
What distance might this window be from the chapel-door?
A yard and a half.
I produce two watches, given to me in the vestry; I received them from Beck, and he gave me charge; Mrs. Hopkins gave me the cases.
There is a long space from the street to this chapel, and just by the chapel-door there is a kind of a nook, in which, as I was coming up, there stood two or three men, whom I know not; I was going to the Meeting, and they thrust me upon my face; and thereupon the gentleman seized me before I could recover myself.
Was you ever in that place of worship before?
I frequently frequent Mr. Romaine's, in Blackfriars, and these people are of the same persuasion; I live at No. 20, Cow-cross-street.
