I am clerk to Messrs. Hoares; the firm of the house is Henry Hoare , Henry Hugh Hoar, Charles Hoare , and Henry Meyrick Hoare; I have known the prisoner many years, I remember his coming the 23d of July, about four in the afternoon, and presenting a draft, for which I paid him a 500l. a 300l. and a 50l. note; he said, the 50l. note was too large for him, as he, or Mr. Bray, were going to travel that night, and it would be difficult to change it on the road, I changed it for five tens; upon which he went away.
Was that the whole of the conversation at that time?
It was; I never saw him again till he was in custody. At the time of his examination, I lamented that I was so unfortunate as to appear against him, as I knew him so well; he said it was unfortunate, but he was changed in his mind, or he should not have done it; he told me some particulars at the time, that passed, which I do not recollect.
Mr. Bray keeps money at your house?
Yes.
Whose account was this charged to?
Messrs. Hoares; they have paid it. (Produces the draft). There is my writing upon it.
I believe, in point of form, you have releated?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; I have known him about seven years.
Look at that draft, is that your hand-writing?
This is not my hand-writing, nor was it given by my order or consent, it is an imitation; I have not seen him since the 23d of July.
Did he go away with your knowledge?
No; the 23d of July was Saturday, I expected to find him at the office; I received a note that he was going to see a friend, and begged leave of absence; I afterwards heard he was in Dublin, I received a letter from him on the 9th of August.
This man was in your service?
Yes.
He behaved himself extremely well?
Yes; he had a very good character.
Supposing this to be a forged draft, and you paid it, are you not liable to reimburse the money to Messrs. Hoare?
We do not consider ourselves in that situation? - A. We do not consider ourselves in that situation; I don't conceive myself liable to any thing except a fraud upon the house.
I leave my defence to my Counsel; I have some witnesses attending; I wrote a letter to Mr. Bray in Dublin, desiring him to settle affairs, and waited ten days in Dublin for his answer. I did it in a paroxysm of madness, and was willing to make any atonement.
