What is your husband's name?
What do you know about losing any of these things that are put in the indictment?
Where were these things of your's put?
I left them at the end of a hair trunk, on Monday the 20th, all the things in the indictment, I went out about half past four.
Did you lock your room?
I did.
Did you leave any body in the room?
No one.
Did you take the key with you?
Yes, I returned a few minutes after six, I cannot be particular to a few minutes, I had light a candle at the public house, next door, I missed the hammock as soon as I went into the room, my room was below stairs.
Where had you got your candle?
I bought it before I got to my apartment, I put the key in to open the door, and I found the door flew open, without my unlocking, I went and light my fire, and went to look for my hammock, I used to put it under my feet, being ill with a fever for some time, and I missed it; I had left the hammock at the end of the trunk, on that I went up to the woman that keeps the house, and asked her whether she had seen any body? my husband came in immediately, and missed his jacket, which was laying among the things there.
On your going home did you find your husband in the room or not?
He came home about twenty minutes afterwards, to the best of my knowledge; in the morning I see all the things I had lost, in possession of Mr. Bare, who is an officer of the Trinity House; in a public house in Virginia-street; he produced them to me, I knew them to be mine.
I am a Trinity officer. On Monday night, the 20th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner at the bar, with this bundle of goods in his possession, at a place called North East-passage, Wellclose-square; I took hold of him, and asked him what he had there? there was a wine-vaults close by there, and I took him in there, I asked what he had there in the bundle? he said they were a few things brought from aboard of ship; I took then and opened the bundle, and saw a child's frock in it, and told him that I did not think that these things could come from on board a ship, or else this child's cloak would not be among them; with that I immediately secured him, and took him to the magistrate's; I went the next day about the neighbourhood, to give them notice, in the afternoon this good woman came up, and asked me if I would be so obliging as to shew her the bundle; it was at the Virginia Planter, the public house right opposite the office, and I
went and got it down, and shewed it her, which she said was her husband's property, that she could swear to, excepting this outside coarse apron.
Ask him whether I did not tell him every thing that was in the bundle, when he first stopped me?
I do not recollect any such argument being between us at all.
This jacket I put a gore in the steeve, I know the child's cloak, it belonged to a child that used to be along with me, that I kept; this hammock I used to put under my feet, it is a dirty thing, this velverett waistcoat is my husband's; here is an ironing cloth that I know, and a linen towel.
On Monday night I was going to go down Wapping, to get a man to get me a ship, to go on board a West India man, I was to go to the Jolly Sailors, I did not see him there, I was coming up from there, I see these articles all lay one by one, the first thing was the hammock, then a bit of an old towel, then a bit of a shift, and a bit of an old waistcoat, with the flannel side outward; I picked them up, and was going to sell them for old rags, and when this man took hold of me, and took me into the public house, I told him every thing what it was. My father has been dead about a fortnight before I was taken up, and was going to get a ship to go to sea; had I known the consequence of picking up these things, I should never have touched them; any body else would have been as liable as me, I thought they were nothing but rags.
