I am the son of the prosecutor, William Collett , my father is dead, he died since the prosecution began; he was alive at the robbery.
Where did he live?
He was a clock and watch maker at Uxbridge .
Were these things stole before you went to bed or after?
Before. About five o'clock in the afternoon of the 11th of December.
Was it perfectly dark?
It was quite dark.
Was it so dark that out of doors you could not discern the features of a man's countenance?
I did not see any body in the street when I went out to the door.
Did you observe when they were taken away?
I was in the kitchen adjoining the shop, at tea.
How long had you left the shop before they were taken?
About half an hour.
Was you alarmed with any noise?
Very great noise; the windows were broke, I took the candle and went into the shop.
Then it was so dark you could not discover the features of a man's countenance, you are sure of that?
I am.
Had you observed these watches before you went into the kitchen?
That same day I had put them up and took great notice of them.
Where had you put them?
In the window, hung them up.
And you know they were not taken down before they were stole?
I am sure they were not taken down.
Did you miss them as soon as you went into the shop?
No, I did not miss them all till the Monday following.
Did not you look that night at what property was gone?
I had a great many watches then at the window.
Was the glass of the window broke?
Yes, two pancs of glass broke. I was certain there was something gone that evening, but I did not know what it was. That night I looked and I missed nothing but the guts of an old watch. As I was at work on Saturday I missed one of the watches; I happened to think of it, I recollected that I hung up such a watch in the window, on Thursday, and I never saw it when I took them down at night, and after that I missed another on Saturday, and the third I missed on Monday.
How many did you miss in the whole?
Three, and the guts of another.
And how many glasses?
I did not take particular notice.
Were any one of the watches in a shagreen case?
Yes, there was one.
Do you remember a metal seal?
Yes.
You don't know the person who took them, any thing about him?
No.
Do you know any thing about the property since?
The property is here in one of the witnesses hands.
I am a serjeant in the West Sussex militia. I know the prisoner at the bar, he is a private in the some company.
What do you know about this robbery?
I found the watches in a barn, called Webb's barn, in the Cowley-road, abouts quarter of a mile from Uxbridge; they were buried in the diit. These things the witness went and shewed me where they were.
Have you had them in your possession ever since?
No, I left the along with my landlord while I came by to London.
How do you know they are the same?
Yes, I know they are the same.
What notice did you take of them? how long were they in your landlord's hands?
Till I came back from London, about one day and night. I marked them before I gave them him.
Have they the same marks now?
Yes.
I am a militia man; a private in the same company with the prisoner. The prisoner came to my house on Saturday night.
Do you remember what Saturday night it was?
No, I cannot give an account of that.
Do you recollect how long ago?
I have been in prison three weeks. About a month ago.
Are you an accomplice? Did you go with him?
Yes. He came down to my house on Saturday night for his shirt; my wife used to wash for him, he came for his shirt to put on a Sunday, he had a watch in his pocket. I said to him, you have a watch in your pocket; he said he had, he could fell me one, with that I asked him to let me look at it; in consequence of which he brought down to me on the Sunday following a green shagreen case watch.
Should you know it again if you was to see it?
I did not take any particular notice. (Shewn the shagreen case watch.) This is very much like it.
Do you believe it to be like it?
Yes, I do. After he brought it down on Sunday. I did not like it, with that he made answer and said, I have got another, with that he fetched the other down, which I looked at; I made answer and said, sure enough, you have not stole them? you could not come by them honestly. Honestly, says he, what do you mean by that? I should not have thought of that; with that he left them at my house on Sunday for me to take my choice, if I was a mind to have them; they were there on Sunday, and on Monday night when I told him I would not have any thing to do with them, I was afraid he did not come honestly by them. On Tuesday I told him to come down and take them away, they should not be there; with that he came down and seemed very uneasy, with that he takes them and says, I will go and hide them; with that I walks along with him down to the barn, about a quarter of a mile from town, which he went in and asked me to lend him my bavonet, which he took from my scabbard, and scrapes a hole and buried them, and says, they would not be found there.
Do you know the road to Cowley? was it in that part particular?
Yes, it was on the left hand side.
Was it in West's barn?
Yes.
Do you know it by that name?
Yes.
How far from town?
About a quarter of a mile, it may be a little more, I cannot say for that. After he had buried them he begged I would not say any thing about them. He then told me he had stole them from a watch maker's in town; that he walked backwards and forwards twenty times before he could find an opportunity, and that when he found an opportunity he broke the glass with a stick, and took out the watches, and I told the serjeant of it.
How came you to tell the serjeant?
Because I thought it was more prudent to let the serjeant know of it, because I was afraid I should get into the wrong of it.
You told the serjeant of your own accord?
Yes.
I am a serjeant and clerk to the West Sussex regiment at Uxbridge. On the 16th of December I was at the King's-head, at one Mr. North's, the landlord, I heard serjeant Burrows say
What did you do in consequence of any information?
On the 17th I see Love, I told him I thought he was guilty respecting the watches.
Did any body say it would be better for him to confess, or that it would be worse for him if he did not?
No.
What did he say?
He said he stole the watches out of the window behind the King's arms, on Thursday night before that, which was the 11th of that month. I asked him how he broke the window? he told me with a stick, and he took the watches out, that is all I know about it.
I am a constable, and the prisoner was given into my charge.
Did you hear the prisoner say any thing?
I did not.
Ask serjeant Burrows to my character.
I cannot say any thing in his behalf.
Court to Broom. Can you say any thing to his character?
I cannot.
I know the watches, I had them all to repair, and by the work that I have done to them I can swear to them, they beiong to other people, I had them all to repair.
How long was it before you went into the street after the window was broke?
Immediately.
And it was so dark as you mentioned then?
It was.
