I am a brewer to Trueman Harford , and John Vicaries Taylor . They are partners; they are porter brewers , and I am brewer for them in the manufactory.
Do you know whether they lost any screw bolts, &c.?
I do not, I know the prisoner worked for them, and that he had the care of these things; he had the key, and charge of the loose and old stores. I had more work than I could do. Mr. Harford had a very good opinion of him, he was an assistant to me, while they were setting up a brewer's copper.
Do you know any thing of the loss of these things yourself?
No, I do not.
I am a coppersmith, I know the prisoner well. I was sent for last Tuesday, to the Police office, Justice Wilmot's office, I believe, to see, if I knew the things, that were there. I saw some pieces of a copper pipe, and one things and another, I examined the things, two copper screw bolts, seven copper, screws, ten pounds weight of copper, the officer produced them to me at the office, I don't know his name, the officer has got them now; they were all such things as we use there, there are two of these copper bolts, that I could say belonged to Mr. Harford and Taylor; the seven copper screws, I could not speak to positively. They were particular bolts that we could not finish in the shop before we took them there, because they were to be screwed at both ends, and they were never finished.
The gentleman seems to swear they are his master's, and I have nothing to say against him.
I am an officer belonging to White-chapel. I produce some pieces of copper, five or six pieces of copper pipe
and seven copper screws, and two screw bolts; Thursday evening last we were on our duty in Winfield-street, White-chapel; a quarter before ten o'clock, in Winfield street, I stopped Joseph Moses with this property, Thursday last, it was the 28th of November, he is admitted an evidence, that is all I have to say, any further than I took him into custody that night.
I am an officer; I know nothing more than I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday last, between the hours of twelve and one in the middle of the day, by information, I apprehended him in Wentworth-street.
Did you find anything on him?
Nothing at all.
I am a jew, I live in Wentworth-street. I knew the prisoner about three years, and always thought him an honest man, he kept a public house in Wentworth-street three years ago; he said he found these bolts and screws among the rubbish, he asked me if I could get a penny by it.
How many bolts did he say he found?
I did not take notice, I did not count them.
How many copper screws?
I did not take notice of them.
Did you take them from him?
I did, I bought them of him, I gave him five shillings for them last Thursday morning.
Don't you know what quantity you bought?
Twelve pounds for five shillings, this last time.
There are many pieces of copper?
Yes.
How came the constable, Taplin, to have all these things?
He stopped me in the street, I was going to sell them in the street.
To whom were you going to sell them?
To any shop, I had them in a basket.
Did you tell Taplin how you came by them?
Taplin did not ask me any questions.
How came they to know you had them of the prisoner? where did you first give an account you had them of the prisoner? did you tell the magistrate?
Yes.
These articles you have brought here, you received of Moses?
I did.
And these are the articles you had of the prisoner?
Yes.
Can you say with certainty that these articles, or any of these articles were missing?
No.
You only pretend to identify two copper screw bolts?
No more.
Can you say with certainty that these two copper screw bolts were ever delivered to the house of Harford and Taylor?
I cannot say with certainty that they were delivered there, but we use such screws.
Are any such used any where else?
No.
