I am the son of George Courtoy , it is my father's property. I come to swear to them.
I work for Mr. Clarke, who has got the business of Mr. Courtoy. I was apprentice to Mr. Courtoy, and now he has given up the business I work for Mr. Clarke.
Do you know whether Mr. Courtoy was robbed of any thing? of a man's cloth great coat, two hair wigs, and three candlesticks?
Yes, I think about the 20th of December, I don't know the day of the week.
How came the property of Mr. Courtoy's to be there?
They were in one of the parlour, he is out of the business, but he live in the house.
In what manner were the things missing?
I went down into the yard with master's shoes, and Mr. Courtoy's shoes, and I heard the bell ring, I came up stairs and saw the prisoner go out with the things lapped up in her apron, and I suspected her as a thief, and I followed her down into the Hay-market.
Where is Mr. Courtoy's house?
No. 14, Oxendon-street, Hay-market .
Did you see her at the Hay-market?
Yes, I did.
What did you find on her?
great coat, two wigs, and three brass candlesticks; she dropped them from her apron when I came up to her; I laid hold of her and brought her to the door, and another person picked up the things, and I sent for a constable.
Is that person here?
No.
Did you see her drop the things you mentioned?
Yes, I did. A person picked them up.
In your presence?
Yes.
What was done with them after?
They were gives to the constable.
Did you see them given to the constable?
Yes, and he has had them ever since.
Did she say any thing about them?
I asked her where she was going with them? she said I had nothing at all to do with them; she gave me the lie twice; she said she was going a great way.
In what part of the house were they taken from?
From the middle parlour, there are three parlours.
They are on the same level with the street?
Yes, they are.
Did you ever see me in your life?
That is the same person.
Had she on a cloak then?
Yes, I think it is the same that she has on now, but I will not be positive. She had on a cloak and bonnet.
Have you the things here?
I don't know, I delivered them up to the constable, I have never seen them since.
Have you seen them at all since you attended?
No, I have not.
Are they brought here by any body?
I don't know, without they are brought here by the constable.
Can you venture to swear that the things that you gave to the constable belonged to Mr. John Courtoy ?
Yes, because Mr. John Courtoy has sworn they are his property. The two wigs are two different gentlemen's, and the great coat is Mr. John Courtoy 's, and the three brass candlesticks.
Have you ever seen him wear the coat?
Yes, I can swear they are his.
How long had he had the candlestick?
good many years, I believe, but I cannot really say how long.
Did Mr. George Courtoy see the things after they were taken from the woman?
He saw them at Bow-street; he did not see them when I took them from the woman.
Did he see the same at Bow-street as you took from the woman?
Yes, he did.
to George Courtoy . Was that the property belonging to your father, that you see at Bow-street?
Yes, the candlesticks was made use of every night, I know them by the shape and figure. The great coat he wore every day, it was whitish.
I was going along, and I saw a porter carrying a bed and bedstead on a knot, and a parcel of things in his hands, and he was likely to fall down, and he desired me to carry these things for him, and he would satisfy me for my trouble.
Court to Bullett. Was there any man near her at the time?
No, I did not see any man.
Was the outer door open?
The passage door is always open in the day time.
