I keep a house in John's Row, Brick-lane, in the parish of St. Luke's , My house was broke open twice; the first time it was the 10th of November; I do not charge the prisoner with that, this was on Sunday; it was broke open again on the Saturday following, the 16th of November. On the 16th, I got up in the morning, and went about my business, that was the Saturday. My business is a bricklayer , I went out in the morning, and came home in the course of the middle of the day, and went out again; I went out in the morning about seven o'clock, it was partly light then. When I went out again, I did not come home before evening, when I was coming home, the waiter of the public house near where I lived, told me, Mr. Coleman, there has been a fine piece of work, they have catched a thief in your house. A neighbour had seen three fellows lurking about. I did not catch them. After that I heard they had taken them into the house. I found them at the George, in Old-street.
Where did you first see him, after they had told you, that you was robbed?
I saw him first at the George, in Old-street; he was in two mens custody, and an officer; his name is Gass.
In what situation did you find your house, when you went back?
I found the lower window shutter open.
When you went out in the morning, I suppose, you left your house?
I did.
Your house was not broke open before you went out?
NO, it must be after I went out, the last time; I went out the first time, at seven o'clock in the morning.
You went out at seven o'clock in the morning, and you was told in the evening, that you was robbed. Now between that time, was it that your house was broke open?
It was.
How did they get into the house?
By a ladder. I have two or three ladders laying in the yard; and there is one ladder put up, that reached to the one pair of stairs window; after that, they broke a pane of glass, and lifted up the sash, and got in. It is a new house, and the sashes were not hung; I had just fixed them in with two gimblets. One of the evidences out of the two is here, that saw the man go up the ladder, and get in.
What did you miss, when you got in?
I did not miss any thing at all the bed and the three blankets were all tied up together, a looking-glass in a mahogany frame gilt, next to the glass, about an inch, this was taken down; a brass footman also was put by it, and there were about four pair of stockings, them hung on the line; they were laid on the blankets, all removed. The bed and blankets were brought together to be tied up, and the pier glass and footman, all laid as close as possible together.
When had you last seen these things?
In the morning before I went out; they were in the bed-room, the room I lay in.
Then I must ask you, whether they were in the same condition, as when you went out?
They were not; the bed was taken off the bedstead, and put near where they got in at, and the pier glass taken down from the wall, and put close by the bed, and the footman likewise; there was nothing tied up, but the blankets and bed.
I am a carpenter. I and another man were coming by together, by Mr. Creedland's house about seven o'clock in the evening, or half past six, or rather more, it was quite dark; it was the 16th of November.
What time was it you went home?
About seven o'clock, as nigh as I can possibly guess.
Were candles alight any where or lamps?
Yes.
I was coming by John Creedland 's house, he said, there were some thieves in Coleman's house, he wished I would go to his assistance; when we came to the house we heard them up stairs, and coming down stairs one of them came to the door, we were in the yard close to the lower window; one of them came to the lower shutters and unbuttoned them; one of them came out of the window sash and made his escape.
Did he unbutton it from within or without?
When the prisoner at the bar came to the lower window, I caught hold of him and dragged him out; the other evidence standing by, came to my assistance; we took him to the public house, to the George, in Old-street; and there Mr. Coleman came.
Did you observe any thing else about the house?
No, not at that time. When we had taken him there, Mr. Gass, the officer came, and we went to see in what situation the house was; this might be about half an hour after.
In what situation did you find the house?
We found the bed removed to the window.
Did you go up inside?
Yes.
Was the bed tied up?
Yes, the pier glass stood by it and the footman.
Was any part of the house open?
Not when we first went; they had shut the sash above.
Did you see any ladder or any thing of the kind near the place?
Yes, I saw the ladder stand against the wall by the side that they got in at.
Was it near the bed room?
Yes.
Was it near enough for any body to get from the ladder into the bed room?
Yes.
Did you observe that when you took the prisoner, or only when you returned?
Before I took the prisoner.
Was the window broke?
There was one square of glass broke. I searched him at the public house, and found a keyhole saw, and a large gimblet, before the officer came; he said, the gimblet belonged to him.
I am a bricklayer. On the 16th of November, a woman came into my house about half after six in the evening, and told me there were two fellows lurking about Mr. Coleman's premises; I had a sword, and I took it and went out, and I saw one of them go into the one pair of stairs window.
Where did you stand in the street or where?
On the corner of the street; one of them was in the bed room, and I saw the other go in and let the sash down after him; I only saw one go on then I stayed there about ten minutes for assistance.
Was there a ladder at the window?
There was; they got from the ladder into the window.
Do you know whether this window was broke or not?
I do not; there was a pane of glass out of it then, but I did not see him break it. About ten minutes after assistance came, we went to the door and they were coming down stairs.
How many did you hear coming down stairs?
We heard two; one of them came to the door and tried the door, which he did not open it, and then he came to the window and opened the shutters, and I spoke to him and asked him what business he had there? he that made his escape, answered me he did not know any person lived in the house.
Did he get away?
He got off; I catched hold of him but he jumped out of my hands, I could not hold him; the other came to the window and Squire put his hand in and took him out, I saw him take him out; he came out of the window, the door was not open then.
Was you present when he was examined?
Yes.
Did he give any account of himself there?
None. It was at the George, in Old-street, that I saw the gimblets taken from him and the saw.
I am a constable belonging to St. Luke's parish; I saw nothing of this but taking the prisoner into custody. I produce a gimblet and a keyhole saw.
Was there light enough to distinguish this man's face when you saw him?
No, it was quite dark.
How could you manage to see the man at the window?
It was not so dark but I could see a man get off the ladder into the window, but I could not distinguish his features.
Now, the last time that you went out what time was it?
It might be about twelve o'clock, I had not dined; I dine out of doors.
Did you lock the door below after you?
Yes.
When was the last time you was in the bed-room that day?
The last time was in the morning when I got up, and I went up there when I went home.
What was the time of the day in which you was last in the bed-room before the prisoner was taken?
About eleven or twelve o'clock, I went up to get a clean shirt.
Was every thing safe?
It was.
Was the window whole?
It was.
Was that window left open or fast?
It was fast, the sash was not hung; I fastened two gimblets at the top of the lifting up sash.
Is there one window to the room or more?
Only one.
In what manner was the glass; was it broke or clean cut out?
It was broke in and the pieces all lay on the floor; it was not taken out whole.
By breaking that pane of glass could they get at the gimblets?
They took out the gimblets, there was nothing wrenched or forced.
Look at that gimblet. (Produced by Gass.) Did you miss a gimblet?
I did, and this gimblet is very much like it; I missed one and the other I have at home now; I rather think the gimblets that I fastened them down with, seemed to be more newer than this.
What do you think the blankets are worth?
Twelve shillings, I think they would fetch that. I value the looking glass in a mahogany frame, at one pound; the bed at two pounds; the footman at three shillings; it cost me six.
The time I was taken the witness in the green coat, he catched hold of me, I was not near the building; he catched hold of me and he says to the other, here is a sure forty pounds; why did not you lay hold of him? I have nothing else to say in regard to that.
Did you go from the house to get assistance? did you leave the house?
I did not; Squire was coming down the street, I never left the premises.
