Did she take the lodgings from you herself?
She did.
Did you know her at the time you let her the lodgings?
No, I did not.
After she lodged with you these seven weeks, what happened?
There were the curtains, one was taken away, and the other was tore in two, and I missed my feathers out of my bed.
When did she quit your room?
She quitted my room on Thursday, and she was taken up on Friday.
Did she say anything to you before she went away, that she was going?
She did not; she went away in the afternoon; the man that cohabited with her was in the room. After that she did not return never any more. I went momentarily into the room as soon as she was gone; I missed the sheets off the bed, the one was torn in two and part left behind, and the other was quite gone; I missed a flat iron, and a tea kettle; the curtain she had tore, was not taken away; I put it in the indictment to let you know what she had done.
How many feathers did she take away from the bed?
There is not so many now as I can carry in a pocket handkerchief, it was a well stuffed bed before.
How do you know the feathers were taken out?
Because the feathers were not there.
Did you see it ripped?
Yes, it was.
These things were all let with the lodgings to her?
They were.
What was she to pay you?
Two shillings and six-pence a week. After she took the lodgings she had a man come there with her; the man sometimes paid me and sometimes she; he had a wife and three children, but she said, where she was there he should be.
How soon did the man come there after she took the lodgings?
I cannot say, very shortly, after a night or two; he was not there when she took the lodging; she took it as a
widow. I know nothing of the man of my own knowledge.
You sometimes received the rent of the man?
I did.
Was you paid pretty regular?
Tolerably, only the last week.
Did you ever find any of your things again?
I found some tickets in the room, in a drawer of a bureau, when the place came to be cleared, two days after she was gone. I found the ticket of a tea kettle, and the ticket of a flat iron.
You mean a pawnbroker's ticket?
Yes. I went to each of the pawnbrokers and brought them out, and paid for them. I found the tea kettle in St. Giles's, the flat iron in Carnaby-street, and the curtain I found in St. Giles's, the one that was taken away, the other was tore; the sheet I found at another pawnbroker's.
Do you know how these things came there?
I don't, only they were in her name.
When was the prisoner taken up?
On Friday after Christmas, the day after she left me.
Did you see her that day?
I see her at the justice's.
The man you say, lodged with her?
But she cleared the man when she was before the justice.
