I am a woollen-draper : I live in Duke-street, Aldgate , in the parish of St. James's, Duke's-place: between six and seven on the 16th of February, in the evening, I was applied to by the witness, George East , to serve him with some cloth; I served him; he gave me a bill of twelve guineas, to discount it: I was very intent on casting up the account with him; and I lifted up my head, and saw a piece of cloth going from the window of my shop: I called out, there is a thief, stop him: and East ran after him; and I saw him strike him, and make him drop the goods: that was the prisoner: this was at the door of my shop; I believe the door was fastened to the best of my knowledge, but I cannot say positively; I ran round the counter, and out of the door: East was running, and ran fastest, and caught the prisoner, and brought him back to my shop; I did not positively see the things drop from him; I saw the prisoner's hand in the shop, not his body.
I was in the prosecutor's shop on Tuesday evening, the 16th of February, buying cloth for three great coats: Mr. Nicholson had just served me, and tied up the parcel; I gave him a bill for twelve guineas, and he was casting up the change; I saw the prisoner open one half of the door, and come in; but whether the door was shut fast or no, I do not know; the prisoner came into the shop, and reached down this piece of woollen ratteen: Mr. Nicholson cried out, a thief! a thief! stop him: I then seeing the boy with the goods, making out of the door, I followed him, and struck him over the arm, and he dropped the goods, and ran; I said, if you run, I will knock you down immediately, for you are the person; then he stopped, and walked: Mr. Nicholson came up, and took him, and sent for a constable.
Was it light enough in the street to see a man's face by the light of the day?
No, not by the light of the day; it was not.
I produce a piece of toilenette, delivered to me by Mr. Nicholson, on the 16th instant.
This is what the boy dropped; it is mine; I know it by a pattern being cut out.
Coming along shoe-maker's-row, they took me, and said I was a thief.
What was the fair value of the goods?
Between five and six pounds.
