I live in Great Portland-street. I keep a house there, and have done so for this twelve month. On Sunday the 3d of November I went from my own house at six o'clock into King-street, to spend the remaining part of the evening, with a Mrs. Robinson, and a gentleman of my acquaintance who was under my care for a complaint; I am a botanist ; I stayed there till eleven o'clock, when I came out I went with my friend to see him home as far as Knight's-bridge, on my return I came down Piccadilly into New Bond-street; the watch was going down twelve o'clock when I was in Bond-street, I went through Bond-street, crossed Oxford-road, and directed my way towards Portland-street where I live; crossing Oxford-road I saw two men arm in arm meeting of me, they accosted me in a fictitious name which I cannot recollect; I asked them what they wanted?
What did they say to you?
I don't know by what name; they met me plump, they accosted me by some name which I have forgot; I asked them what they wanted? they made me no kind of reply, but immediately hustled me, one on one side and the other on the other; the prisoner Bently was one, he immediately struck me over the right cheek with his right hand, and the man that was along with him got hold of my coat behind with his left hand, and his right hand was about my right fob, and he pinched my thigh; he was feeling for my watch, then he did not succeed at my fob, and he got the same hand into my right hand waistcoat pocket; this was the other man, not Bently, the man who was in company with him; Bently then struck me again on the same cheek; in my own defence I knocked Bently down, the other man had still hold of my coat, and he d-d my eyes, that was the only thing that I heard said between them; Bently immediately rose up, and crossed Oxford-road; I called out watch, the other man had still hold of my coat behind, to keep me from pursuing him, he did not strike me, Bently struck me twice; when the other man could not succeed at my fob, he made an attempt at my right hand waistcoat pocket, in his endeavouring to turn out my pocket, my waistcoat flew open, my waistcoat pocket was in part turned out, not the whole; Bently on my calling watch immediately ran back again; I was so fatigued I had hardly power to make resistance; the other man he made off, and took a different road to what Bently went; on the alarm being given the watch turned his rattle.
On which side of the way were the watchmen when you cried watch?
There were two or three rattles went, the watchmen were on the side of the way to which Bently had crossed over, and when I called he crossed over to the side where I was calling watch.
The watchmen were on the different side to you?
Yes, on the watchman coming up he ran down Vere-street, and was taken by the watch.
How long was it before you saw Bently again?
About five minutes, he was then taken by the watch.
Are you sure that the man that was taken by the watch was the same man that had struck you and who ran away on your calling watch?
I am.
When he was taken did he say any thing?
He said nothing to me, but he said he had never seen me, but I know his face perfecty well.
By what means do you know him to be the same person?
I knew him by his face; it was not dark and there was a lamp near, I knew him by his face, person, and clothes; he was taken to Bow-street the next day.
You say then you know him by his face, person and clothes, that is the way you had an opportunity of knowing him?
Yes, I knew his face before.
I take it for granted you never knew this man before?
I have seen him in the street before, but never knew who or what he was.
You never had any acquaintance with him, nor never had him under your care?
No, never in my life.
Pray, Mr. Aire, is the account you have given to my Lord and Jury exactly the same account as that you gave at the time the prisoner was taken up?
Yes.
Then this is the same account?
Yes, it is the same account I gave at Bow-street.
What do you think about the watch-house?
The watch-house the same.
Did you take on yourself to swear the same at the watch-house?
It was an attempt of robbery, I could not make it any other; I could not suppose any thing else.
You signed the charge?
Yes.
And it was in the Charge, an Assault on your person, with an intent to commit a Robbery?
Yes, I believe so.
I think he mistakes the question.
Was the Charge made by you for an intent to commit a Robbery?
Do you know what was entered in the book?
I gave a charge, with an intent to rob me.
You signed this book?
I did.
Was it read to you, or did you read it?
I did not read it, nor did I hear it read. Indeed I was in such a flurry, I cannot recollect positively if I gave charge for an assault with an intent to rob.
When this alarm was given, you called out watch, Bently came back on the very same side where you had been assaulted?
He did.
Was not these watchmen on both sides of the road?
He certainly crossed the road.
You say they came up to you, calling you by a fictitious name. My Lord tried to get an answer, but he could not get a satisfactory one; now I will try my hand at it. Do you know what the name was?
I do not.
You have never gone by any other name than the one that you come into court with?
I have no right to do it.
Do you mean to swear, that you have never gone by any other name?
No.
Did you never go by the name of Roberts?
No; I have by Robert, that is my name.
That is perhaps when you lodged with Mrs. Williams in
It was so, and they also called me, Dr. Robert.
It did not happen that you was called Robert, when you was called by this fictitious name?
It was not that name.
What do you think of the name of Pinks, have you ever gone by that name?
No, I never have upon my oath.
What name did you go by when you lived at Black-Heath?
Not by the name of Pinks, my name was never Pink in this world, I was acquainted with a gentleman that went by the name of Pink, but not myself.
When you lived at Black heath, pray, what name did you go by?
The same as I do now.
You never had the name of Airings there?
No, never; I am certain of it.
How long have you lived in the place where you now live?
twelve-month, or near it.
Where did you live before?
At Pimlico.
Did you go by the same name there?
Yes.
What Business did you follow there?
I am a Botanist.
That is the only business you have ever been in, in your life? What do you think of an astrologer?
I never was a professed astrologer in my life; out of a frolic I may have played the astrologer.
O, out of a frolic you have played the astrologer? Perhaps you have played the surgeon too?
No, never in my life.
You never had any patients come to you to be cured of the scurvy?
No, never in my life.
Did you never know the prisoner at the bar before this time?
No, never in my life. I recollect seeing his person pass me.
Pray, Sir, at this time of the night, were there any women walking?
I did not see one near, I will swear that on my oath.
Then of course no woman could have hold of the arm of Bently?
No woman had hold of his arm, it was a man.
Nor did any woman cry out watch?
I don't know.
If you recollect one thing, you must recollect another; Did you hear any woman cry out watch?
I did not, I did not hear any watch called before I called myself.
Did you hear any woman call out watch after you?
I did not hear any woman call, there were women come up after the prisoner was taken.
Was you ever at Liverpool in your life?
Yes, I was.
In what name?
In my own name, Aire.
You never at Liverpool went by the name of Johnson?
Never.
Johnson the fortune-teller?
Never.
Was you ever at Oxford in your life?
No, never, only passing through it once, but never stopped there any time.
Of course you was not imprisoned at Oxford, I take it for granted?
No, I was not.
You never was taken up at Oxford, and treated as an imposter?
No, I was not.
What do you think of Beverley?
I have been at Beverley, but I never stayed there.
You never was in a gaol at Beverley in your life at all?
Never.
Of course you never broke out of gaol?
No, never.
The prisoner was taken up, I believe, in Oxford Road, was he not?
He was not taken up in the Road, he was taken up in a street leading to Cavendish-square.
Was you present?
No, I lost sight of him.
He had no stick in his hand?
But I felt the violence of his fist.
I believe on the word of a neighbour, he was discharged on condition of his appearing the next morning?
I believe he was discharged.
Now, Sir, another word with you. Did not he appear voluntary, and surrender himself to the magistrate the next morning?
He wished to make it up with me before I went to the magistrate.
And then after he had wished to make it up, he chose to go and surrender himself up for this charge?
He was taken there by La Fontaine from the watch-house.
He came back to the watch-house the next morning?
He did, and there was an officer.
Do you know a man of the name of Bingley?
I do not.
Don't you know of such a person being present during the whole of this transaction?
I did not see any one there.
He came and asked you, if you would make it up?
He did, and whispered to me, and asked me that question.
You was met by two men, and they never said a word?
Only called a name, and hustled me.
How do you mean, one took hold of one side, and the other on the other side.
Was you alarmed at this?
I was certainly.
You know it was past twelve o'clock at night, and nobody near you, then your fears were alarmed?
The other person's face I never saw, but I recollect this person.
Then being alarmed your fear was a little encreased by the blow you received on your face?
I was alarmed certainly.
What did Bently hit you with?
With his fist on the right cheek. Then the other man put his hand to my pocket.
Had you any watch about you?
His hand was about my fob, but I had no watch nor money about me.
Could not it he told on the outside what was in the waistcoat?
The hand was in, I'll swear it.
You must have been recovered from your alarm then?
Yes, I had.
Was you quite sober?
I was as sober as I am now.
Was this man sober?
Bently was sober, and I did not perceive the other was in liquor. They never spoke, I heard no more than d-n his eyes.
Then the man went across the way, and the other man laid hold of you?
Bently got up after I knocked him down.
This did not take long about?
I suppose about two minutes.
What clothes had he on?
a blue coat on; and I see when he had got into the watch-house, it appeared blue by the light of the lamp.
What hat had he on?
He had a round hat.
Did you see his face perfectly well?
Yes.
With a round hat on, and yet you took so much notice, that you know him by his person, his appearance, and clothes?
I knew his face, and could swear to his features.
His hat was never off?
It was not.
His whispering to make it up was in the watch-house?
It was, and likewise going to Bow-street.
Did any body hear it?
No, it was so very low. He was by the side of me in the coach.
Who passed the word for him?
His brother-in-law came and bailed him after I left him in custody.
You are sure you was never acquainted with this man at all before?
No.
Was he searched in your presence?
Not while I was there.
I was watchman in Oxford-street. On Sunday the 3d of November, between the end of Old Cavendish-street and Vere-street, in Oxford-street; in a short time after I heard the rattles sprung, I made towards the alarm to go to the assistance of them, at the time that I got to the end of Vere-street, I saw the prisoner at the bar coming across Oxford-street, I kept within sight of him till such time as he got out of Vere-street, and I kept crying out watch, all the time; he was stopped near the end of Vere-street, I was running after him all the time; as soon as ever he was stopped I held the lanthorn up to his face to look at him, and as soon as I did that, he snatched at the lanthorn and knocked the candle out; we brought him into the watch-house, and Mr. Aire came there and gave charge of him for an assault and striking him; in Oxford-street, he told the constable of the night that he supposed that he had an intention of robbing him, he shewed him that he had a swelling in the cheek.
How did Mr. Aire say that he came by that swelled cheek?
He said that he met these two men in Oxford-street, and one of them called him some name that he did not know, and the prisoner gave him the blow,
I believe this young man was discharged on a neighbour's appearing for him to answer for him?
I don't know how he was discharged, he was not while I was in the watch-house.
You told my learned friend just now, that the charge that he gave in at first was for an assault and striking him; I suppose you understood it to be a charge for an assault?
I don't know what it was.
I ask you whether it was not at first for an assault in striking him and not an intention of robbing him?
I don't know no more than what he said.
The prosecutor Aire said, that he supposed that the prisoner had an intention of robbing him; did not he say that?
He said so.
Was you in the watch-house when the prisoner at the bar returned the next morning?
No, I was not.
Did you see any woman in Oxford-street about this time?
I did not see either man or woman till I stopped this man; there was only one woman close by Oxford Chapel.
Was that near to the place where you was called?
It was about half way from where I heard watch called and where the prisoner was taken.
Was she a woman of the town?
I was in such a run I did not stay to
any notice.
Did this woman interfere about this business?
She told me that the man was near and directed me towards him.
You saw the man run across the street?
I did, and never lost sight of him till he was stopped by the patrole.
I am totally innocent of the charge; I had sent to Lord Milbam's to subpoenea a person on this charge that was with me, but he cannot now appear; I had just parted with him in Oxford road, a woman then catched hold of my arm and wanted to keep fast hold of me, I at length run from her and she called out watch; I might push against the prosecutor, I cannot say, but when I heard the cry of stop thief, I immediately stopped and was taken to the watch-house, and when I was taken to the watch-house, Mr. Aire, as he called himself, never charged me with any felony in the least.
Did you search him?
I did not search, I see him searched.
What was found on him?
I am not sure whether it was four or five guineas and a half guinea, and a watch.
It was five guineas and a shilling.
I am a glazier and painter; I live in Upper Bryanston-street, Portland-square; I am not acquainted with the prisoner, I had spent the evening at the Coach and Horses, Marlborough-street; coming home I saw the prisoner at the bar talking to a woman just about Cavendish-street, and the prisoner gave the woman a shove, I might be about twelve yards off, and immediately ran off from her, and this man, the prosecutor, was about a few yards from him and he ran against him, and the prosecutor immediately cried out stop thief, and this girl also; he had no more intention of robbing him than I have of robbing you this moment.
Was there any other man with him?
No other.
Did the woman cry out stop thief as well as the prosecutor?
She did.
Was it before or after the prosecutor cried out stop thief?
Immediately.
He might hear the woman cry out stop thief?
He might.
Was it immediately from the prosecutor's running away from the woman that the prosecutor cried out stop thief?
It was.
Are you sure it was before or after the woman cried out stop thief?
The woman cried out stop thief first.
Did you see Bently afterwards in the watch-house?
I did.
Did he appear to be drunk or sober?
He was a little in liquor.
Did you hear the prosecutor give his charge to the constable?
I did.
What was it for?
It was for an assault and striking him.
Did you hear any thing like a charge of an attempt to rob him?
It never was.
Did you see the book afterwards?
I did, I told the prisoner to charge him or else I don't think Aire would have charged him at all for striking him.
Who appeared for him at the watch-house?
His brother-in-law.
What was his brother-in-law?
I am a master chimney sweeper.
Did he come there and give his word for the appearance of the man the next morning?
He did.
Did he come there the next morning?
I was not there.
You live now in Bryanston-street?
I do.
Do you keep a house there?
I have a floor there, I am not a house-keeper.
You came up just at the time that this transaction took place, you are quite sure the man had no intention to rob him?
I am almost certain of it, because he ran from the woman.
You never knew the man before; never knew his character, yet, you take on yourself boldly to say, that he had no intention to rob Mr. Aire. Will you swear there was no man with him?
I have.
This was a complaint of the woman's?
The woman cried out watch first, he pushed the woman.
He committed an assault on the woman, and she cried out watch. Why Mr. Aire did not pretend that he had assaulted him at the time?
I don't know about that.
O, yes, you do, on your oath did Mr. Aire pretend that he had assaulted him at the time?
The prisoner at the bar when he got from the woman he was running up the road, and he ran against this Aire.
Aire did not pretend that the prisoner had assaulted him at the time, it was only the woman that called out?
The woman called out watch first, and then Bently ran off, and he might run up against this Aire.
Then Bently was running away from the woman, and he might perhaps touch Aire, and that was the way it happened?
That was the way I saw it.
At the time the prisoner came towards the prosecutor what was he doing, was he running or standing still?
He was running.
Which way was he running?
Up towards Vere-street.
I want to know whether he was running the same way?
They were meeting each other, running contrary ways, but when the prisoner ran by Mr. Aire the woman cried out stop thief.
Did you see the watchman?
I did not till they brought him to the watch-house.
Then it is not true that he was running close after him?
He might and I not see them, the rattles were going.
Then the watchmen might be running after this man and you not see them, did not you see any watchmen running after these men?
I did not, the watchmen were running higher up in the road, and I was walking up; I went to the watch-house immediately, to hear what was the matter, I was there before they brought the prisoner in.
The moment you heard the alarm of watch you went to the watch-house, never minding where they were?
I did.
And yet though you was walking quietly you got to the watch-house before these people that were running?
It was not above two hundred yards.
Why did not you wait in the street to see what was become of the men?
I had no curiosity.
Then how came you to go to the watch-house if you had no curiosity?
They were sure to bring them to the watch-house.
How did you know they would bring him to this watch-house, they might have gone on to another watch-house?
They might, and then I should not have known.
I take it for granted that you expostulated with the prosecutor. Why, sir, it was the woman that complained of him, you did not complain of him?
I never spoke to the woman.
Did not you tell Aire when you got to the watch-house, it is very strange you should complain of this man?
It is a pity but what the woman had been there.
How long did you see Bently?
I was walking up the road, going along, as I was coming it was a dark night, about thirteen or fourteen yards off I was, and I saw Bently give the woman a shove, and shoved her off,
Did you see the woman and the prisoner standing still there together?
They were a distance, but he came away before I came up to him; it was as light as day almost.
This woman was down?
Yes, but she was up before I came up to her.
Was she dirty?
I don't know.
You say the prisoner and woman were not above ten yards. Were they standing together, talking together, or was the prisoner running by her?
They were talking together; he shoved her away.
How long did you see them?
Not above a minute.
Then he was running and run against the woman?
No, they were standing together, and he gave her a push and run away from her.
What are you, a journeyman or a master?
I am in business for myself.
Did you give in your name to the watchman?
The constable of the night knew me perfectly well, his name is Matthews.
When did you see him before this?
In Clerkenwell Bridewell, last Sunday week.
This man was no acquaintance of your's; how came you to see him?
His brother-in-law asked him to go with him.
Pray did you know the prisoner's brother-in-law?
I don't know that ever I spoke to him before in my life.
How came you to find him out?
I met him in the street, and told him how ill his brother had been used, and that I was the only witness that could set him at liberty.
What was he charged with at that time?
With an assault.
Did you know he was in gaol?
Yes; his brother-in-law told me to.
You knew this was only an assault?
That was the charge in the watch-house.
So then you went to the gaol with him?
No, I did not go to the gaol with him, I went to see him the last Sunday week.
Was this the same day that you told his brother?
No, I met him two or three days before that.
How many times have you met the brother-in-law on this occasion?
Twice.
Did you ask the charge?
I heard the charge in the watch-house.
Did you tell him to enquire after the woman, to see if she would make any charge against him?
No.
I think you said that the charge that was given at the watch-house was for an assault and striking Mr. Aire; that charge was not altered till you found he was in custody for an attempt to rob him?
It was so.
Are you sure that when you first saw this woman, and the prisoner at the bar, that they were talking together?
Yes, they were.
Now you got to them, then it was that this shove had taken place from the prisoner at the bar to the woman, and then it was that he went on?
It was.
I am a tallow chandler; I was constable of the night at the time that this young man was brought to the watch house; I remember the prisoner and prosecutor coming to the watch-house; I never saw neither of them before that night.
Do you remember what was the charge the prosecutor gave of the prisoner at the bar at the watch-house?
When he was brought in first there were a great many watchmen came in, I told them all to be silent, then Mr. Aire said, this man has been striking me and putting his hand in my waistcoat pocket; I said, are you positive this is the very man, you are both strangers to me, because it is a very heavy charge; he said, no, it was another man in a lightish coloured coat; says I, where is this other man? he first of all was going to give a charge for robbing him, and then he said, this was not the man that attempted my pocket, but this man struck me in the face; says I, what charge am I to take of this man for striking and attempting to rob? - No, says he, for striking only.
Then the charge, as you understood it, after all this conversation took place, was a charge of the prosecutor against this young man for an assault and striking him?
It was.
Did the prisoner at the bar appear perfectly sober?
No, he did not, he was rather in liquor.
I believe he was discharged from the watch-house on this charge that night?
Yes, there was a person I knew to be a house keeper, he gave me his word that he would appear the next morning; in short, there were two came.
Did the prisoner at the bar come to the watch-house the next morning?
He did, he came voluntarily.
What was the time that was fixed for his appearance at the watch-house the next morning?
Ten o'clock, he came before that.
You know Mr. Bingly?
I did.
You knew his person?
I did, but I did not take Mr. Bingly's word.
How long was it after the prisoner came in, was it Mr. Bingly came?
I believe they all partly came in together; I never saw Bingly till the prisoner and the watchman came in.
If he had been making any inquiry before the watchman and the prisoner came, should you have seen him?
I must.
At the time the prisoner came, Aire said, he had been attempted to be robbed by somebody?
He did.
Was it in Bingly's hearing?
I cannot tell.
He related it openly; might any body have heard it?
They might, that were there.
He did not attempt to conceal that he suspected somebody had attempted to rob him?
He said, the person that had the hand in his pocket was not the prisoner at the bar.
Therefore you wanted to know what charge he should make?
I told him to be very particular in making a charge, left he should be mistaken in the person.
Where do you live Mr. Matthews?
No 105, Edgeware-road.
How long have you known Mr. Bingly?
Four years ago he lived in Edgeware road.
Are you sure that he was there that evening?
Yes, I am certain he was there that evening.
I am the prisoner's brother-in-law; I am a master chimney sweeper; Mr. Aire said, the prisoner had a blue coat on; I will be on my oath, that evening he had on that coat that he has on now, a dark brown.
Do you recollect what coat he had on?
I believe the same he has on now; it was a very dark colour.
