I am a watchman of St. Paul, Shadwell , and have been nineteen years; I was robbed the last day of February, between nine and ten o'clock at night; a tall man came to me and offered to mind my house for me.
Is that him, at the bar?
I am so blind as not to be able to know a man's face; between four and five I came home, and undressed myself, and went to bed to him; between six and seven I waked, and the prisoner was gone, and he had stole my watch; he had forced open two doors; here is a witness here that took him with my watch.
Have you had any conversation at all with him since he had been taken up?
No.
Then you cannot speak to him from his voice?
No.
On the 1st of March, between eight and nine in the morning, I was coming along Houndsditch, and saw the prisoner and another soldier together, shewing a watch to a cloaths-man, the soldier said he would not take less than a guinea for it; that soldier was the prisoner at the bar; I crossed the way, and got hold of the watch as they were shewing it; I asked them how they came by it, the other soldier ran away directly, and I secured the prisoner, the watch was in his hand; he went to pull it out of my hand and broke the chain; he said I had no business with it, it was his property; I said, I will take you before a Magistrate, and we will see whether it is your property or not; I took him to the Compter, and examined the watch, and found the watch-maker's name in the case; I went to him, and he informed me who the owner of the watch was; I took him before Alderman Wright, and he committed him for trial; I have had it in my possession ever since.
I sold this watch to Mr. Hall, about two years ago, the inner part of it is silver, and the name and the number I entered in a book; the name is Davis, and the number is 40.
(To Hall.) Do you remember what it was that was upon the seal of your watch?
No; I do not.
What colour was it?
I believe it is red; there is a head, or something of that sort, upon it.
My Lord, this seal is red, and has a head upon it.
On the 1st of March, I was going to work, and a young man asked me to go with him to sell the watch, I did not know it was a stolen watch; I went to seek to sell it, and he went with me; I offered it to a cloaths-man in the open street; if I had known it was stole, I should not have offered it in the open street for sale.
