I live at Walsall, in Staffordshire; my father is clerk of that place.
Do you know Hannah Smith?
No further than I saw her at her marriage.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes.
Who did she marry?
The prisoner.
Were you present at the marriage?
Yes.
Do you know the clergyman who married them?
Yes; the Reverend Mr. Rutter.
Have you any doubt that he is the man?
That is the man.
Is that Hannah Smith living, or dead?
She is living, I saw her about six weeks since.
You know her very well?
She is not any acquaintance at all.
You know her person?
Yes.
I live at Walfall; I am clerk of that place.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Did you know him in 1787?
Yes.
Do you know a person of the name of Hannah Smith?
Yes; I saw her married to Joseph Hately .
That Joseph Hately , or another?
I believe he is the man.
Did you know him before he was married to Hannah Smith?
Yes; he was engineer of a steam engine.
Produce the copy of the register?
Mr. Rutter was the clergyman.
How long did you know him before he was married?
It might be a month.
Where did you know me?
You have been at our house many times.
What is your name?
John Smith.
Here is Mary Smith signed as a witness to the marriage, was it you?
Yes; I signed it.
Did you know the prisoner before?
No more than coming to the house to my father.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes; Joseph Hately .
Were you ever married to him?
The 5th of last September.
Were you a single woman or a widow?
A widow, with two children; I kept a baker's shop at West-Ham.
Where were you married?
At St. Andrew's church, Holborn.
What did he pretend to be?
He was going into partnership at the Abbey, with some other people in the leather way, as people of property; he pretended to be a man of property.
Did he pretend to be a man of fortune?
Yes; he told me he had money that he would settle upon my children.
Whether she knew that I had property, or received any benefit from it?
I may have had five or six guineas, but I always paid him again.
The prosecutrix of this indictment knew there was property left in her house of six hundred pounds; this six hundred pounds has been appropriated to her use, which I have appropriated to the creditors and other persons, for flour, and bills contracted from the 15th of October to the 19th of February last; for flour brought in from sundry people, but most particularly from Mr. Cooper, near Abridge, one hundred and twenty pounds worth; the consequence was, I found the money was not prepared from the trade for the payment there of; Mr. Cooper was solicited by Mrs. Bennison to arrest me; of all which I can bring forward proof from the person who did arrest me, in consequence there of; there were also sums of money appropriated to her use.
All this is no answer to the charge against you
you are charged with having married Mrs. Bennison, your former wife being alive.
It was not consistent with my knowledge that she was existing; I had not seen her for near five years; I had been credibly informed that she was not existing; all which she was apprized of before she married me.
