I am a tobacconist , I live in Little St. Martin's-lane; on Thursday, the 18th of August last, between nine and ten in the evening, I was returning home from Brompton; at the corner of Leicester-fields, by Cranbourn-street, I observed four or five men around me, I went as far as Rider's-court, Little Newport-street, I was not alarmed till I got into Newport-street , when they pressed close around me, and the prisoner elbowed me up towards the houses; I am sure he was the man; a man turned short round that was before me, and snatched my watch out of my fob, with a force that staggered me, for it was tight in; I was flurried and crossed the way, and pursued, and called out stop thief; the man that robbed me and the prisoner ran in the same direction, and at the same time; the man escaped that took my watch, the man took my watch and ran down Rider's court into Newport-street, there I lost sight of him, the prisoner was following the man that robbed me, I lost sight of both; I found the prisoner in Little Cranbourn-alley, at the farther end, next Bear-street; the prisoner was at my right elbow, it was nearly at the same time that the watch passed: the prisoner did nothing more to me than elbow me, he gave me a violent shove of the elbow, I do not charge him with any violence at all; it was in a manner that startled me very much, but at the same time it was no violence; I took no notice of them till two or three minutes before; the man that escaped and took my watch ran first, they were both running when I cried stop thief; I secured him when I found him in Cranbourn-alley, I am perfectly sure that he was the man that shoved me by the elbow; there was not light sufficient to observe his face, he had a round hat on; I knew him from his nature and appearance, I lost sight of him, but in two minutes I got up to him again; the watch was found near the spot where the prisoner was taken; the girl's name that found it is Martha Bray; the main-spring is broke, the outside case is lost to that in all probability it was dropped where it was first snatched; it was a plain silver watch, and a metal chain, and a gold seal, and a common key.
Do not you think this might be the effect of accident; how many people might be about you?
At least three; it appeared evident there was some such intention, I was very much alarmed; there was no carrriage-passing.
Did not you say you had been drinking?
I do not recollect it, at the same time I was rather fatigued in walking from Brompton than otherwise; I am sensible I was rather elevated.
Was you so sober that you can venture to swear to this man?
Yes, I swore the same at the Justices.
I am a glass-maker; on the 18th of August last, between nine and ten at night, I saw the prisoner run, I was sitting at the door in Little Newport-street, and I saw Mr. Lewis run after him, and this gentleman that stands here cried out stop thief; he ran to Earl's-court, I ran after him, he ran across Cranbourn-street into Cranbourn-alley, I never lost sight of him; he ran into Bear-street, there I took him, a parcel of people were about him, I carried him to St. Ann's watch-house; I am sure of the prisoner, he had a round hat on, he is the man, I never lost sight of him; the prosecutor did not say before the Justice that he took the watch, but that he hustled him and was in company; he seemed like a sober man, but very much frightened.
I am a shoe-maker. On Saturday the 18th of August I was in Cranbourn-alley, and I heard the cry of stop thief, and that gentleman was coming down and I stopped him first, and he struck me over the arms, I had hold of him in Cranbourn-alley, he got out of my hands, he was running as fast as he could run; I am sure that is the man, I saw him afterwards in Bear-street, there I saw him stopped by George Williams and one or two more, it was the same man, he was caried to the watch-house; that is all I know.
Did not the gentleman say I took his watch?
I did not hear him say so, he said it was not the gentleman there (at the bar) that took his watch, it was another gentleman; he said this man shuffled him at the same time, that the other took his watch.
I am a currier. On the 18th of August, Thursday night, I received a watch from my girl; she is here.
I am fifteen the 3d of October. On Thursday the 18th of August last, I was at the corner of Rider's-court, Little Newport-street; I heard the cry of stop thief, I went down Newport-street, through Earl's-court, and across Cranbourn-street, into Cranbourn-alley, and not quite in the middle I kicked something before me; I picked it up, it was a watch, with only one case, my father has it, a great many people ran before me; this is the watch that I picked up in the court, and gave to my father; I shewed it to an acquaintance directly, it was between nine and ten at night.
I broke the chain some time before, and mended it with an iron ring; the other case was never found; the case was on in the course of the day.
Court to Williams. You saw this man run on the cry of stop thief?
Yes.
Was you near enough to see him push, the prisoner?
No, I did not; when I first saw them the prisoner was, I believe, about two yards before the prosecutor; I did not see him push him.
I went to see my brother, an ostler at the White Horse Cellar, Piccadilly; returning through Leicester-fields, I heard the cry of stop thief in Cranbourn-alley, and saw four men run down a court towards the King's Mews; I stopped, and them two young men came and laid hold of me, and said somebody was robbed, and the gentleman came and accused me, and said I took his watch; I said, young man, consider what you are about; I have no watch; he said you are not the man; I said young man consider you are in liquor; but they do do not speak as they did when before the Justice. I never let my friends know, being innocent.
