I live in Guildford-place, Foundling-hospital: I have no stables there, the lead was stolen from another building belonging to me, at the back of Southampton-terrace, Bloomsbury , it was fixed to a stable. On Thursday morning, the 24th of May, I missed it, the watchman brought the lead to me about ten o'clock that morning; I had it beat out, and I compared it with the lead that was left, and it matched correctly, excepting a part of the gutter; it was rolled up together in order to make it convenient to carry.
Was there any part missing besides what was brought back?
Some small part was missing.
Did the nail-holes correspond?
Yes. exactly; it was clear that nothing but the knife had separated them.
What may the value of it be?
About ten shillings.
I am a private watchman: On the 24th of May, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner at the bar, and another man, coming across a field at the back part of Gower-street; I asked Collins what they had got there; Collins made answer he had nothing; upon that, the other man threw the property down, and ran away; Collins had not got the property; upon that, I laid hold of Collins, and took him to St. Giles's watch house, another watchman went with me who is not here; the lead was carried there in my presence; I searched him, and found two or three duplicates upon him, but no edge tool at all.
How far was the place, where you stopped the prisoner, from where the lead was taken from?
I suppose about five hundred yards; I was present when the lead was compared, and it corresponded, except the gutter.
When had you seen these premises?
Between eight and nine o'clock the evening before.
I had been to Sommers-town, and got very much in liquor; I came away between eleven and twelve o'clock, I fell asleep in a field, and there I laid; when I waked, I saw a man coming across the field with a load, I asked him what it was o'clock; and he said, between twelve and one; then the watchman came up, and the man threw down his load, and ran away.
How far were the two men from each other?
The man with the load was about four yards behind the prisoner.
