I am a silk dyer : on the 10th of August, Wednesday, I lost one pound eight ounces of silk; I sent some to my sister to mark, and when the man returned with it, I found a deficiency; my sister is here, I received the silk from her, and some other which I had sent her before, and that second parcel was deficient; I desired the prisoner to come up stairs, and accused her, and desired her to go into the next room and strip herself; I followed her up, she was surprised I should accuse her, she said; but after she had stripped, I saw the silk in the room, she confessed taking it to me twenty times; I immediately had the silk weighed, and left it with my sister, and took the prisoner before Justice Staples, and she was committed: the silk was deficient when it was weighed, eleven ounces in one parcel, and thirteen ounces in the other, which makes a pound and an half; she fell on her knees and begged for mercy; I told her I never would look it over.
Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. This silk had been dyed?
It had not.
It is put into hands before it is dyed?
It is.
This, in point of fact, was to be divided into skains before it was dyed at your sister's house?
Yes.
Who is the person who is employed to take that silk from the place wherever it was deposited to your sister's?
Not any particular man.
Who conveyed them?
I know him.
Is he here?
He is not here.
In point of fact, that man who did on that day carry those two parcels, whether he knows any thing or not, he is not here?
He is not.
Do you know who assisted your sister when she was parsing those into skains?
I do not know that any body did; I did not suppose that any body did.
Your sister, I believe, has frequently complained of being so hurried, that she had not time to get through her business?
I do not recollect that ever she did tell me so.
Can you take upon yourself to say she did not?
Yes, I can, for I do not recollect it.
Have you any partner?
No.
My brother called on Wednesday, the 10th of August, and told me his suspicions; I said I believed the prisoner was honest; I received some silk from my brother that morning, I do not know the quantity, it was sent to me to mark, it comes to me in small skains, that was in skains of different sizes; my brother's servant came for the silk, I gave him all the silk I received that day; the servant's name is Allen Murdoch, he and my brother came back with the same silk, and begged the prisoner might be called up and examined, she being the only one in the house that morning, except my mother; while I was marking the prisoner came in, and asked me if she should assist me, which she did for about ten minutes; there was a bonnet of mine which laid in the room; she said I had better put it by; I said for why? she said out of the dust; I said I will put it away; the silk was in the room at the time, I went out of the room with it, and left her in the room with the silk, I was absent about eight or ten minutes; when I returned I told her I did not want her any longer, and she went down stairs; that was about ten; my brother came about eleven, and sent for the silk, and told me his suspicions: then the silk I had on the Wednesday morning was taken away, and when he returned, the woman was taken up stairs; I went into the room with her, I searched her and found this quantity of silk, which she took out of her pocket, and owned; I begged her to own if she had any about her, she begged for mercy; I have had the silk ever since, (the silk produced) I received it on Wednesday morning.
Court to Prosecutor. Should you have known the silk if you had been at York?
No, possibly I might not.
Why then should you accuse the woman of having the same silk?
Because it was the silk that was in the bag, and she had it in her pocket, and she was left in the room.
Is there any thing particular about the silk?
Nothing particular, there were three sorts of silk, these are two of them, one sort I had finished and put into skains, the other was not in the same sort of skains, none of that which I had finished was missing.
Knowlys. The man who brought the silk to your house is not here to-day?
No.
Is your mother here?
No.
Your mother assisted you?
No.
Did you not call her to assist you that morning?
No, Sir.
Have you never said so?
No, not that morning.
Did you desire her to assist you occasionally?
Yes.
You could not finish all these by the time they were sent for to be dyed?
No, Sir, I could not have undertaken to have done it by that time.
Did you expect these to be brought back to you marked for dying?
To be sure.
This woman I believe was employed in cleaning the knives of the house?
She was.
Did not you desire the prisoner to make as much haste as she could with this silk?
No.
Upon your oath, did she say at that time, that not being able to get through this business, she had taken it to do it at a time when she had more leisure?
No, Sir, she did not.
Do you mean to say, recollect yourself, that she did not tell you, you had pressed her to make haste, and she put it in her pocket, to do it at an after time?
No, she did not.
How long have you known this woman?
About seven months; she says she is a widow woman with two children; one is seventeen years old, and is maimed; the other is eleven years old.
In consequence of your mother enquiring into her character you employed her?
Yes.
I am servant to Mr. Desormeaux. On the Wednesday morning, 10th of August, I sent some silk to Miss Desormeaux to mark, and at the same time I received by a person who carried it, another parcel which she had the preceding day to mark; I weighed that parcel, and found it deficient, and informed Mr. Desormeaux; he went out, and returned, and sent me for the parcel I had sent out that morning; I did so, and received it from Miss Desormeaux, and brought it back, and we weighted it together, and found 1 lb. 8 oz. deficient, being 24 oz. It was not missing from that sort which was marked, but from two other sorts; I carried the silk back in the state it then was to Miss Desormeaux's house, with Mr. Desormeaux. The prisoner was then in the house; she was brought up, and Mr. Desormeaux desired she might be searched; and after that Miss Desormeaux produced this silk, to the best of my knowledge; yes, it is; I believe Miss Desormeaux had the care of it; I believe it to be the silk I sent in the morning; I compared it then, and it corresponded exactly.
Knowlys. When you first weighed it, did you make an entry of the weight of it?
Yes.
You judged the deficiency from the entry?
Yes.
Have you that book with you?
No; there is such a deal of silk passes through my hands, it is impossible to recollect without the book.
Can you say without the book, or referring to it, whether any of this silk was missing?
Before I brought the silk from Miss Desormeaux in those bundles that are done up, I saw some missing, and I mentioned it to Miss Desormeaux at the time.
He did not mention that before, nor did Miss Desormeaux mention it at her examination.
Have you not since you went down from the bar been talking with Mr. Desormeaux and Miss Desormeaux on this business?
No, I have not; not a word on this business. Miss Desormeaux has mentioned to me that she was exceedingly flurried when giving her evidence. I positively say that was all.
I leave it to my counsel.
