I am a linen draper . The prisoner came into my shop on Monday the 10th of June, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, as I had a suspicion of her I had the muslins counted previous to her coming into the shop; my young man saw her at the window, I desired him to count the muslins in the wrapper that she was frequently asking to look at; I had two young men, servants in the shop, my wife and myself; she asked me to look at some muslins the same as she had before; she was in our shop the Friday before; one of the young men went to her, and asked her what she wanted? his name is Zachariah Senny , he did not see her steal the muslin, he served her with the muslin; shewed them her, and cut off a quarter of a yard; after that she asked to look at some check, which he shewed her; while she was looking at the check one of the evidence that is here, counted the muslins again and he discovered that two pieces were deficient, which he told me; I desired him to take no notice till she had departed; she went out of the shop to the door; I brought her back by force, and when she got to the middle of the shop she dropped the two pieces of muslin; I saw her do it, and I ushered her into the parlour, and sent for an officer; she dropped them from her cloaths, they fell down at her feet in the struggle of going into the shop.
Was there any other woman near?
Not near, there were others in the shop, she had on a black silk cloak, but whether she dropped them from her cloak or petticoat I cannot exactly say, they were concealed somewhere about her.
Who took them up?
I cannot exactly say; I believe my servant did that will be next called; I have had them in my possession ever since, they have never been out of my possession.
Why should he think that I took the muslin any more than the other women that were there.
Was these women in the shop customers? Did you know them positively? Do you believe that any other woman came in with the prisoner?
No, there was none near her nor at the same counter.
I have dealt with him this seven years off and on.
I have seen her at the shop many times, and her conduct has been very suspicious at times.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Jubb. I saw the prisoner come into the shop, I had been out shewing some goods, and come home; I found her standing at the window, when I came into the shop I informed my master; he desired me to count the muslins that were in the wrapper; I found nineteen quantities; after she had been in I counted again, and I found there were two short; she chose a particular one, and desired them to cut off a quarter of a yard; while some muslins lay on the counter which she had been looking at, I see her draw something out from the counter while the other man was shewing her the muslins, and removed her gown on one side, and concealed them under her gown, I told my master of it; I then had orders to take no notice of it till she went out; my master desired I would count the muslins over again to see if there were any gone; I made but seventeen pieces of them; when she was gone out we went out after her, and I saw her drop two pieces, I took them up, and gave them to my master; he desired me to go for one of the runners, and then she was committed.
Why should he think I should take it any more than the other two women that were in the shop?
They were not on the same side of the shop.
I am a married woman, my husband is a cornchandler. I was in the shop at this time, I was getting served at the counter; I see her drop the muslin.
I went to this gentleman's shop, I have dealt there about seven years off and on, my husband is ordered out to sea; I am a weaveress by trade; I have got three children, and a young woman that lived next door to me asked me to make her an apron; work being short I went to this shop, and asked for a bit of muslin; so he took down the muslin, here, says he, here is the muslin; and he says to that young man cut her off a quarter of a yard, for which I paid nine-pence, I went then to the other counter, and left two women at the muslin counter; I was coming out, and there were three women in the shop; just coming out there is a horse like standing where there are prints on it; I looks at the prints, and I says, there is a young woman that lives next door to me that wants a piece of cotton at a shilling a week; I was just going out of the shop, and Mr. Jubb came up to me, and said, come back, you have got some muslin; the two women went out of the shop, and they left me there, and they sent for an officer, and charged the officer with me; Mr. Jubb kept the muslin; he has got now also the quarter of a yard that I paid for; I have dealt with the shop for many years, and they always took notice of my children; I have got three of them now; I have those that would give me the best of characters but they did not know of my trial coming on so soon.
