I am a farmer , the side of Finchley Common ; I have seven or eight score of sheep on the common; I could not miss them till I was informed, sometimes the dogs kill them, sometimes they stray away, I missed them the 1st of October by the man that looked after them; there was W. S. a pitch mark and a fleur de lis, and a ruddle mark about the middle of the back.
I am a labouring man, I look over some fields for some trustees of a young 'squire, the prisoner brought two sheep and two lambs to me to feed, they were marked W. S. a pitch mark, they were ewes; he brought them the 11th of August to put to grass for him, I took in cattle for any body; they had ruddle marks, but I cannot say where, I did not take notice of them. The prisoner gave me no acount of them. The prosecutor came and took them away, I cannot say the day. I did not know the prisoner before, I thought he was a horse-dealer; he would not tell me where he lived. I am sure it is him.
I am a labourer, I met the sheep in Barnet, in the possession of a young chap, a lad, a child, about thirteen or fourteen; I knew the sheep, and told the lad they were Mr. Smallbourn's. I went to tell the prosecutor.
Jordan has the oversight of my sheep, on the 21st of September he informed me, I went the Friday after, and saw the sheep in Mercy's possession.
Are you positive the prisoner is the man that brought them to you?
I am positive, he offered to sell them as his own property, two ewes and one lamb for three half guineas, and one lamb he took away.
I live at the Swan and Two Necks on Finchley Common, I bought them of a drover on the road, I gave twelve shillings a piece for the ewes and six shillings a piece for the lambs, and I took them to Mr. Mercy, to grass; I should be glad to put it off till Saturday, as I employed a Counsel and an Attorney, and my brother run away with the money.
It is too late now to put off your trial.
Did you know the prisoner?
Not by knowledge, by name I have heard of him.
What was the value of these sheep?
About one pound.
