I believe you are a servant to doctor Jones, in Golden-square?
I was at the time.
On the 11th of June did you expect a box in town?
I did; I went to the White Bear, Basinghall-street, in going up Snow-hill I discovered a man with a couple of mackerel on a string, in his right hand; l asked him to be so kind as to direct me the road to Basinghall-street; he told me he lived very near it, and desired me to go along with him; I did not tell him I was going to the White Bear; when I got to a Church-yard, I desired him to direct me, I did not want him to go with me any further, but he went with me; he then asked me what part of Basinghall street I was going to? I told him to the White Bear; he then told me he was not got to the place where he lived, and he went with me to the inn-yard, I thanked him, and told him I was sorry I had been so troublesome, he told me he would go up the yard with me; I asked for my box of William Baker, the book-keeper.
Where was the prisoner then?
He was close by me, and the proprietor too, Thomas Jackson ; they scrupled to let me have the box; I told them I had it directed to me.
Were they at last satisfied?
Yes, I paid six and sixpence for the carriage, it weighed five stone one pound.
Was the prisoner by when you paid the money?
He was; a porter was standing by, I desired him to take it on his back, and take it to the first coach stand; the prisoner at the bar then touched me by the right side of the apron, and told me they had charged me two shillings too much, and said, if you will go along with me two yards, I will get you a coach; the agent and the proprietor were by; and I said, I would be obliged to you if you will take care of my box, and I will come for it; the box was against the book-keeper's door, and there I left it. I went with the man, the prisoner, to get a coach; I went over the same church yard into some street, where he left his mackerel.
Do you know the name of the place?
I do not.
Did you shew the place to any other person?
I did, to Mr. Jackson, and to Mr. Hardle; it is opposite a church in Wood-street (Bull Head passage.) He told me that was the stand for coaches, and there was no coach there; he says, I will leave my mackerel at the corner here; then he said, be so good as to go in and take a glass; I told him it was what I never did.
Did you go in?
No, he did, and left the mackerel there; he came out to me, and took me up a passage close by the door, and I see the kitchen, and he took me through a great many more alleys, till he took me into Smithfield; as we were going along I told him I was very sorry there were no coaches nearer; he said there were no coaches allowed to stand in the City, they stopped up the gateways; I went along, he told me that the goods were conveyed in coaches to the lower part of the City, and then took into carts; he asked me if I was not a Yorkshire woman? I told him I was brought up in the city of York. I then went into Smithfield, and he said, look here is a coach. There was one coach and only one that was on the stand at that time; he went along till we came to a narrow passage, and then he went against the wall, as though he was going to make water, and told me to go to the coach.
You went to the coach?
I did, and I waited ten minutes for him, and he did not come, and I told the man to drive me to the White Bear, Basinghall-street; I thought he did not want any more trouble with me.
Did you ever see the prisoner before?
No, never in my life.
Then you went in the coach to the White Bear?
I did. When I got to the White Bear I asked for my box.
When you asked for your box they told you it was gone?
Yes.
After you told your story did any body go with you from there?
Yes, Thomas Mardle. We went to the place where he left the mackerel, and gave directions to take up the man that left the mackerel whenever he returned; these directions were left with the wife; the man of the house was not at home.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man?
I am sure it is the same man that went with me.
Knapp. You never saw this man before?
No, nor never was in the City before.
You went through a variety of alleys with him?
I went through no street; I only recollect Dean-court; I went first to the Saracen's Head.
You had a letter informing you of a box coming to town?
Yes.
Is any of the persons here that sent you the letter?
No.
When you came away from the country you left the clothes and the box, whether any other person took them you cannot tell?
No, I only swear to the box.
You had not mentioned any thing about the box till you got to Basinghall-street?
No.
Are you one of the clerks at the White Bear?
Yes.
Do you know that young woman, Mary Savage ?
Yes.
Did she come to the inn for a box on the 11th of June?
Yes, about eight o'clock in the evening.
To Savage. What time was it that this happened?
It was about seven when I was on Snow-hill.
To Baker. Do you know the box?
Yes. (Produced) That is the box; it came by the York waggon.
Did any body come with her?
Yes, the prisoner at the bar.
Did she pay you for the box?
Yes, six shillings and a penny.
Do you know what became of the box?
I cannot say; after she paid for the carriage I left it.
How long was it after this that you see the prisoner at the bar?
The next morning at the Castle, at Guildhall.
Did you recollect him then?
I did.
Knapp. How many waggons come to your inn?
The Lincoln and the York.
Of course you have many boxes come there?
Yes.
What were the directions of this box?
Mary Hulme.
You had never seen the prisoner before that time?
No.
Knowlys. Still from the little opportunity you had of seeing him you knew him?
I took particular notice of him.
Knapp. Do you take notice of every one?
Not of every one.
How came you to take particular notice of him?
Because of the mackerel in his hand, and we were talking some time, a quarter of an hour.
I am stableman to a gentleman in Basinghall-street; I attended formerly as porter in this yard to the waggons. Between eight and nine in the evening. on Thursday, the 11th of June, I locked Mr. Brookes's stables, I was going into this yard, and I met that man, the prisoner at the bar, with the box under his arms, and I asked him if he wanted a porter? he was within two yards of the street, he had pitched the box on the end facing the tap room door; I told him the box was heavy and would give him a sweat if he intended to carry it without a knot; with that he takes the box up, I told him I would thank any person to give me a lift, and that I was a porter; I did lift it on his shoulder; he said he was going no further than Aldersgate-street; he went through Church-alley, and there I lost fight of him. About a quarter of an hour after, I cannot say to a few minutes, the woman came and asked for the box, and then Mr. Jackson said the man had been there and had got the box. I went with the woman till we came to Aldersgate-street.
Did you go to any public house?
I did.
Look at the prisoner. Are you sure that is the man that you see with the box?
I am very sure.
How long was it after that you see the prisoner at the bar?
The next morning, at the Castle public house.
Was he with other people or alone?
Twenty people were there, I suppose.
Did any person point him out to you?
No person at all.
Knapp. The prisoner put a box on his shoulder?
Yes.
Knowlys. Should you have any recollection of the box?
No. That seems to be the same box, much about the same size.
Are you the wife of the person that keeps the public house, Bridewell precinct?
Yes.
Was there any box left at your house?
Yes, there was, the 11th of June, between eight and nine in the evening.
Do you know the person that left it?
The prisoner at the bar is the man; he put the box on the table and called for a pint of beer; he said he wanted to leave it there for half an hour; I told him if he would fetch it away in about half an hour he might leave it. Presently I heard a noise, and I called to them below, I thought it was like knocking. The prisoner had broke the box open, and that was the noise that I heard. I presently went into the tap room, and I see the box open, and some things laying on the table, white hose, whether they were womens or mens I cannot say. I told the prisoner I thought it was a pity that he could not get the box open without splitting the lid. He said it was split by coming up in the waggon out of the country. He then wanted to leave it with me open as it was; I told him I could not be answerable for people coming into my house.
Did you ever see the man before?
No.
It is very odd to let a man leave a box there?
It is what we are very liable to in a public house. Three watchmen came in and corded it up with a cord, just on the hour of nine, and one of them left it in the parlour.
These were watchmen of your precinct?
Yes.
Did he leave the box?
He did.
Did he ever call again?
No.
Knapp. How long was he with you?
About half an hour.
The things that were taken out of the box you don't know what they were?
No, nor the box only from the cracking of the lid.
Who did you deliver the box to?
To nobody at all; it has been in my custody ever since, by order of the alderman; and I am certain this is the box, and this the box that I asked him if he could not open without breaking.
Knapp. The watchmen used your house?
Yes, we pay them.
And they were in the house at the time he was looking at the things?
Yes.
You are one of the watchmen of Bridewell precinct?
Yes.
And you was at Mrs. Woodland's this night?
Yes. This is the box, and that is the man, I believe. I had been there some time, the prisoner had an handkerchief open at the side of the seat, there was something in it, but what I cannot tell.
How was the box?
Open. Whether he took any thing out of the box I cannot say.
Did you see him put any thing into the handkerchief?
No, he asked me to cord the box, and I did, and afterwards he asked me what it would cost for a coach to go to John-street, Oxford-road; and then he called for a pint of beer, drank it, and he tied up the handkerchief, and went away, and I see nothing of him any more till I see him in Bridge-street, as I was on my beat, I see him go along; he asked the landlady to let the box stay there half an hour, and she consented, and she locked the door, and he went away.
You went away to your beat?
Yes, the corner of Tudor-street.
He knew you was a watchman?
Certainly he did by my coat.
Were there any other watchman there?
I am not certain whether they were or not. Before I carried it up I was untying the cords, and he said cut the knots off; and I said, if you out all the knots off it will be too short.
Did not this create a suspicion in your mind seeing a man uncord the box?
I did not see it broke, it was broke before I was in.
Next time you see a man with a box open, ask him how he came by it.
I keep the Bull Head and Three Tuns, the corner of Bull Head-passage, Wood-street.
Had you any orders left at your house if any person called for fish to stop him?
Yes, I do recollect the day; about half after seven the next morning, a person called for the mackerel, the prisoner at the bar.
How many mackerel?
Two.
Did he say any thing?
He called for a glass of porter, and he turned round and asked me for the mackerel that he left there the evening before.
Did you know him?
No. I told him I did not know of any mackerel, but I would enquire of my wife; he said he would call again in half an hour; I then told him the circumstance, and he was taken into custody.
That is my box.
Have you ever seen the contents?
No. I lived in Yorkshire, and there is the direction of Hulme on it; I have an uncle there. Here is a letter in it that I have never seen before, from a cousin, in Yorkshire. Here is besides, a key in the letter that opens the box. My gown is gone.
Did you pack up your gown in the country?
I did; I have the piece of my gown here. I have lost five gowns,&c.
I leave it to my counsel.
