I live in Russel-place , at the end of Charlotte-street; I had a servant of the name of Geary in my service; he came to me some time in January 1795, and remained with me till the 27th of March last; on that day he absconded; I had given him warning the Friday preceding to go on the Monday following; he escaped in the night of Sunday the 26th; in consequence of an information, I missed a great quantity of plate; Geary had been my butler; I went down to the butler's pantry, where I missed a quantity of plate; a servant of mine brought me up a letter, which, upon opening, I discovered to be a parcel of duplicates; (producing them,) in consequence of finding these duplicates, I went to the pawn-brokers and found all the articles; I can swear to every article, they are in the hands of the pawn-brokers; I don't know any thing of the prisoner, I don't remember ever to have seen him in my house.
I am footman to Mr. Knatchbull: When Geary the butler went away, the cook went into the pantry and took a letter out of the press, and gave it to me, I took it to my master.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes, very well; he used to visit Geary at my master's house, he was mostly in the pantry with him.
Where the plate was kept?
Yes.
I am coachman to Mr. Knatchbull; I know Geary, he left our house on Sunday, and on the Tuesday morning after, the prisoner came to Mr. Knatchbull's; I saw him at the door when I went into breakfast.
In consequence of directions from your master, you went to a public-house with him?
Yes.
And there you staid drinking till the constable came?
Yes, and he took him into custody; he was searched, but not in my prefence.
I am a servant to Mr. Turner, pawn-broker, in Panton-street, Hay-market, (produces four table spoons, five forks, three desert spoons, a soup ladle, two skewers, a marrow spoon, one spoon and a sork, ten table spoons, five table spoons and three sorks, three spoons and three sorks:) they were all pledged by the prisoner in his own name.
Have you any doubt at all about the person who pawned these?
I am certain the prisoner was the person who pledged the whole of these articles, he has been known at our house six or seven years.
Were any articles redeemed by him?
I cannot say.
Were you not a good deal startled at a man bringing so much plate?
He lived with a gentleman in Lisle-street, from whom we knew he brought pledges, and he always said he brought it from that same gentleman.
Did you know the prisoner at the bar by any other name than Murray?
No other.
I am a pawn-broker in Jermyn-street, St. James's; (produces a silver waiter, and fourteen desert spoons) they were pawned the 1st of September, 1795, in the name of Robert Geary , by John Murray , the prisoner at the bar, he has been known at our house six or seven years.
In short, you have no doubt of his person?
None; I am sure it was pawned by him, and on the 14th of November, four table spoons, by John Murray, for Robert Geary .
I have not the least doubt in the world of these being my property, they have my crest; I never missed them, we were a great deal out of town, and always keep a certain quantity of plate out for constant use.
You trusted to Greary, your butler?
Yes.
I received these things from Geary, he told me Mr. Knatchbull wanted money, and as he knew I was in the habit of pawning plate for a gentleman that I lived with, he asked me to pawn it; he thought if he went himself to the pawn-brokers, he should be stopped; I never brought a bit of plate out of Mr. Knatchbull's house, they were all brought to my lodging by Geary; I did not suppose I should be brought into trouble for this, I did it very honestly.
Were any of the articles he brought to your house redeemed?
I believe they have been.
Redeemed by him or the gentleman?
By him; I have delivered him pledges.
What may be the value of these things?
The value attached to them is 32l. they are worth, I suppose, 45l.
There is a silver waiter and fourteen spoons pawned together, what is the value of them?
The waiter, I suppose, is worth about three pounds, and the fourteen spoons are worth about 3l. 10s.
