I am manager of the affairs of the assignees of James Longman , and Francis Fane Broderip , who became Bankrupts the 25th of May, 1795, the assignees were appointed some little time after; I cannot say exactly, but it was in the year 1795; we had lost several piano-sortes from Cheapside, and from Trinity-lane; the prisoner was an organ-builder, employed by us; he had been with us sixteen years.
I belong to the Custom-house; I live at Hackney; I know the prisoner, he lived in Hackney-road; I bought a piano-sorte of him, about the 14th or 15th of February; I gave him ten guineas for it, he asked me twelve.
At the time you bought it, did you pay for it?
No, not till he brought it home; I paid for it the day after.
Look at that, and see whether, when he brought it home, and you paid for it, he brought that paper with him?
He gave it me at his own house, (it is read); February 18, 1796; received of Mr. Walker, the sum of 10l. 10s. for a piana-forte. William Gater .
Is that the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
What is this man, what shop does he keep?
I don't know; there was a paper in the window, a piano-forte to be sold, a month before I thought of buying it for my daughter; he said, he had it to sell for a lady; I took a gentleman with me, to see what it was worth, for I did not know any thing about music, and what he said it was worth, I gave for it.
I am an organ-builder; in the month of February last, I was employed in the organ line for the assignees of Longman and Broderip; I know the prisoner; he was in our employ as an organ builder; I took him with Peach and Davis to Mr. Walker's house, on Tuesday the 22d of last month.
Had you, by any means, given him to understand, in any way; it would be better for him to confess?
No such conversation passed; there was not a word of the kind mentioned to him; when we first took him, he said, there were two square piano-fortes taken from Mr. Longman and Broderip's, one he had sold to Mr. Walker, of Hackney, and the other to Mr. Cooke of Cooke's-court, Lincoln's-inn-fields; Mr. Davies, and Peach, and I, went with him to Hackney, and we saw this instrument that is now here; the prisoner looked at the instrument, and said, that was the instrument that he had stolen out of Mr. Longman's warehouse; this is the instrument, I know it by marking it with my initials.
Did he make use of the words stole?
Yes, he did; and cried a great deal.
You are sure you said nothing to induce him to confess?
No.
I was present at Walker's, when Peach and Mr. Holland were there; I heard the confession that the prisoner made; this is the instrument that he confessed he had stolen from Mr. Longman's; I put my name in it at the time.
I am a constable, I marked this instrument at Mr. Walker's, at Hackney.
I am not able to make any defence, I beg to leave it to the mercy of the Jury.
He has lived with Mr. Longman sixteen years; he was under my immediate direction four years, and always behaved extremely well.
If he was out of work to-morrow, I would give him a job.
