I am in the brick-making line, at the Cock and Hog, West End; I came home with the Hampstead stage; I went to bed at my lodgings, while my house was fitting up; I had four guineas in gold, and some silver; and I lost them from the room in which I lay; they were in my pocket; my breeches that night was put by the side of my bed, under my head; I looked at my money by the fire, before I went to bed, and saw I had the four guineas, but I am not certain to the silver: I saw the prisoner take up my breeches; he had worked for me almost ever since Michaelmas; it was about eleven o'clock at night, after I was in bed, a little.
Was you asleep when he came into the room?
No; he came and stooped down: I heard his feet: and took up my breeches, by the light of the fire, and took out the money, and chucked them down again; I heard the jingle of the money: I did not see him go; I wondered how he could do that: he went away out of the room: Mrs. Scott came up; I thought I would get some men up and take him: I had a great mind to let him stay till the morning; this took up some time; it might be after eleven; but the constable and I had something to drink; I took him into custody, and said to him, Fox, how much money have you got in your pocket? he told me, about five and twenty shillings; I asked him to let me search; he says, here is my coat, my waistcoat, and my breeches; and there was about four guineas; however, the constable made a memorandum.
I know Mr. Assiter; he has lodged in my house for some time. Fox was missing out of the tap-room that night he was robbed; after being out some time I thought I heard a walking in Assiter's bedroom; I ran up to the bed-room and saw Fox; I asked him what business he had there; he made me no answer, but went down again into the tap room; and I followed; and he went with the two men that were drinking with him before; when they were all gone out I went to Assiter, and asked him what business he had with Fox in the room; he directly said he was robbed of his money; I went and called the lodgers up; and he went to Fox's lodgings directly.
I am a labourer. William Fox worked along with me for Mr. Assiter. On Saturday night before this happened, on the Wednesday, he had no money to take; he was in debt; on Wednesday night, when Mr. Assiter went to him in bed, he said, he had five and twenty shillings; he delivered his clothes up to be searched, and there was four guineas and some silver shook out of his pocket; and the constable took him to the watch-house.
I am a labouring man. The last Saturday night he was in debt at the publick-house: I saw the money shook out of his pocket in bed, four pounds, eleven shillings, and ten-pence farthing; I lodged in the house where Fox did; and work for Assiter.
