I live at No. 12, in Pye-street, Westminster .
Is the prisoner any relation of your's?
None at all; I am a housekeeper: On the 22d of October, I got up in the morning between the hours of five and six to go to work, I was the first person up in the house.
Did you make any discovery that any thing had been taken from you?
The first thing I said to my wife, you did not fasten the wash-house door last night; she said, yes, she did; says I, it is open now; then I went into the yard to feed my pig, and I saw some copper saucepans and a tin kettle packed up; then I went into my wash-house, and I missed my rabbits, I had lost two, I had seen them the night before.
Did the wash-house door communicate with the dwelling-house?
It was adjoining the dwelling-house; then I missed my saw, plane, and hammer.
When had you seen them?
I had seen them the evening before.
What day of the week was the 22d?
On a Monday morning; I lost a copper saucepan, two rabbits, a hand-saw, two hammers, an old sack, and a piece of another sack.
On the Sunday evening, who was the last person up in your family?
My wife, she is here.
Have you any evidence to give to affect the prisoner at the bar with taking these things?
I know nothing of my own knowledge.
I am the wife of the last witness; I was the last up on Sunday, the 21st of October, it was between the hours of nine and ten o'clock as nearly as I can speak.
What does your family consist of?
I have only my husband and myself; when my husband got up in the morning, he saw the washhouse door open.
In what state did you find the wash-house?
I found the copper saucepans removed from the tin ones.
Were all those articles mentioned in the indictment missing?
They were all gone; I saw them between the hours of nine and ten o'clock in the evening, and they were all safe.
Was the door fastened when you went to bed?
I fastened it myself; I live down stairs, I lay in the back parlour, I heard no noise, I got up directly my husband missed the things.
Had you known the prisoner at the bar before?
No.
Do you know any thing to affect him with doing this act?
No.
I live in Pye-street, almost facing the prosecutor.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I have seen him by coming to my house, I keep a little shop, he came for victuals, or such things as he wanted. On the 12th of October, about half past twelve, I saw him come out of a door with a bag upon his right shoulder, there were but two doors between that and the prosecutor's; I really thought he had got some fire-irons; he passed me and another young woman, and went towards Duck-lane, there was a saw I could see out of the bag, about thus far; the house he came out of adjoins the back yard of the prosecutor's: hearing the next morning that these people had been robbed, I told them they might see such a person at Duck-lane, but what house I did not know, because I did not follow him.
I am an officer belonging to the Police-office, Queen-square, I was informed of the robbery, I went in search after the things; I was told the property was carried by the prisoner to his lodgings, in Duck-lane; I found the room where he lodged, but the prisoner was not there; we found the bag much as it is now, with the saw, saucepan, two hammers, and a double iron jack plane.
Are those your property?
Those are my property; this saw I have had a great many years, it is rivetted; I have had the plane by me a great many years; the saucepan I really believe is mine; these hammers are mine.
I don't know any thing at all about the things; I never saw them before they were brought to Queen-square before me.
