On the 18th of December last, in Parker's-street , between eleven and twelve at night, I lost a pair of shoe buckles (silver) , a silver watch, twelve shillings in money, and a hat; I was going into a public-house, and Hanslowe being in the passage, asked me if I would sell my buckles; I said, I have no objection; and he asked me if I would shew them to him; I said, there they are in my hand; with that, he says, give them me; says I, I will not; he comes up, and makes a grab at them; another comes up directly, and hits me on the head; then a woman comes up, beginning to pull and drag me about; then they pushed me out into the street, and this James Hanslowe robbed me of my buckles; I had put my buckles into my pocket again, but he made me let go my hold, and pulled out a knife, and cut me in both my hands, and cut me up here in the jaw, and gave me several stabs on both sides my head; they left me in a poor condition; I halloo'd out to the watchmen several times; at last they came, and I gave him up to them: here is some of your handy works coming out now (turning to the prisoner) , here is my shirt I had on that day, all bloody; the watchman took charge of him, and brought him to St. Giles's watch-house.
Did he offer to run away?
He did not offer to run away; the two others made off, but he could not go, he was kept; I held him; he could not cut me out of him.
Then the only person you got hold of was the prisoner?
Yes, and he was carried to the watch-house, St. Giles's; I went to the watch-house with him; I never found a pennyworth again; nothing at all was found on the prisoner.
When had you looked at your watch before you came into this fray?
I cannot safely say; I had my watch and money, and buckles, and all, in my pocket, a minute before this happened.
How came you to be in this Parker's-lane this time of night?
I was coming from Drury-lane, and I was going into this house to get a pint of beer to nourish me, as I was passing by; I had no companion with me.
Was this house a house that you had used to frequent?
No, never was in the house before, nor in the street, to my knowledge.
How came you to have these buckles in your pocket?
When I was coming to London, I had my buckles in my shoes the Sunday before that, and I never thought of it till I had come to London; I live at East-Ham.
Where was you going in Parker's-street?
I was coming up to Gunpowder-alley, No. 5, to see an acquaintance of mine.
Had you no buckles in your shoes then?
Yes, I had what I wear every day; but in the morning I did not know that my silver buckles were in my pocket till I came out part of the way; when I came to the watch-house, the watchmen carried me to the hospital; I had never seen the man before, to my knowledge.
Did he appear, when he spoke to you, to be drunk or sober?
He seemed to be sober; and I was quite sober, no way in liquor at all.
I have several questions to ask him: pray, Sir, did not you come into this house with a disorderly woman?
I did not.
Can you swear to my taking the buckles out of your hand?
I can.
Did not you swear that you offered the buckles to several people in the house, before the justice?
I did not.
Now mind what you are at: Did not you say first to the landlord, will you take these buckles into pawn for the reckoning for me and my wife?
I did not say such a word.
Would you ask him any thing else?
Ask him! it is of no use to ask him, he had his tale all ready before he came. Pray did not you say, when you catcht me hold by the collar, d - n your eyes, I will have satisfaction of you for the money?
I did not.
I am a watchman: on the 18th of December I heard this man call the watch, and I heard the cry of watch! and murder! it was about half after eleven o'clock, as nigh as I can guess.
What was this cry in Parker's-street, Drury-lane?
It was; I was in Cross-lane; I went as fast as I could to them, and the prisoner gave the first charge; and I saw this man all over bloody: I took them both to the watch-house, and the prosecutor gave me charge of the prisoner; the prisoner only gave charge, but did not say for what; the prosecutor charged him with robbing him of a pair of buckles, some silver, a watch, and a hat; he had no hat on; I only took them both to the watch-house, and took the prosecutor to the Middlesex hospital by order of the watch-house-keeper; I went for him next day to the hospital, to take him to the office.
Did you, on the prisoner being charged by the prosecutor, search him?
We did, but found nothing on him but some silver in his pocket.
Did not I tell you that I gave charge of this man when you came first up?
Yes, you did.
I was going home to my lodgings: this man, that swears so false against me, was in Parker's-lane; there was a mob with him; and he met me, and says immediately, d - n your eyes, you are one of them; by Jasus, I will hang you, for the sake of the money; and he got hold of me, and entangled me by the shirt, and I called the watch; and when the watch came up, says I, this man has interrupted me; by Jasus, says he, I am almost murdered, and have been robbed; and they took me to the watch-house with him; and they searched me, and found nothing on me.
Which way did I take your buckles and watch?
I cannot swear you took the watch, but I can the buckles.
