I am the wife of Thomas George, a weaver , at Bethnal-green : My property was hanging in the garden to dry, and when I went to take them in I saw a man taking them away over the wall, last Friday was a fortnight, a little after nine at night, he dropped them in the next yard; I holloaed to my husband, and he came out, and pursued him over the wall; I came through again to the street-door, and there I took him; a neighbour came up and assisted me, and I brought him in doors; I am certain he is the man.
She said, before the Justice, that she could not swear to me.
I swore positively before the Justice that he was the man.
My wife called out to me that there was a man running away with her property; I ran out, jumped over the wall, and got over the sence, before I could lay hold of him.
I am a carpenter: Last Friday was a fortnight, as I was returning home from my work, I heard a voice crying out, Thomas; upon that, I saw a man coming over a sence, near the corner of a house adjoining the prosecutor's, the prisoner is the man; he then turned into the court where the front door opened; I followed him, and the woman of the house opened the door, she laid hold of him, and said, that was the man; he did not make any resistance; a neighbour and she held him while her husband went for an officer; I then left them.
Last Friday was a fortnight, in the evening, as I was coming down Princes-court, I heard a noise, and saw Mrs. George holding a man by the collar; I assisted to secure him till her husband got an officer.
I had been at a shipmate's house in Virginia-row, I heard a cry of stop thief, and they stopped me.
On Friday, the 23d of June, my sister-in-law came to me, and told me a man was taken up for stealing something out of the garden; I have lived four years in the neighbourhood, and never changed a word with Mrs. George; when my sister had told me this, I went to them, I said, I would advise you to get an officer, there is no sufficient evidence to prove that any body saw it, by all means get an officer; accordingly they got an officer; Barker and I were standing at the door, I said to him, how was it; why, says he, I went up to the door, and Mrs. George laid hold of him, and said, this is the man; says he, I laid hold of him too; let me go, says the prisoner; no, says he, I will be d-d if I let you go before the husband comes; then an officer was got, and they were soliciting him to own it; how it terminated after that I cannot presume to tell; I said, I should like to see how it was, for he seemed to be very innocent; says Mrs. George, he was on this board getting over into the other yard; it was so low, that she might have laid hold of his coat and pulled him back again; he might have gone four different ways, one towards the Bird-cage, at Hackney, with more case than he could have come round to the front of the house.
How long have you been acquainted with the prisoner?
I never saw him before.
How came you here to-night?
Some of my neighbours said they should like to hear how it would go.
You came here to serve your friend, and you have done him much more disservice than you imagine; because you have said enough to prove that she had a very good opportunity of seeing his person.
