I am a jeweller ; the prisoner was servant with me near three years, and was, at the time of the robbery, a weekly servant ; sometime back, the prisoner was detected by a servant of mine, in selling an article, and putting the money in his pocket; in consequence of which, I went to Bow-street, and got a warrant to search his apartment, where we found a gold seal specified in the indictment, which he acknowledged he took from me.
How do you know it was his apartment?
It was an apartment in my house that I gave him to live in, it is over the shop where the seal was taken from.
In what part of the apartment did you find this seal?
In his bureau or drawer.
Was that bureau locked?
I believe it was, I was by the officer at the time.
Did you miss any property besides this seal?
No; it is impossible I can tell when I do lose property, I have several shops.
How do you know this seal to be your's?
It is made by the same man that makes gold seals for me, it was the same pattern, and he produced it, and acknowledged it.
How long ago was this?
It might be three weeks or a month ago, I cannot exactly say.
At the time he made this acknowledgement, had you said, it would be better for him or worse, if he did not make such acknowledgement?
Not that I recollect.
Did not you tell him, in case he satisfied you about this, that you would not prosecute him, but permit him to go to sea?
Most assuredly not, nor any body else to my knowledge, his wife begged that he might go to sea, he acknowledged to have taken it, and he was very sorry for it.
This man is a young man, and has a very young wife?
Yes; he has been married, I believe, two or three years.
I am working jeweller; about fourteen or fifteen months ago, I received some things of the prisoner to dispose of in my shop for him, and on the 28th of September, Mr. Hamlet, Mr. Miller, and the prisoner, came to my shop, he begged I would give him what things I had received of him, I took them out of the window.
Was this seal part of them?
No.
I don't know any thing about this seal.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street, I went with Mr. Hamlet to search the prisoner's apartments, on Wednesday the 28th of September, this seal was in one of the drawers, it was about one o'clock; he took this gold seal out of one of the drawers, and said it was the property of Mr. Hamlet, and that he meant to return it the first opportunity he had, I have had it ever since.
What the prisoner said was, sir, it is your's, and I meant to put it in its place again as soon as I could?
He said, he was sorry for it, and wished to return it the first opportunity.
He did not pretend at all that he meant to convert it to his own use?
He said, he was very sorry, and wished to return it as soon as he could.(The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called five witnesses, who gave him a good character).
