I live in Fenchurch-street, I am partner with James Bennett , Capel Cure, and Henry Cope .
What do you know respecting the loss of this sugar?
They are articles that I cannot possibly swear to, but we deal in articles of that kind; the nature of our business does not admit of saying that we have lost exactly these articles.
Then what is it you are enabled to say respecting this charge against the prisoner?
On Thursday night last two constables, whose names are mentioned in the indictment, (Jostling and Gardiner) came to me and said they had found
They came to give you some information?
Yes.
Did you do any thing in consequence?
Yes, I appeared before Sir William Plomer .
Had they any body in custody when you see them first?
No.
Did you see any body before the alderman?
Yes, I saw this man, he had been my servant about two years.
Were there any goods then produced?
They were, some sugars of different qualities, and some nutmegs.
Who had these articles then?
The constable, the man who came to me.
Is there any other persone at all interested in the share of your business besides those you mentioned?
None but myself.
What have you done with the articles?
I left them in the hands of the constable, I could not swear to them.
I am a constable belonging to the city. On Thursday night, the 6th of January, going round on my duty, between the hours of seven and eight, I was in Lad-lane, I observed the prisoner with a smock frock on in Lad-lane, I observed something to bulge out at the side under it.
Was he walking?
Walking; I stopped him and asked him what he had got? and he immediately took out this loaf of sugar from under his frock; I then asked him how he came by it; he said, he was a porter at Mr. Davis's and Newman's, in Fenchurch-street; I then searched him and perceived when I put my hands into his pocket; I said, my friend, I shall take you to the Castle, the corner of King-street, and search you; he said, I will go with you; he went with me very quietly, and then when we came to the Castle, I took one of these parcels of sugar from his pocket, and the other he gave me from his pocket; I then searched him farther and underneath his smock frock and waistcoat, in his breeches, I took this quantity of sugar, it contains moist sugar in two bags; I then searched him further, and in one of his jacket pockets I found fifteen nutmegs; I then went to Mr. Davis's and Newman's, in Fenchurch-street, and went to the counting house and did not hear that he belonged to that house, and there they went with me to Mr. Bennett's, where I found he was a servant.
Were you with Mr. Jostling at this time?
Yes.
Was you with him when he stopped the prisoner?
Yes.
You have heard what Mr. Jostling has said on that subject?
Yes.
You was present all the time?
Yes.
When Mr. Jostling stopped him did you see the prisoner produce any thing from his smock frock?
He produced this loaf of sugar.
Did you hear him say where he came from or whom he lived with?
He said, he lived with Davis and Newman, in Fenchurch-street.
When they got to the Castle did you see those other articles produced?
Yes, just in the same manner as Jostling says.
