On the 12th of November last I had been to see a particular acquaintance, lay dying in the Temple, he died the next day. Coming along as I got right facing Long-acre this here gentleman, that man that is there, he says to me who are you? this was right facing the White Horse door, facing Long-acre in Drury-lane ; it was about half after nine as near as I can guess, the prisoner at the bar said who are you? I said what is that to you who I am? with that he up with his fist, and said d-n your eyes take that, and knocked me down, and gave me a black eye, it was very bad for a fortnight he walked off, and I got up and followed him, and I took him myself, I lost eighteen shillings.
Did you examine whether that money tumbled on the ground, or was you apprehensive it was taken by the prisoner?
It could not tumble on the ground, for I had a pair of leather breeches, that were very tight. I had it when I came from the Temple, where I had been to see my friend, I did not go from my house till near seven o'clock in the evening, I stayed about an hour or so along with my friend; I am certain I had my money when I went from my house, I laid hold of this same Smith, four more got about me, or got me down by some means or other in the scuffle into the kennel, then by and by one of them clapped his hand over my mouth to keep me from hallooing out, and stopped my breath a little while; as soon as I could I hallooed out murder! the prisoner hallooed out, cut away! cut away! I had got hold of him in both hands while he made use of that expression.
Had you ever seen the prisoner at the bar before this time?
Never to my knowledge.
How long was this matter in transacting?
We got to the watch-house by ten o'clock, and I kept him all the way, I never let him loose, not till we got to the watch-house.
You was knocked down at first by the prisoner?
I was.
Did it not render you insensible?
No, I was sensible enough to get up directly and follow him.
Then you had never left hold not till you came to the watch-house?
No, and then I kept hold of him likewise all the way to the watch-house.
What became of these other men?
I cannot tell, they all got away on my crying murder.
Then you brought him to the watch-house, what followed afterwards?
The constable of the night took charge of him, and he was taken before a justice of peace, and committed.
The moment you laid hold of me did not I try to disengage myself all that ever lay in my power?
He attempted to get away from me when I got him fast.
I was coming along with my brother, we had been drinking most part of the evening together, who was the only person in company with me, there stood a coach near the pavement, with one man on the box, and I thought I would get up, and there ensued a scuffle between the coachman and me, my brother ran down immediately, thinking I should be overpowered, and I came down with my feet on the pavement; as soon as I came on the pavement this gentleman was there, and he put his hand out to lay hold of me, which I acknowledge, that I struck him; that gentleman laid hold of me; I strove all that I could to disengage myself, and in the scuffle we both fell down in the mud; I said to my brother, get him away, get him away; I was overpowered and struck till the blood run out of my car; they took me away to the watch-house, and the coachman came also, and gave charge of me the same time that this gentleman did.
Can you look me in the face, and say that you was robbed by me?
I was robbed, I cannot tell by whom.
This is a malicious piece of business; I had no more intention of robbing him than I have of putting an end to my life. I had two poor people attending to speak for me all the day, and they said, they could not stay any longer.
