I live at No. 151, in Fenchurch-street: I am in the commission-line, selling hardware : I lodge at No. 10, Great Bell-alley; I am a married man, and have four children; my family are in the country: on the 15th of September I was returning from the Haymarket to the city; just as I was coming into Cheapside I observed the prisoner by my side, who was looking earnestly at me; he followed me; I went to the Saracen's Head, in Friday-street, to call on a friend on business; the prisoner passed the gate; I did not find my friend, nor was any one in the street; there is a church in Friday-street ; I stopped to make water; the prisoner came up and stood in the same position; as soon as I had done he came up to me and took hold of my arm, and put the other forcibly in my breeches, on my private parts; he immediately said what compliment do you mean to make me; I was much surprised; but I looked at him, and I asked him who he was, and what he wanted; he said he was a distressed man, and must have two guineas, and I was a gentleman that could give it him; if not he would charge me with behaving in an indecent and unnatural manner, and would raise a mob about me, and he would soon do me; he followed me and behaved in a very indecent manner, and made use of very abusive language, pulling me by the arm, and said he would not leave me till he had something from me; he made use of very abusive language, calling me b - r, and those names, and would not leave me till he had got money from me; I was very much alarmed; I went down King-street and Cateaton-street, into Coleman-street; the prisoner still kept at my elbow all the way, attempting several times to take hold of my arm; when I came into Coleman-street I considered I had some friends there, that if the man should follow me in, some might think me wrong and the others might think me right, therefore I was determined to walk on to try to get rid of him; then I went to London Wall, through the church yard, and in that part the prisoner said he would have money before I went any further; I told him I had only half-a-crown; he then insisted he would rifle my pockets; he put his hands into my waistcoat pocket, and attempted to put them into my breeches pocket, which I would not suffer; my alarm encreased; I went into Bishopsgate-street; he was more trouble some and louder, and said he would go no further; he said if I did comply, and give him a guinea and a half, he would leave me immediately, and I should never see him again; I there considered that I had every thing at stake, and perhaps my life; if he had accomplices with him, and if not, my character, which was as dear to me as my life; my family's happiness was at stake, and every thing I held dear; I told him that if he would walk quietly along I would give him a guinea and a half, if that would relieve his distress, but it was only under this consideration, that if he attacked me in the street the mob would not think as they ought to think, and that my character might suffer; for that, and that only, I promised him; I then immediately went to the Butler's Head; I had not a guinea and a half about me; I had half a guinea and half-a-crown; I asked the landlord, James Baldwin , to lend me a guinea, and desired the prisoner to stop at the Butler's Head, and I would give him a guinea and a half as I promised; he did not stay at the door, he followed me in; he came into the tap room; I borrowed a guinea and gave him a guinea and a half, and he seemed satisfied and went away; none of my friends were there at that time; I went into the room and drank one glass of brandy and water; sit down, I could not, I walked up and down the room; in about half an hour he came to the door of the room where I was and enquired for me, but not by name; he beckened me out of the room, and I went out to him, and he said he had a friend there that wanted to speak to me; I found, as he said, that there was a person with him; it was just outside the door; says he I am sorry for what I have done; I have a friend
Would you have parted with this money if it had not been through fear?
I am not subject to fear; if he had stopped me on the highway I should not have thought any thing of it; but to attack my character!
Did not you come past me three or four times and look in my face? he says never mind, you are not a native of England; what countryman are you? I said of Holland; I said I am going to Holland next Monday; he said what kind of country is that; he asked me many questions; he asked me to have some Burton and a bowl of bunch.
Not a word of the sort.
He said you are rather low spirited, is there any thing in my power that I can serve you?
Never a word passed between us but what I have related.
Then he laid hold of my arm, as we were walking along.
By no means, he attempted several times to take hold of my arm.
He said I should not be afraid of him, he was a true Englishman and could afford to spend a thousand guineas.
I, thinking the man was drunk, said I wish you good night, Sir.
When you gave me the guinea and a half, did not you appoint me to call upon you on Monday?
By no means; before the Lord Mayor he said it was Sunday, but that was false.
I keep the Butler's Head; on the 15th of September the prosecutor came into my house followed by the prisoner; I think it was him; he went out and came back again; and he asked me to borrow a guinea; I lent him one, and he went out; he seemed very much frightened; on the Sunday morning he told me the story, and in the evening the prosecutor, Mr. Waldron, and Mr. Collier came in, and afterwards the prisoner came to the door; I asked him who he wanted, he said Mr. Peters; I said there was no such person there; he said that is the gentleman, I want to speak to him in private; I proposed taking him up stairs; then he began to beg for mercy; he pulled out a guinea, half a crown, and a shilling; chucked them on the table and said he was sorry; Mr. Collier said, down on your knees and say if Mr. Peterson has offered any thing indecent to you; and he said no, it was distress; when the prisoner was taken before the Lord Mayor he called me on one side, and begged I would do my endeavour to speak to Mr. Peterson to forgive him, and he would immediately go into his own country.
I lodge at the Saracen's Head, Friday-street; I am not at present in any business; I was present on Sunday evening, not exactly at the express desire of Mr. Stephenson; the situation I stood in precluded me from seeing the prisoner as he came in at the door; but Peterson said to me, that is the rascal that insulted me last night; I saw the prisoner; the man at the house proposed taking him up stairs; the prisoner said he wanted to speak to Mr. Peterson in private; I said, he had the night before, and now must speak in publick; he put his hand into his pocket and took out one guinea and half a crown, and said, it was all his money; he would give it to make it up with the prosecutor; I desired him to go on his knees, and declare to me whether Mr. Peterson had made any such attack upon him the preceding night; he protested to me in a solemn manner, with his hands up, that he had not: when the constable came in, he came round a little table in the room and demanded the money; the man said he should not have it; then he said to Mr. Peterson, he knew what he had earned the money for, and it was his; I would not go near the rascal.
I am the waiter at the Butler's Head; I recollect the prisoner; he came to me about eleven on Saturday night as I was shutting up my master's shutters, he asked me whether I knew who that person was that went in, I told him Mr. Peterson.
When I came into the room, did not you take hold of my ring, and say, you d - d rascal this is my ring?
When he came into the room, I observed he had a ring on his finger; I said you cannot be a man in much distress to have a ring, let me look at it.
My Lord, my life is in your hands; how came this Mr. Peterson to be in bodily fear, if innocent? and take me to his home, where there were twenty or thirty people, and lend me a guinea and a half; why did he not take me then; he said, I am a gentleman, there, take this; I said I was going to Holland on Monday; he said call on me on Monday; I came back to tell him I could not call on him on Monday, but would call on Sunday night; he said, keep the money, my good fellow, you are welcome to it as long as you come from Holland; on Sunday evening I went there, having a guinea and half a crown and a shilling in my pocket; I said I came here to return him a guinea, and I will leave him any thing, and my direction, till I come from Holland to pay him the rest.
