I am the wife of Joshua Neville . Last Thursday was a week the prisoner came to me; I live in Shoe-lane, No. 75 ; between four and five in the afternoon he came, and asked if I had a lodging to let for a single man, only to sleep in on nights, as he was just come out of the country that day to get work, and never was in London before. He was to sleep in the one pair of stairs back room, and was to pay two shillings a week, furnished; I found sheets, and every thing. I asked him for a character; he said, he knew nobody in London, and nobody knew him. I said, you look like an honest countryman, I believe you must come. Going down stairs, I asked him his name; he said, William Smith . About eight o'clock he came to sleep; going up stairs, he asked me, which way he was to get out in the morning, as he should be out before four o'clock, as he had got work at Mr. Pinder's, the stone-mason's, the other side of Fleet-market. That rather surprized me; and I told him to tap at the wainscot, and I would let him out. We had a side door; but I thought it was best for him to tap, as he was a stranger. Between four and five we heard him getting up, as we lay under him. My husband got up to see if he went to Mr. Pinder's; and when he came down, finding he could not get out, he tapt at the wainscot, and my husband went and let him out, and looking after, found he went towards Holborn instead of going the other way. He ran up stairs, and finding the sheet was gone, pursued him.
I am a tin-plate-worker . I got up before the prisoner some time; about a quarter of an hour before five; the prisoner got up about five. When the prisoner came down, he went backward to see if that was the way out into the street; but finding it was not, he came in, and tapped at the wainscot. When he tapped at the wainscot, I let him in, and I looked about him to see if I could see any thing that he might take with him; I did not perceive any thing about him, but I let him out. He went the wrong way for Mr. Pinder's; I suspected him by that, and immediately went up stairs, and missed the sheet. I came down, and looked out at the door, and saw him about seventy yards from the house, and I pursued; he did not see me, and he turned up Bagnio-court. I overtook him in about twenty yards up the court; I said, countryman, you have got my sheet; he immediately put his hand into his pocket to give it me; I told him, that would not do for me; he must come along with me; and I took him to the watch-house. Mr. Layton, the constable, searched him before me, and on him was found the sheet, and also a shirt, and a silk cloak.
I am the constable. A little after five o'clock on Friday morning, the 9th, I was discharging the watch, when the prisoner was brought in. I searched him, and found a sheet in one pocket, and a shirt in another, and a silk cloak in his breeches, and in his fob two duplicates.
I have nothing to say against the charge.
