I live with Mrs. Vint; her husband's name is Edward, he is the printer of the Gazetter , in Ave-Maria-lane , the back windows look into Stationer's-court; I made the parlour window fast when I went to bed; on the 31st of March, I and my mistress both went out of the room together; at three o'clock in the morning we were alarmed that the house was broke open; I went into the parlour, and found that the parlour shutter was broke open, unbolted, and the sash up.
Are you sure you fastened this window when you went to bed?
Yes.
I live in Ave-Maria-lane; our back parlour looks into Stationer's-court; I went to bed at ten o'clock on Friday night, the 1st of April, and was called up at three o'clock on Saturday morning; I went with the maid into the parlour, she fastened the window, and I put my hand to see if it was safe; I heard a ringing at the bell, at three o'clock in the morning, there was nobody in the house but the maid and me, all the rest of the family were in the country. I sent her down to know what was the matter; she came up, and said she could make nobody hear; I bid her go up to the top of the house to a trap-door, and call the men together; it is a double house, they work in the next house, there is a communication; the man followed her down stairs, and said the house had been robbed, for they found some of my property as they came into the parlour; I did not look at the window, but at the pictures which were taken down, six of them; and a pair of spectacles that I left in a wine-glass were on the side-board, and the case on a harpsichord.
Did you observe the window at all?
No.
Are you sure the six pictures that were taken down were hanging up?
I am.
I am a printer; I conduct the printing business for Mrs. Vint; I was up one pair of stairs in the printing-house where we do the paper for the Gazetter, I was reading some proofs, at the time, in my place; I heard a great noise below of some of our men, in the passage that goes into Ave-Maria-lane; two or three people ran down, and I ran down immediately after, and found that our own people had stopped the prisoner at the bar, in a passage coming up out of the cellar; almost immediately, before I could speak to the prisoner, one of the men picked up a bundle that lay in the passage.
What is his name?
I believe, to the best of my memory, Peter Williams ; there were several things, I observed, in the bundle, particularly an haunch-bone of beef, and some of the cloaths of the servant; then the prisoner was secured.
How near was this to the parlour that looks into Stationer's-court?
They are two houses, and there is a communication at the top, and at the bottom.
What passage was the prisoner taken at?
At that which goes up to the printing-house.
What time was it?
Between one and two in the morning; I asked the prisoner what business he had there; he told me he had been at two or three clubs, or public-houses, I cannot say which, that he wanted to ease himself, and thought that a proper place; and made his way up this passage to go and ease himself.
Is the door of this passage always open of a night?
It was till then.
Was it possible he could get into that house through that door?
Yes; he could not get into the dwelling-house that way, he might through the cellar; but he must have broke a large iron bar to get into the kitchen.
Did you not say the cellar-door was broke open?
No; when the bundle was found, I sent a person to see if the cellar was broke open, and it was not.
I am a printer; being at my business, between the hours of one and two, I came down stairs, hearing a noise, and saw the prisoner in the passage; I was the first that heard the alarm; he was coming up into the passage, up the cellar stairs; he stopped, and made no resistance; I asked him his business; he told me he had been to case himself; he stood some time, and others came down stairs from above, and one went for a watchman to take charge of him, and take him to the watch-house; some time after, I went down stairs, and found a knife, or chopper, near the kitchen door; I soon after, with others, when the maid was called up, went up to the top of the house, and went through the house, the maid came up and let us in that way; I went into the parlour, and saw the pictures, some hanging corner ways, the other things were disturbed; it appeared that somebody had got in at the window, the parlour window being open, next to Stationers court; then we went towards the kitchen-door, and found the pictures packed up in an apron, apparently for carriage, they were lying near the kitchen-door, in a small room at the bottom of the kitchen-stairs. There is a door out of the kitchen into the other house, but it was bolted on the contrary side to where the prisoner was; part of the things were brought out into the passage leading into Ave Maria-lane.
I want to know how they were brought through?
I cannot tell.
I am a printer; I heard a noise in the passage, and went down stairs; the prisoner had been stopped; a bundle lay in the passage; I took a candle and went down the cellar-stairs, and picked up a weather glass.
Any thing else?
No.
No bundle?
It lay in the passage before I went down, I saw it say there; I know nothing of the contenrs of it.
I am a constable; I received this bundle from Joseph Jones.
He did not receive it from me, the constable took it at the watch-house.
(To Shepherd.) Who gave it you?
It was put on the table in the watch house; I do not know by whom. (Produces a bundle, a weather-glass, and six prints).
Who gave you these things?
I am not positive.
I am a watchman; there was watch called between one and two, on Saturday morning last; I went, and took the prisoner to the watch-house; this bundle was found in the passage, and the prisoner in the house.
Did you see the bundle in the passage?
Yes; we took it to the watch-house with the prisoner, and from thence to the Compter.
Do you know who brought the weather-glass?
I went up with the bundle to the watch-house; when I came back from the Compter, I picked up a handkerchief and a spectacle case, outside of the door where the bundle came from.
A silk handkerchief?
I can't be positive, it was a chocolate coloured spotted handkerchief; I found them on the outside of the house, in Ave-Maria-lane.
All these things were found in the printing-house?
All but the handkerchief and spectacle case.
Did you find how the persons got into the house?
Through Stationer's-court, into the window.
In what manner did the persons get out from your house?
I fancy through the kitchen-door; it was barred when we went to bed; I suppose somebody must be left in to undar it, and let somebody out, and then bar it again.
I am employed by Mrs. Vint to read the Gazetteer; between one and two o'clock on the day stated, I was coming from the door that leads from the accompting-house, and I saw a man standing in the passage; I enquired his business, he then ran out, and I pursued him; no assistance being near me, he escaped.
Is the prisoner the man?
No, that is not the man; I returned, and found the prisoner in the passage; that is all that I know.
This stair-case leads to the back-kitchen?
Yes.
In which back-kitchen there is a communication with the house?
Yes.
I had been up to the other end of the town to work, I had been in two or three public-houses, I was in liquor; coming up Ave-Maria-lane, I thought this was a public-house, and went into it to case myself; a man asked me what I wanted, and said, that that bundle belonged to me, and I said, no, it did not.(The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character).
