I am a journeyman carpenter ; I am 61 years of age; I lost my watch, the 19th of December, between six and seven in the evening, in Marshall-street, Carnaby-market ; I was going home from my work, and I saw a man pass, which I did not take particular notice of, and then the prisoner came up, and asked me, how do you do, daddy? and then gave me a slight push on the breast; I hardly knew whether it was meant to hurt me, but he made me lean back, and took my watch out of my pocket, and I cried out stop thief! before it was well out of my pocket; I pursued him, and I had the person in view till the turning of Broad-street, and then I lost him: I pursued the cry, and there was a crowd, and I pushed into the crowd, and saw the prisoner, and to the best of my knowledge he is the same person that took the watch from me; there were some lamps near; I did not know his voice; but when he came up, and said, how do you do, daddy? I looked at him, and supposed it must be somebody that I knew: I leave him to the mercy of the Court, and the clemency of the Jury? I am 61, and then was quite sober; I had only part of five pots of beer that afternoon with others.
I am a smith; I was coming up Broad-street, and saw a man running considerably a-head of the other people; the prisoner was running down Broad-street; Marshall-street crosses Broad-street; he was by himself; the people might be fourteen yards from him, making up towards him, following him; he was the foremost, and came running into my arms; he said he was not the man, but was the person that cried stop thief! I told him he was the first person I saw run; I took him by the collar, and Mr. Davis came up and said he was the man; the watch was picked up in the street; he was taken to the public-house, and a constable sent for.
You know that part of the street where the prosecutor says this happened?
Yes.
Between that place where he described this to have happened, and the place where you met the prisoner, how many streets were there that branched out from the street you was in?
Cambridge-street and Poland-street.
I picked up the watch in Broad-street, at the end of the crossing leading from the end of Poland-street to Cambridge-street; Marshall-street is at the top of Broad-street.
Supposing a person had come out of Marshall-street into Broad-street, could he have dropt the watch in that place where you found it?
Yes, he could.
At what time did you pick it up?
I believe it might be a little better than half after six, it was after the cry of stop thief! that I picked it up, eight or nine minutes; I knew when I picked up the watch that there was somebody in custody.
Coming up Marshall-street, I stopped a few minutes; I heard a cry of stop thief! I went on, and pursued, and this Goreing cried out, stop thief! and said, there he goes; and this gentleman stopped me; I said I was not the person; I am as innocent of it as you are.
What way of life are you in?
A cabinet-maker .
I shall certainly attend to that recommendation; for though this slight of hand, which these people have acquired, is become extremely dangerous to the community, yet there certainly is a difference between that and open and direct violence, and there is certainly a fair ground for your recommendation.
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury; I hope for mercy to him as I hope for mercy to myself, and for the sake of his poor distressed mother; and sorry I am to think he is here.
