- I live in Duke-street, West Smithfield ; I keep a silversmith's shop , in partnership with my mother, Ann Barnes , and my sister, Louisa Ann Barnes : On the 10th of August, about seven in the evening, the prisoner came into our shop, and asked for a watch in the window of the value of 3l. 13s.; I told him there was not one marked at that price; he went out, and pointed to one marked three guineas; he came in and looked at it; he said, he did not think it was a good one, and desired to see another; he went out, and pointed to one marked 3l. 10s.; he told me he would give me three guineas for it; I told him, as watches were not very saleable, he should have it; he then desired to look at another; he said, he did not know which he should have; he then took both watches in his hand, and ran out into the street; I went out and screamed; he was soon brought back; he went down upon his knees, gave me the watches, and said, for God's sake do not hurt me, the watches are here.
How long have you been concerned in business together?
About ten years.
Your sister is as young and as handsome as yourself, I suppose?
It is very likely she may be.
Neither of you are married?
No.
Who pays the rent of the house?
All three of us.
After the money is received in the shop, how is it divided?
Equally among us.
Were there any articles of partnership entered into?
I shall not tell you any thing about it.
We must not enquire into family secrets.
At the time of your father's decease, was there any body in partnership with him?
No.
- I am a shoe-maker; as I was coming from Bartholomew-close, I heard a cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running, and I stopped him; he said, for God's sake let me go, it is only for a bastard child; when I took him back, he took the watches out of his pocket, and said, Miss Barnes, these are your property, for God's sake forgive me, or don't hurt me; I forget which it was; I am sure he is the man.
What had this good lady said to him, to induce him to make that intreaty of her to forgive him?
Nothing at all.
Did not she say, give me the watches, and I will not prosecute you?
No; she did not say any thing of that kind.
- I had these watches of Miss Sophia Barnes, (produces them) ; I took the prisoner into custody; I have had the watches ever since.
These are the two watches that I lost.
What may they be worth?
Forty shillings each.
Might not this poor fellow have, gone away at the time, only he stopped to ask your pardon?
No; I took care that he should not.
- I am not subpoenaed; I know nothing of the prisoner, but was accidentally at Guildhall at the time of his examination, and the prosecutrix told me that he might have run away if he pleased, that she gave him leave to do; I never saw him till I saw him before the sitting Alderman.
