I am the wife of George Holford, I live at No. 2, Queen street, Lower-street, Islington : On the 28th of June, our house was broke open in the night; I went to bed between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was the last up, I fastened the house and left all safe; I heard some little noise about one o'clock, as near as I can guess, but it did not disturb me, it was a sort of tumbling noise; I rose at six o'clock, and found the window of the wash house, and the wash-house door, wide open, I had fastened it the night before with iron bolts, the bolts had been burst open; the wash-house door goes into a back yard, there is a wall that goes over into several gardens.
Do the gardens join to the road or street?
No; I lost a gingham gown worth twenty-eight shillings, eight cotton waistcoats worth two pounds fifteen shillings, a cotton gown worth two shillings, a pair of nankeen breeches worth eight shillings, a linen bag, two check aprons, two cotton neck-handkerchiefs, a silk handkerchief, two cotton shawls, two cotton frocks, a gingham skirt, and a cotton one, and three pair of cotton stockings.
Are you sure all these things were in your house the night before, when you went to bed?
Yes.
Did you ever find any of them again?
Yes; at the Police-office, in Harton-garden, the same week.
I take it you slept pretty sound after one o'clock?
I was awake once in the night, my child cried.
You did not wake again till six o'clock?
No.
There were a great many walls to get over before he could get to your house?
A. No.
It was not easy to get over these walls in the dark, though it might be in the light?
I cannot say.
In what parish is this house situated?
In Islington parish.
Is there but one parish in Istington?
Not that I know of.
I am the husband of the last witness, I am a hard-working man: I was not disturbed in the night, I know no more of the matter than my wife has said.
I am a watchman: This day fortnight, as I had done calling three o'clock in the morning, I observed the prisoner, he was not in a soldier's dress then; I saw him first in Douce-street, Foundling-hospital, he moved towards the fields, and him and I had a bit of a discourse; at last, I told him he was well loaded, and I must know what he had got there; he said he had got his own coat and waistcoat, and his child's clothes; I took out a waistcoat and found it damp; says I, you will be so kind as come along with me; no, says he, I wont; however, I brought him to No. 11, in Guilford-street, I knew the gentleman's servant had been out all night; I rung the bell, the while I was ringing the bell he ran away from me, he ran towards Grays-Inn-lane, and got over a sence to the Bluelion; he dropped his coat by the sence, and I called stop thief, and a man stopped him in Gray's-Inn-lane, and I took him in the Dust-yard; I delivered the property to Spriggs.
On the morning of the 28th of June, the prisoner, Purdy, was brought to the watch-house, with a quantity of wet linen, by the watchman, Hearne, (produces it) , I have kept it ever since; in searching of him, I found seven gentlemen's waistcoats on his back, which they did not discover, and within-side of the lining of his hat, I found two linen handkerchiefs and a silk handkerchief, and a child's frock, (produces them) ; and I found, likewise, in his breeches, this instrument, a large turnscrew, a large gimblet, and a knife.
Are you a washerwoman?
Yes, I had these things to wash; I know them to be mine, they were left in the washhouse.
I found these lines upon him; I went to the house the next day, and tried this turnscrew with the place where the shutter was broke open; the line was cut in the garden, I took these lines with me and compared them, they corresponded exactly.
