May it please your Lordship, Gentlemen of the Jury, you have collected from the officer, and from my learned friend who opened the indictment, that the defendant, who is now charged before you to enquire of his guilt, has it imputed to him, that he has written and published an infamous and obscene libel: the defendant stands near you, and, gentlemen, if you have been in the habit of attending Courts of Criminal Jurisdiction, you will find there are some circumstances in this, which do not belong to ordinary trials at this place; and therefore, we have been under the necessity, in order to preserve any, the least, attention to delicacy and decorum, to desire the female sex may retire; and we have been under the necessity of desiring that the offence may not be stated even among men in the terms of this libel; we have done this, because a more infamous, a more disgraceful collection of obscene words never met together in so small a compass: It may be asked, if this is the description of the libel, why is it brought forward into the view of the public, and why is the defendant brought here to answer for it? I reply, for this plain and obvious reason, because, if young men, like the defendant, are to be permitted to insult the retirement of the female sex, to write their poison to the wives and daughters of their neighbours, and to intrude themselves on the privacy of decent families, there is an end to all the decorum, and to all the morals of the publick; and therefore, however painful it may be to those who are obliged to stand forwards to produce such filth as this, it is indispensibly necessary, in order that any of us may have decorum, decency, and peace of society preserved inviolable, and that we may live in a state superior to that of beasts, it is necessary that cases like this should be brought before Courts of Justice; it will be my endeavour to do my part within the line prescribed by the decorum and the decency which belong to this place, in which I stand. Gentlemen, the situation of the parties is this: - The prosecutrix, Mrs. Timmins, is related, by the intercourses of marriage, with that young man at the bar, and it seems that some of the family have had unfortunate disputes leading to a divorce, whether the conduct of this Lady has given well or ill-founded offence, is not necessary to enquire; but he has taken the liberty of writing this which I have in my hand - you will be obliged to cast your eyes upon it - the Court must look at it - I know who I have to deal with on the other side - I know there is no man who has so high a regard, I say so high a regard for the better part of our species than my learned friend, Mr. Fielding; therefore, I take it for granted, we shall have no public exhibition of it, and that those who are waiting to hear it, will be disappointed; but, Gentlemen, the Court and you will judge what sort of composition it is; this letter was written, as I shall prove to you, by the young man at the bar, and sent by the post to the prosecutrix, Mrs. Timmins; now it occurs to you, to ask how any body should behave on such a subject; when you see something written in the street that offends your eye, you take no notice of it; but this came by the post, therefore this Lady comes now to complain of it: the objects of inquiry will be two; first, was this written by the young man at the bar; and, next, was it sent, by the post, to the prosecutrix? With respect to that, it will be proved, by her, to have been received by her, with a post mark on it; with respect to the writing, I shall be under the necessity of calling to you several witnesses, who will be sorry to lend their assistance to convict their relation, their friend, and their partner; but I am told they are men of character, and I have no doubt, on the subject of handwriting. You know it is not required that a witness should be present at the time - the paper was written, it is not required that he should prove it is the hand-writing of the defendant, because that is a thing that no man can venture to do, unless he was present at the time, and knows the fact by some mark of his own; all that is required, is, that he believes this to be his hand-writing; therefore the labour upon me is extremely easy, and very short. I shall produce the paper, and shall put it into the hands of those acquainted with the handwriting of the defendant, and they will tell you that it is his, and then you will pronounce him guilty: The degree of punishment must rest with the Court. These are times in which it is clearly necessary that this sort of offence should be marked by a punishment pronounced upon it; we have seen Royal Proclamations filed by the Attorney General, which have been unavailing to suppress the public sale, distribution and dispersion, of the most infamous and obscene libel; we have seen the windows of the metropolis crouded with the most infamous and diabolical prints; such as no man, of common decency, can look at without shuddering with horror, such as no modest woman can venture to put her eyes upon. When people have the hardiness to avail themselves of the appetite of the public; I have said more, I am sure, than is necessary, more, I am sure, to impress you with the importance of the subject, a great deal more than can be necessary to excite the Court to lend it their best attention and assistance. I hope this young man will be made an example to others, not to sport at once, with the relationship he owes to the other sex, and, with all the principles of decency, public morality, and decorum.
I am a widow.
Did you receive that letter by the post?
I did.
Mr. Olivier is related to you by marriage, your son married his sister?
Yes.
How long ago did the marriage take place?
Three years next February.
The young couple did not live with you, I presume?
No, Sir.
You carry on a business to yourself?
Yes.
They did not live comfortably together, and were separated?
Yes.
There is a suit now depending in the Commons for a divorce. Have you had any connection at all with Mr. Olivier?
No more than his living with my son, as a servant , who was in the silk line.
Had you any kind of quarrel with him?
Never in my life.
How long ago is it since you received this letter?
In April last.
Had you, Madam, in the opportunities you had of seeing this young man frequently, the opportunities of seeing him write?
I never saw him write.
When you received this letter, by the post, I apprehend you did not suppose it came from him?
I did not know from whom it came.
This young man has never behaved with any rudeness, or incivility to you?
He has behaved not so polite as I should have thought a gentleman should have done at my son's.
How long is it since the first disagreement took place between the young couple?
Some time about January last; they have lived separate ever since that time.
Pray, as you know of this suit instituted in the Commons, by your son, perhaps you may know there is a recrimination there on her part?
I object to that.
I am son-in-law to the last witness. I am acquainted with the defendant exceedingly well; he was employed in the weaving line nine or ten months; his father-in-law was in partnership with us; I was well acquainted with his hand-writing.
Upon your mother's receiving this letter, did you make any application to the defendant on the subject?
Yes.
Did you know whose hand-writing it was on looking at the superscription?
I took it to be the defendant's.
Upon the letter being opened did you take the contents to be the same hand-writing?
Yes, I went to the defendant, and I said to him, how could you be so foolish to send such a letter as this to my mother? (Producing the letter,) he said, is it not true?
There is an insinuation that this woman every night or every hour committed fornication?
I said to him you know it is not, and how could you be so foolish as to do it. I told him afterwards I was sure it was his, and that he had much better go and ask her pardon for\\ send\\ ing such a thing; he said, I might go and give his compliments to her, and she might do her worst. Upon which I bid him good morning.
Look at that letter; from your acquaintance with the character of his hand-writing in five years, have you the least doubt in the world that that is his hand-writing, independant of his own confession?
I have not, I knew the first letter; that letter is quite nonsense, there is no making head nor tail of it.
You are a little related to the defendant, are not you?
I married his sister.
There is some dispute I believe between you and his sister in the Commons?
There is.
You have been a little anxious about that?
I must once more ask whether the private history of a man's life is to be brought into question?
Have you never held any conversation with the defendant in that suit?
Not to my knowledge, I do not recollect; I might.
Have you never held any conversation relative to that suit, in which this business of the libel has been afloat, since it began?
No, Sir.
Did he ever expressly acknowledge that was his hand-writing?
He did not say it was his hand writing, only by his manner of expressing himself.
What expression did he make?
He said, is it not true? I took the letter out of my pocket, I went to pay some rent, and to speak to his father about it; he was not at home, and young Olivier took the money.
You told the defendant that you was sure it was his hand-writing?
Yes.
Now upon your oath did he ever say it was?
All the words as I have related before.
Do you mean to say that that is in his usual common hand-writing?
It is in his usual scrawl, not as if he sat down to write any thing.
In the manner he does write in his common way; if he had written any thing else in the same manner, would you think it was his hand-writing?
I should.
How often have you seen him write?
A great many times.
This was in the beginning of April?
It was; it was about the middle.
You told a number of people of this?
No, I asked two; I asked Mr. Bassett for one.
Did not Mr. Bassett tell you, it was not his own hand-writing?
I think you told me that you did ask two gentlemen their opinions?
Yes.
I want to know of you the names of those two gentlemen?
Mr. Bassett and Mr. Ellis. Mr. Ellis is here, he was our late foreman; he happened to come up into the warehouse, and I believe I shewed it to him, I shewed him the letter, because he seemed to understand something about it; he came to enquire how the disturbance went on; he said he had heard something fresh.
Where did you see Mr. Ellis?
He came into my warehouse.
Why did you shew it to Mr. Bassett?
Bassett came into the warehouse, I believe I asked whether Hewitt was at home.
Did you ask him whether that letter was the writing of the defendant?
I believe I did, I cannot charge my memory. Some days after Mr. Olivier met me, and said I have heard nothing. Says I, that is nothing to me. Says he, you cannot do any thing to me for it.
Did you shew this to any body, from the least doubt of its being his hand-writing?
Not the least, I have no doubt to this time.
As far as any man can swear to a handwriting, you are positive?
Yes.
Now I must trouble the gentlemen of the jury to read the letter; I shall not have it read publicly, but it is highly proper you should read it.
Do you know the defendant, Mr. Olivier?
Yes, ever since he was a child.
Have you been acquainted with his character of hand-writing?
Yes, ever since he went to school, I have had it backwards and forwards in my hand.
I believe Mr. Timmins shewed you this letter?
He shewed me a letter.
Is that the letter?
To the best of my knowledge it is.
It is rather a particular letter, did you give him your opinion of the hand-writing at the time?
I gave him my opinion at the time that it was not, to the best of my knowledge.
Now upon your oath, having known his hand-writing, do you believe that to be his hand-writing?
No, I do not.
Is he a good natured lad?
The young man always appeared whenever I have been with him, which was more or less every day, to be a good-natured mild kind of a lad.
Is he a moral lad?
Yes.
I presume you are porter to Mr. Hewitt and Mr. Olivier's connexions?
Yes, formerly to the connexion which included Mr. Hewitt and Mr. Timmins, there has been some little difference.
It is not at all like your young master's hand-writing?
Not the least.
Look at it, it is not at all like any writing of his that you ever saw?
No, Sir, I cannot say I ever saw any like to this.
You do not think it bears the least resemblance to his hand-writing?
Not the least in the world.
You are astonished that any body should fancy it is like his writing?
Yes, I am.
It is not on account of any disagreement that you do not continue to be Mr. Timmins's porter?
No.
It is only on account of the inconvenient distance to which Mr. Timmins is removed?
Yes.
I have known the defendant all his life, and for twelve or fourteen months past have particularly observed his hand-writing; I have never seen his writing before, but as a school-boy. This letter does not appear to me to be his hand-writing.
Does it bear any the least similitude to his hand-writing?
I cannot say; one writing bears a similitude to another.
Therefore that bears a similitude to his writing?
It bears a similitude to writing.
Upon the oath you have taken, it does not bear any similitude to the hand-writing of the defendant?
I say not.
Not the least?
I say not.
Take it in your hand, Sir; what did you mean by saying to me that to be sure it did bear a similitude, because writing bears a similitude to writing; you have seen this young gentleman writing in your books?
Yes.
Have you seen his common ordinary scrawl?
No.
Never seen his scrawl?
I do not know any scrawl.
There is a misunderstanding between the two families?
Yes.
And you are the partner with this young gentleman's father-in-law?
I am.
This young man is very useful to you?
He does his duty.
I believe you are the father-in-law of this young man, the defendant?
Yes.
He is in your house?
Yes, I have known his hand-writing ten years.
Look at that letter, and give us your judgment whether it is your son-in-law's hand-writing or not?
Nothing like it, there is not one letter that is like it, I see his hand-writing constantly every day.
I live in Steward-street, Spitalfields, I know the young man, Olivier, I have been conversant with his hand-writing for two years ago.
From your memory of his hand-writing do you judge that to be his hand-writing?
I do not think it looks like his handwriting at that time, and he never was very fond of writing.
You have seen it before?
Never before this evening.
Look at it.
If I look at it for seven years I shall not know it better.
