I am the wife of William Davidson, the servant of Mr. Stafford, Crown court (No. 12,) Fleet-street .
Was that house broke open at any time?
I don't know as to that.
Were any of your husband's property taken away?
No, they were my wearing apparel.
Was any thing of Mr. Stafford's taken away?
Nothing, only move from the side board behind the door, and felt under the middle window, a mahogany knife case; I believe it was the 7th of June; they informed me it was about half after ten.
What did you lose?
Nothing but a cloak gone out of the parlour.
What time had you left the cloak in the parlour?
At half after four, when I left my master's house; I went back just when the clock struck eleven.
Have you ever had that cloak again?
No.
Did you lose a bonnet?
The bonnet remained there on the floor; is hung on the cloak in the room.
Where do you live?
At Mr. Stafford's, Crown-court, Fleet-street; an apprentice.
Were you at home on the 7th of June?
Yes.
Did any thing happen to the house?
I was in Mr. Stafford's kitchen a quarter before eleven o'clock in the evening, I heard a double rap at the door on which I went up immediately; I see a man in the parlour on the right hand side as I went up, I opened the door immediately; the watchman and patrol were together, they enquired if all were safe; I directly looked into the parlour, and see this man, and told them to secure him.
Who was that man?
The prisoner at the bar. He was secured in the parlour.
Did you know him before?
Yes.
Did you look about the house to see how he got in?
The windows were open of the parlour.
The sash do you mean?
Yes.
What time had you been in the parlour in the course of that night?
I had not been there before the time it was dark.
Were the windows of that parlour shut in the course of the evening?
That I don't know.
Whose business was it to shut that window?
Elizabeth Davidson 's.
To Davidson. Before you went out did you shut up the house at all?
No, I left one of the windows open when I went out.
I am a patrol of St. Dunstan's parish. About a quarter before eleven, on Sunday night, the 7th of June, I was going my round, I goes up Crane-court, and just by Mr. Stafford's window I see a tall man, that man seeing me coming behind, he passed on towards the top of the court, just at the top of the court he stopped to make water; I passed him a sew yards, and I thought that he lived in the court, at some of the houses in the top; I returned, and as I returned I see Mr. Stafford's parlour window open, the sash lifted up; I could not see any body about the house then. I immediately comes down into Fleet-street, and I says to the watchman, do you know Mr. Stafford's window is open?
Did you go back again?
Yes. I took the watchman with me, and as I was going up the steps, the same man that I see standing to make water at the top of the court, I see exactly under the parlour window that was thrown up, and he met me about ten yards up the court; says I, what do you want here? says he, I come to ease myself; says I, have you been easing yourself since I see you making water at the top of the court? says he, that is easing myself; says he, don't handle me, I am a housekeeper, I will give you my address. I immediately leads him back under the window; the watchman knocked at the door, William Hull came and opened the door; I asked him if he knew his window was open? he said there was somebody in the parlour; I thought he meant there was somebody belonging to the house there, and I losed the man that I had by the collar, and he instantly ran away, and at that instant, momentarily, I see the prisoner in the parlour, laying down on the window seat, inside of the parlour; I instantly rushed in and seized him. In the parlour there was a knife case moved from a side board from behind the door, on the carpet; there was a bonnet on the floor. We took him to the watch-house, and he had nothing found on him but a tobacco box, two shillings and a silk handkerchief.
I leave it to your superior judgment, and the gentlemen of the jury.
You are the watchman?
Yes. About a quarter before eleven the patrol came to my box, which is at the corner, belonging to Mr. Gurney, and asked me
What did you do?
I went with him, and we met a tall young man in the court, and Mr. Quick collared him, and he asked him, what do you do here? says he, I am easing myself, says he, you cannot have eased yourself since I see you. So we went up to Mr. Stafford's door, and I gave a double rap at the door, and I asked the young man if the house was all safe; and he saw a young man in the parlour, and he said, here is somebody here; and Mr. Quick let the person that he had in his custody go; and he took to his heels; and we seized the prisoner in the parlour. When I went round my round at ten o'clock, the windows were down; both of the window shutters are inside, so that they are out of the command of a watchman, but the windows were down.
I would wish to ask every one of the servants which of them recollects shutting the window; this man has swore that the window was shut; it is false, the window was open.
