I am a collar-maker , I work for sadlers , I do not keep a shop: On the 15th of November I lost the things mentioned in the indictment from my premises, No. 3, Smart's-buildings, High-Holborn , they hung up in my back premises; I was not at home at the time, my apprentice told me what had happened when I came home, about three o'clock in the afternoon I missed them, I saw them again before the Magistrate at Bow-street, the watch-house-keeper produced them.
Had you ever seen the prisoner about your premises?
Never.
I deal in old clothes, or any thing, I get my bread in the streets: On the 15th of November, about twelve o'clock at noon, the prisoner came into the White-hart, in Drury-lane, where I was, and they attacked him with a pair of sheets, and out of pity to him they let him loose, after they had got their property; and about three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner come off the steps of Mr. Ingate's door, with two collars upon his shoulder, without any thing over them; I saw him take them past Mr. Lane's, the pawnbroker, in Holborn, the corner of Smart's-buildings; then be crossed the way, and went up St. Giles's, and my partner and Mr. Ingate's apprentice went after him.
I get my bread with the last witness: I saw the prisoner with the collars upon his shoulder, and just after he came out of she house he put them in a bag, and I followed him, with Mr. Ingate's apprentice, as far as St. Giles's Church, and then he came back again to Dyot-street; the apprentice then laid hold of him.
When he was stopped, could you then see what was in the bag?
The bag was so small that it would not cover them; he was then taken to St. Giles's watch-house, and the bag was given to the watch-house-keeper, James Morgan .
I am apprentice to Thomas Ingate : I was at work in the front shop, I did not see the prisoner take any thing, but I was alarmed that we had been robbed, and I ran as hard as I could after hin; I saw him with two collars in a bag, I saw them sticking out upon his shoulder as he was going along, I pursued him about a quarter of a mile, and then stopped him; I took the bag from him, and took him to St. Giles's watch-house, I gave the bag to Mr. Morgan at the watch-house; we found all the things mentioned in the indictment about him.
I am round-house-keeper at St. Giles's, the prisoner was brought to me on the 15th of November; the last witness brought the collars with him, and I found a bag under his arm.
The other things I cannot swear to; I missed such things.
A man gave them to me to carry for him, and he was to give me a pot of beer; they are very heavy, and I could not have carried them is I had not had three glasses of gin in my belly.
