I am a jeweller , in St. James's-street , in partnership with John Dingwall, and David Pratt Vernon.
Who are the persons inhabitting that house?
Mr. Dingwall, myself and my wife; the prisoner at the bar was my servant; she had been in our service about five or six weeks; On the third of last December, a little after seven o'clock in the evening, I went out, Mrs. Bailleu went out before me; I left Mr. John Dingwall , my partner, in the house, we had no other servant besides the prisoner, the articles in the indictment were generally locked up in the evening after eight o'clock, in an iron closet, very secure; the things were not deposited in this closet till after I was gone out; I left them to Mr. Dingwall's management; when I returned I did not find the servant at home, Mr. Dingwall got home before me.
I am partner with Gerard Baillieu , and David Pratt Vernon: On the 3d. of December, I left the house about a quarter after eight; I left the prisoner in the house and nobody else; I told her that I should return in the course of an hour; before I went out, I locked up the diamond and jewellery articles in a strong iron closet, the key of which we usually hang up in a room, which we call our jewel room.
Did you do so that evening?
I did, there were a few articles of no great value that we don't lock up; I returned a little after nine o'clock, I knocked several times at the door, and could not get admittance; I then enquired of a person in the neighbourhood, if she had seen the servant; I have never seen her since, till she was apprehended; about eleven o'clock, I got two neighbours to force open the door; when I got in, I observed one of the covers of the shew-glass turned, and the side of it broke, and several articles, ear-rings and other things stolen; I then went to the jewel room, where I had hung the key of the iron closet, and unlocked it, and missed the diamond articles that I had locked up before I went out.
Were all the articles in this indictment missing?
They were.
Whereabouts is the value of the whole?
between 15 and 1600l.
Did you know any thing of this business till this woman was taken up?
A number of the articles were found upon Lee, in Dublin, who was convicted last sessions.
When you were in Dublin, did you find any of the property in the indictment, in the possession of Lee?
No.
Were you present when this woman was apprehended?
Yes; on Sunday morning, the 28th of February, in a place called Lvey-street, St. Giles's; Carpmeal and Rivet were with me, and Baillieu; we found the servant in bed, she had no woman's cloaths there; when she got up, she dressed herself in man's cloaths; I saw Rivet find a pearl cross, and a pearl locket ear-ring, a cornelian necklace, and other articles, Rivet has them; and Mr. Baillieu found some of his cloaths; I believe these things were found in her shoe, in a box.
Did she claim that box as her property?
She did; I can speak to them positively, when I see them.
Did you lock the jewel room?
Yes; I locked it when I went out, and found it locked when I came home; I had the key with me.
In consequence of an information, I went to apprehend the prisoner in Ivey-street, Dyot-street, St. Giles's, about three o'clock in the morning, on Sunday the 28th of February, she was in bed; in searching a box in the room, which was not locked, we found a shirt of Mr. Baillieu's, (producing it) and some jewellery articles, which Rivet has.
I am an officer of Bow-street; I went with Mr. Dingwall and Carpmeal to apprehend the prisoner, on Sunday the 28th of February, about three o'clock in the morning, in Ivey-street, Dyot-street, St. Giles's, up two pair of stains; we found the prisoner in bed with a man's shirt on; Mr. Dingwall being present, I asked him if that was his servant? and he said it was; I searched the box, and in the toe of a new shoe I found these articles, (producing them.) they were sealed up before the Magistrate, and they have been in my possession ever since; she dressed herself in man's cloaths when she got up.
This gold cornelian necklace, worth 2l. 8s. is my property, it was lost at that time; a gold neck-chain, worth 34s. that is mine; a pair of gold cornelian ear-rings, these are our's too, they are worth about two guineas; this pearl cross is mine, it was made in the house; all these articles are our's, they were all taken at the time the burglary was committed.
I am not prepared for trial, and must beg for three or four days more; I have the certificate of my marriage with Lee coming from Dublin.
