I live in Abchurch-lane ; I have an accompting-house behind the house, there is a gateway that goes into a court-yard; behind the court-yard is a pile of warehouses, and on one side is an office, where the note was lost from; it was a Bank of England note for 200l. it laid on a private shelf in the accompting house; the prisoner at the bar was a driver of a cart, employed by one of my servants: On the 28th of June, between the hours of one and two, I was in the yard, he came to me, and desired me to let him have his money; I told him to go into that office, and he went, and in the course of a minute or two, I was engaged in shewing goods to a merchant not three yards from the office-door, the man returned to me, and said, there is nobody in the office; I told him the clerk I suppose had stepped out, and I paid him his money; he stood some time at the door finding fault with the halfpence, and immediately afterwards we missed the note, but not till my book-keeper came in; he asked me if I had taken up the note; I told him I had not; we searched for the note in every part of the office; not finding it, we concluded it was stole; the next morning I went to enquire about this man, I asked him a few questions, and he answered me so innocent, and so simple, that I could not find in my heart to charge him with it; I took him three or four days after, when I found he had really stole it.
Has the note ever been found again?
Yes, at the Bank, four or five days after.
This gateway which comes into your premises is not closed by gates in the day time?
No.
It was open to any body that chose to come upon business?
Yes.
How long had your clerk left the accompting-house?
Ten or twelve minutes.
Did you observe the number of this note?
Yes; I have the number.
Did you know it before you lost it?
No; but we will prove the note.
Did you, before you missed it, know the number of this Bank-note?
No; we had it from Mr. Smith, in Broad-street.
Are you sure there was no person came in during that time besides?
Yes.
I am clerk to Mr. Wyllie.
How long had you been out?
From twelve to fifteen minutes; I missed the note immediately upon my return, I enquired of Mr. Wyllie whether he had taken the note and locked it up, as I had left it lying loose in the place, and he told me he had not; I concluded that somebody had stolen it, we continued searching about the accompting-house for the note; the next morning we had this carman taken up upon suspicion, and sent notice to the Bank of England to stop the note; he was discharged, and taken up again four or five days afterwards, I believe, on the 4th of July, in consequence of some information that we had received.
Even the second time before the Lord-Mayor, he was discharged again, was not he?
A. No; he was discharged once before the Lord-Mayor only.
Before an Alderman?
No; he was only interrogated by Mr. Wyllie.
I am a constable: On the 30th of June, I received some information, in consequence of which I went and apprehended the two men that I understood had the note; one was Edward Burton, and a man of the name of Spicer; I took him before the Lord-Mayor, and the Lord-Mayor thought fit to discharge him; I heard no more of it till the 4th of July, when a Mr. Palmer, from Mr. Wyllie's, came to me; in consequence of which, I took Burton again, and one Nathan Levy; I took them to the Compter; they were examined next morning before the Lord-Mayor, and Nathan was admitted a witness upon his own recognizance; I never saw the note at all.
I do not know any thing about the note; I never saw the note.
What brought you here?
I was bound over to come here; I know nothing about it.
What account did you give before the Lord-Mayor?
None at all; I told him I did not know any thing at all about any note.
On Wednesday, the 28th of June, I was going through Lime-street-square, Burton and Spicer followed me, and shewed me a note, and asked me what it was; I told him it was a two hundred pound note; I gave him the note again; I went about my business, and they went about their's; it was between half after one and two o'clock.
I am a linen-draper: On Friday, the 30th of June, a Jew came into our shop in Oxford-street, and said he wanted some goods, to go into the country with.
Was that Levy?
It is very much like him, but I cannot swear that it was him, he is so differently dressed; he bought different goods to the\\ amountof forty-one pounds twelve shillings.
Do you believe he is the man?
He is very much like him, he wrote his name upon the top of the bill, Maddox; he took out his pocketbook with a two hundred pound note and some small ones; I sent it to the Bank, and the young man came back with ten twenty pound notes, and I gave him fifteen pounds eight shillings and eight pence; my man that I sent with it, is not here; I put down the number of the note.
You never saw the man before?
No.
This is the note, it has my hand-writing upon it.
Look at Mr. Clarke, do you know him?
I do not.
Upon your oath, were you or not, at his shop, upon the 30th of June?
Upon my oath, I never was, for I never was possessed of a two hundred pound note in my life.
On the 29th of June, Mr. Wyllie sent for me to the accompting-house, in the Steel-yard; I asked him some questions, and he denied knowing any thing about what I asked him; I did not say any thing about the two hundred pound note.
Did you see any thing of the prisoner afterterwards?
Yes; before the Lord-Mayor.
Was the examination taken down in writing?
It was.
Was the Jew before the Lord Mayor?
He was.
Was his examination taken down in writing?
I believe it was.
I was there, there was no examination of the Jew at all; Mr. Knowlys, his counsel, advised him not to say any thing at all.
I live with Mr. Barnjum; I was going along Abchurch-lane, I do not know what day, I saw the prisoner at the bar, and he asked me to help him unload his cart, and I went with him to Mr. Wyllie's, and unloaded the cart, and he went into the accompting-house for his money, and when he came out again, he shewed me the note.
What sort of a note was it?
I cannot tell what it was, it was a Bank note, but I do not know what the value of it was; then we went along Lime-street, and shewed it to Mr. Webb, and he said it was a two hundred pound note, and then we went to Mr. Levy's house with it to get it changed; we went again next morning, and Levy said it was a twenty-five pound note, and he gave me one pound six shillings; and Edward Burton had one pound six shillings.
You have heard what he says, is that true?
No; it is not true; I never had any note at all.
Where were you at the time you say this man shewed you the note?
I was in Abchurch-lane.
Close by Mr. Wyllie's yard?
Almost.
Was the yard open for such wicked gentlemen as you to run into if you were so disposed?
It was open.
Could you have made your way in if you were so disposed?
I could have gone in.
If nobody had been in the accompting house, you could have taken it away too?
I suppose so.
You were before the Lord-Mayor, were not you?
Yes.
How many times?
Twice.
The first time you were there, you denied it shoutly, and said, you did not know any thing about it?
I said so the first time.
The first time, you understood, I believe, that if you did tell of any body else that was concerned in it, you would not be punished?
Yes.
And then you laid the blame upon this man?
I did not lay any other blame upon him than what he had done.
You first denied having any concern in it at all?
Yes.
The second time, you understood, you were to be saved, if you accused another person?
Yes, if I accused him right.
Then you laid the blame upon this man?
I did not lay any blame upon him.
You took a part of it?
Yes.
You took that to be a very honest thing, did not you?
No.
If you had been an honest man, do not you think it would have been your duty to have told Mr. Wyllie as soon as you knew of it?
Yes.
I want to know your own opinion of yourself, did not you look upon yourself then as bad as the thief at least?
I did not take it.
Did any body ask you any questions before the Lord Mayor?
I was asked if I knew the prisoner; I told my Lord, I did, by sight, but we had never any dealings together; my Lord Mayor asked me, if I had the note, and I told him I never had, if I had, I would voluntarily have come forwards.
Do you remember which of them had possession of the note?
Burton put the note into my hand.
Was Spicer the person that was with him?
Yes.
