I am a carpenter , I lost my money the 20th of June, a guinea and two sixpences; I met the girl the corner of Shepherd-street , she came up to me, and laid hold of me, and said, will you go along with me? I said, what for? says she, come along, and I went up with her a few steps, and she began talking with me, and while she was talking with me I felt her hand about my pocket, and presently she began da-ing, and ran off, and I ran after her, and asked her for the money that she had picked out of my pocket; she said she had nothing, and I laid hold of her, and she returned two sixpences back, and a farthing; (one of the sixpences I can swear to) and said that was all she had picked out of my pocket; there is a particular mark in one sixpence, here is a piece out of it, very remarkable.
Are you sure there was a piece out of one of the sixpences that you lost?
Yes.
And are you positive that that sixpence was your's?
Yes.
My sister's child was very ill, and I sat up with it, and staid till day-light, and coming down Oxford-road I met with these two young men; there were more young women along with me, and that young man catched hold of my hand, and asked me to drink with him, and I went down the stable yard, and he put sixpence into my hand? and I said, what is that for, and he said, you know what for, and then he put another sixpence into my hand, and began g-be very indecent with me, and I began to call the watch, and the watchman was coming, and he said, da-n the watch, I don't care for the watchman not a farthing; and I gave him back, two sixpences and a farthing, and he said, O, stop, you have got two guineas of mine. And I am sure it is a very indecent action, the constable of the night searched me start naked. The prosecutor says he was sober, and I am sure he could not be sober pulling the womens patticoats up all along the street.
I was present. Going by Shepherd-street I see the woman catch hold of the prosecutor, and he went down Shepherd's-street, a little way, and presently I see her come from him, and he hallooed out, and said, that woman has picked my pocket, and he ran after her, and took hold of her, and she gave him two sixpences, and said that was all she had; I had remarked the notch in one of them.
