I see you appear as the prosecutrix of the prisoner, for stealing two live tame geese. From what place were they taken?
From the hen house within the court yard, just by the side of the court yard of Brompton Park house, the farthest house in London. I was waked early in the morning, and told I had lost some geese; the watchman came a little before seven, and I was informed of it a little before eight; I was informed that the two watchmen were the men who had found the two geese on the man and secured him.
What time was this?
Thursday sevenight, a little before two o'clock in the morning, when the watchman took him. I know that there were nine geese in the field the day before, and I see them fed, nine on Wednesday, and six on Thursday.
How far is this field from the house?
There are two fields, and they are drove by a cow house, and then through two large gates, into the front yard, and from thence into the poultry yard. I only wish to mention that I did not wish to prosecute the man, and I wished justice Bond to let him go for a soldier.
Do you live with Henrietta Grosvenor?
Yes.
What do you know about these geese?
I drove them out of the field into the poultry yard the over night, Wednesday sevenight; I drove in nine, a little before nine in the evening.
Did you leave them in the poultry yard?
I did.
How many were there on Thursday morning?
Six. The first that I heard of it was the watchman came into the yard and told us we were robbed; I see him in the court yard.
What is the watchman's name?
I don't know his name.
What time of the morning was it?
Past seven o'clock.
Was the prisoner with the watchman?
No, I did not see him; I see none but the watchman and our own boy at the gate.
Is the watchman here?
Yes.
Do you know his name?
Yes; Moses.
Do you know his other name?
No, I do not. It was the boy that opened the gate, and counted the geese in the morning.
How old is he, twelve or fourteen years of age?
Older than that. I went down into the poultry yard after the watchman was gone; I missed three.
Should you know there geese again?
Yes.
Do you think you could venture to swear to them?
Yes.
Did you see them again in the course of that day?
Yes, I see them at the watch-house, three.
Did you know them to be lady Grosvenor's geese?
I know them to the best of my knowledge; I knew them ever since they were hatched, about three months; one is a darkish one, with a mark half round its neck, and two black feathers on its back; the other was a brown, not quite so dark as that there, a brown head, and much the same mark on its back; the other was all white all over.
Do you mean to say positively, or only to the best of your knowledge, that they were the three?
I have said to the best of my knowledge that they belong to lady Grosvenor. They were left in the watch house; two were alive; and one he killed; the live ones are brought here.
Which was killed?
The lightest of the speckled ones.
Knowlys. How is your court yard situated?
It is before the house, and the poultry yard is by the side of it.
How is it senced off?
It opens with two gates, it is senced all round with paling; the paling is a pretty good height, and there are laths over the paling.
Not so high as you are?
Yes, very near; I cannot justly say.
Therefore the geese may now and then get over?
It is two high for any geese to get over.
Did you ever see these geese fly
No.
Were their wings cut?
I believe not.
Therefore if they were inclined to sly from a good place, they had the liberty to do so. Now you say very fairly, that you cannot go beyond saying, that these may be lady Grosvenor's to the best of your knowledge, but you may be mistaken in them; that is the furthest you can go. What kind of gates are they secured by?
It is a gate wide enough to let a carriage go through; it is made of close paling the same as the court yard.
Perhaps they can creep under?
No, they cannot.
But fly over they may certainly.
You had never seen them fly, I understand?
No.
I am a watchman of Brompton-row. About half past one o'clock I see a man coming along the road, and I went out to him, and touched him on the shoulder, and he called me by my name.
Was this between Wednesday and Thursday?
Yes, it was.
Was the prisoner this man?
Yes; he had something on his back, what he had I don't know.
Was he near the house of lady Grosvenor?
He might be very near three quarters of a mile from the house.
Which way was he going?
Towards London, from the house. There were two more men coming after, and I let that man go on, and I searched them two men, and they had nothing, and I let them go forward; by that time the prisoner got from my beat, from my premises, and I went to the other watchman, Grant, and I told him I believed the man had got something on his back which he should not have. That is all I know about it till the next morning; I went the next morning to lady Grosvenor, about nine o'clock; I asked the maid if she had lost any geese? - I did not know any body that had any geese besides.
What did you do after you had heard something in that house?
I went to the watch-house, and the geese were there.
What time did you get to the watch-house?
I cannot say rightly because we went to justice Bond before that; it might be before twelve o'clock; I see three geese.
Did you see the prisoner?
Yes.
In custody?
Yes.
Are you sure that the man that you see in the watch-house detained, with the geese, was the same man that you see passing with something on his back?
To the best of my knowledge it is; I suspect that is the man.
That something that he carried on his back, was it in a sack, or how?
No, it was butioned in his coat, a common close bodied coat.
Did there seem a great deal under his coat?
No great tulk.
Do you think three geese could have been under his coat?
There might for what I know.
Knowlys. I observe that your's is a close bodied coat?
Yes.
Do you think you could button up two or three greese, independent of your own person?
I don't know, I never tried.
A close bodied coat could not contain three geese besides yourself?
No.
I am a watchman at Chelsea parish. I overtook the man, James Pullen , twenty minutes before two o'clock; I did not know him before.
Where did you overtake him?
In North-street; and when I came up to him I asked him what he had got there.
How far is North-street from Lady Grosvenor's?
I take it pretty near half a mile.
Was he in the road to town?
He was out of the right road to town; he was not going in a direction to her house; I asked him what he had got there? he said his own property; then I told him I must look at this property, and afterwards he laid the three geese down, one dead and two alive. They were in his coat, his coat was off; then I looked at him, and told him it was not a proper hour to have such things about him; then I told him he must go to the watch-house. Then I called my partner to assist me, to help take him to the watch-house. John Castle , I think his name is.
Did you take the geese to the watch-house?
Yes, they were all carried to the watch-house.
Knowlys. So you told him he must go to the watch-house?
Yes, and there he continued in custody.
Do you know Ann Gibson ?
Yes, she came down to the watch-house in the morning; the prisoner was gone down to justice Bond to he examined\" when she came down to feed the geese.
You did not see them there together?
No, I did not.
Did she feed the same geese as you carried down to the watch-house?
I cannot say, I was along with the prisoner, at justice Bond's.
I am a watchman; I was called to the assistance of Grant to take the aprisoner, and I went along with him about a hundred yards, and he laid down the geese and ran away.
Where did you go?
From the top of North-street to Sloan-street.
Was the prisoner there at that time?
Yes; that is the man.
What past when you came up?
Grant asked him what he had got there? and he laid down the geese; after that Grant took one, and I took the other live one, and the prisoner took the dead one to the watch-house.
Did you stay at the watch-house any time?
No vast while.
What time were they carried to the watch house?
About ten minutes past two when they were carried there.
Do you know Ann Gibson
Yes.
To Ann Gibson. What time did you see the geese at the watch-house?
I don't know hardly what time.
I went to see my wife that lived at Brompton, and I stopped at the White Hart public house. When I returned to town, in the road I see two men, and I was in a hurry running along, I saw these geese, I thought I see them fall from their backs, and I picked them up, thinking that morning to enquire out an owner for them.
