The prisoner was my servant ; I had frequently missed soap out of my warehouse, in consequence of which I marked a parcel; I employed a person to watch the prisoner, if he took any of it away; I know nothing of it myself.
I was at Mr. Watson's upon business, and he desired me to watch the prisoner; I saw him come out, and I saw Dadd, the receiver, go up the street; I saw him look in at Mr. Watson's window; he walked a little way up the street, and came back again, and when he came back again, the prisoner at the bar came out with something which I took to be soap; Dadd held up his apron, and he put it in; there was another person with me, and I said, let us lay hold of him; he said, no, let him alone a bit, and then the prisoner at the bar went in and brought out more; I opened the door directly, and took Dadd by the collar, and said, I insist upon seeing what you have got in your apron; I looked, and found it contained soap, and the other person took the prisoner; a constable was sent for, and they were then taken away.
When was this?
Near two years ago.
How came the prosecution to be postponed so long?
The prisoner got out of the Poultry Compter, and has not been taken till very lately.
This is two years ago, is it not?
I think it is nearly two years.
It happened in the dusk of the evening?
Yes.
In what street?
Mark lane.
Mark-lane is pretty wide across?
No, it is very narrow.
Will you swear that?
Yes; where this happened I could step across at two steps; it is about seven yards over.
What time was it?
About five o'clock, about this time of year, or a quarter before five.
Then I should think it must be pretty near dark?
I do not exactly say it was that time, but it was light enough for me to see them.
It was about this time of the Year?
I do not know what time of year it was.
Perhaps it was in June?
No, it was in December.
So at seven yards distance, you would have his Lordship and the Jury believe you could see what passed from one man's hand into another's apron?
Yes.
Do you mean to swear that it was soap that that was put in?
I found it to be soap when it was taken out, and it appeared to me to be soap when it was put in.
And your memory is as good now as it was at that time?
Yes, in that point.
Had you my conversation with the prisoner respecting it?
No.
I took it out of the receiver's apron; I have had it locked up ever since.
I believe this to be the soap that I marked, I put this plug into it.
Had you marked all you had in your shop?
No, I marked about fifty bars that were at the top of the pile.
When did you mark it?
The day before it was left.
Do you sell all the soap in your shop by yourself, or by the servants under you?
I mostly sell it myself.
Between the time that you marked the soap, and the time that you lost it, had you yourself sold any?
No.
Of course you would not undertake to swear that your servants had not?
I do not know that they had, I cannot say positively.
Then a you do not always sell yourself, but your servants sell at times, will you venture to swear that your servants might not have sold this soap, and so gone out among the public?
To my knowledge I did not.
