I am a weaver , I live in Duke-street, Spital-fields ; on Tuesday, the 30th of August I had some property of Mr. Bennett's the gauze-weaver, to manufacture; I went to dinner at one o'clock, and left the roll with the silk on it in the scale, on the lower floor, back-room; I returned from dinner about half after one; when I returned I missed this property, I sent my son William to give notice to the loom-brokers, as they were likely to have it offered for sale, I saw it again about half past seven, the the same evening, at my house, brought by Charles Crawley , Mr. Merrick's servant, that was the same I left in my shop at one; it is here.
Knowlys. You never saw the silk again, only the roll?
No.
Did not the prisoner come to your house?
He did, when I went in the evening, after the hand-roll was brought, I went to Mr. Merrick's.
Did Henry Britt come to your house on the alarm of this?
He did; he went to Mr. Merrick's, and next day came to our house, he said Mr. Merrick informed him there was a cane stolen from that hand-roll, and he bought it among some ribbon the day before, that Mr. Merrick had bought some ribbon looms, on the 29th.
I am journeyman to Mr. Merrick; between four and five, on Tuesday, the 30th of August, in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my master's house, and asked if my master was at home, and I told him no; and my mistress said no; he said, well never mind, here is the hand-roll as I bought in the lot yesterday, and he immediately threw it within the door; and he said, never mind, I shall see your master another time, and the next day he came to my master's house, I was not within hearing, he was talking to my master; I ran to Mr. Thompson and gave him notice, and the prisoner said, if I would shew him the house, he would go to clear himself.
Had the looms been paid for before he brought home the roll?
Yes, and some resold; my master is a loom-broker, the looms we bought were those of narrow weavers; we had nothing to do with this sort of rolls.
I am the loom-broker; I bought seven looms of the prisoner, on the 29th of August; I fetched them all home. I was not at home when the prisoner came on the 30th; there were no hand-rolls to the looms. I saw the prisoner on the 31st; he came across the way to me; I was dropping a piece of stuff; he came to me, and he said, says he, about that hand roll; about that hand-roll, says I, there has been a pretty piece of work; here has been the foreman of the warehouse, and says, he lost the hand-roll with the silk on; says I, you must go with me, or somebody belonging to me, to the gentleman, to indemnify me, as the property was found in my house. Charles Crawley came home; and I said, you may as well go with him to Mr. Thompson, and he went; I did not go. The prisoner said, he bought it in a lot of goods; he said no more. I bought my lot of goods the 29th; it was the day before I bought mine, so it could not be in my lot; it did not belong to my goods, it belonged to narrow weaving.
Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. There might be in some part of the lot this roll?
Yes.
You thought this man an honest man?
I know nothing to the contrary.
Crawley, sen. I lost it about half after twelve from the shop.
I am son of the prosecutor; I know this hand-roll; it was entrusted to my father with raw goods to manufacture; it is marked in my writing in ink B, 1 lb. 8 oz. that meant Bennet, and the 1 lb. 8 oz. is one pound eight ounces, the weight of the roll. I was sent to the loom-broker's, to give notice that it was lost, on the morning of the 30th of August. I am positive it could not be in any lot sold to Merrick on the 29th.
I leave it to my counsel.
I am a peruke-maker and hair-dresser; I have known the prisoner about three years; he is an honest man. On the 30th of August I went to his apartment in Webb-square, a front-room, one pair of stairs; I went to shave him, and in the middle of shaving him, a woman came into the room, and said, Mr. Britt, I have a few things to dispose of. Says he, good woman, let me see them. She had a sort of box on her arm, with a string upon it; she asked two shillings; and he said, I will speak to you when the barber has done; and I saw him give her silver and some half-pence; there was a sort of wooden thing that I have seen, some article in the weaving branch; it was like this, but I will not say it is the same. I do not know the name of the woman; I never saw her before or since.
I live in the same square with the prisoner; have known him about six years, and never heard any thing of him but a hard-working man; he purchased a little box last Tuesday was a fortnight of a woman; there were some stays and little harnesses, and a hand-roll; I heard her ask a couple of shillings, but whether he gave it I cannot say; it was such a thing as that, but I cannot say it was that.
Garrow. Was you a servant of his?
I live in the same house.
Not a servant?
Yes, a servant.
A sort of housekeeper?
Yes.
What, he is a single man, I warrant?
Yes.
Had he bought any thing of her before?
Yes, some looms.
Are you not called Mrs. Britt?
Not that I know of; but there are foolish people in the world.
Garrow to Mrs. Smith, one of the prisoner's witnesses. Did you say to Mr. Merrick, that if he dared to say any thing against Mr. Britt, (the prisoner) you would accuse him of coming by that hand-roll and those looms dishonestly?
Upon my soul, I never said any such thing in my life; upon my oath, I deny it; I never said any thing of the sort.
