I believe you are servant to Mr. Sudlowe?
Yes.
Did you live with him the 22d of last month?
Yes, I did, I was in the Laundry, at the top of the house, when the bell rung; hearing the bell ring I came down stairs; when I came down one pair of stairs, I looked down the stairs over the banisters (it is a wall stair case) and I see Mrs. Moore in the passage, and the prisoner going down stairs, I see her within five stairs of the passage, going down I said to Mrs. Moore, did you see a woman with a child going down stairs? she said, yes. I ran after her, I overtook her in Pudding-lane, I took hold of her arm, and asked her what business she had up one pair of stairs, No. 4, Monument-yard, at Mr. Sudlowe's.
What is the one pair of stairs?
The dining room. She said she went to enquire after one Mr. Williams, an attorney.
Is there any such person as Mr. Williams, at No. 4, or in any other part of the Monument-yard?
No, such person. She came back with me, and I left her in the care of Mrs. Moore, and went up stairs to the dining room.
From the time she was in the stair case to the time you took her, did you ever lose sight of her?
No.
Why did you go up to the dining room?
To see if any thing was missing, because I knew there was plate there. I missed three silver table spoons and two salt spoons.
How lately before had you seen them in that room?
quarter of an hour before.
You are quite sure of that?
I am.
In what condition did you find the salt cellars themselves, and the other furniture of the table?
I found that two of the salt cellars were emptied of their salt, and the salt laying at the dining room door, chucked out.
Having made these observations, what became of you?
I went down stairs immediately, and on going down I heard some spoons rattle, the noise of the silver spoons falling.
How near might you be to the prisoner at the time that these spoons fell?
I met her coming up the kitchen stairs; Mrs. Moore was sitting in the passage.
In consequence of hearing this a search was made?
Yes.
Were you present when they were found?
Yes; they were found at the bottle rack, three table spoons and two salt spoons, at the foot of the stairs.
Was that near the situation where the prisoner had placed herself?
Yes, it was; she went down stairs while I went up stairs.
I understand you to say, that as you went down the dining room stairs, you met her coming up the kitchen stairs?
Yes.
I believe it is the same in Mr. Sudlowe's house as it is in many other person's of business, that on any person's knocking they are let in by the clerk in the office, by a string that fastens to the lock; so then if they have business in the office they go into the office, if they have business in the house, they go into the house?
Yes, it is.
Is the office on the right hand or left hand side of the passage?
On the right hand side.
Can any person in the office see who comes into the passage?
They cannot.
May or may not a person, going into Mr. Sudlowe's, get admittance into the dining room without seeing any person in the house?
They may.
Knowlys. How many persons are there in the house besides yourself?
Only one, the Cooke and myself; we were both washing in the laundry.
Mr. Sudlowe's street door is kept shut?
It is.
Had you ever seen this woman in the house before?
Never, nor any where else.
You have no reason to suppose that she had ever been there before?
No.
You say it is necessary to knock at the door, and one of the clerks opens it?
Yes.
I believe she told you that she had been enquiring for a Mr. Williams at the house?
She made no enquiry.
The Cooke is not here?
She knew nothing of it; she was up in the laundress, and heard nothing of it, till it was all over.
You say you did not observe any person till there was a ring at the door, the induced you to look down, and there you see Mrs. Moore, the laundress?
Yes.
You held no conversation at all with the prisoner in the house?
None.
You followed her, and she came back with you immediately?
Yes.
She told you she had been enquiring for a Mr. Williams, an attorney?
She did.
There are a great many Mr. Williams about town, you know, It had been a quarter of an hour before since you had seen these things, and therefore who had been there you cannot tell?
Vaughan. Whose name is on the door?
Mr. Sudlowe's.
What time was this in the day?
About one o'clock.
I would ask you how long this whole transaction might have taken up?
About half an hour.
How was the plate?
On the side board.
Was there any plate remaining besides what was stole
Yes.
I believe you were at the house of Mr. Sudlowe's, on the 22d of June?
I was.
About what time of the day was it?
About one o'clock. I take in clear starching; I see the prisoner at the box there; I see her come down stairs out of the dining room. When I came first to the house, I went to the kitchen stairs and called out for Etty, the maid; the street door was open; I called out Etty; nobody answered; the servant not answering the call, I went to the street door and rang the house bell.
You did not go up stairs?
No, I did not.
Now, how soon after you had rang the bell, did you observe the prisoner at the bar?
Momentarily; as soon as it was possible to come down stairs.
Did you ring the bell for the purpose of seeing the servant, as she did not answer to your call?
I did.
As soon as you rung, you almost see the prisoner at the bar. From whence did she proceed?
Apparently from the dining room; I could not see the door.
Did she come down the stairs leading from the dining room?
She did.
Had she any conversation with you as she passed?
None.
How soon after she passed down the stairs, did you see the last witness?
Before the prisoner at the bar had got down the last stairs Etty was in sight, and she asked me whether I see the person going down with the child in her arms? I told her yes; and she ran after the prisoner, without giving me an answer.
Did she bring her back?
Yes; she desired me to take care of her, while she went up stairs to see what was gone off the side board.
Am I to understand you, that she did go up stairs, and left the woman in your charge?
She did.
What became of you and the prisoner?
I staid in the passage, and the prisoner ran down some of the stairs; I said to her, you are a very bad woman, you have no business down Mr. Sudlowe's stairs; she said the maid had desired her to go down.
Had you heard the maid desire her to go down?
No; so far from it, she desired me to take care of her, that she did not go down. When she got down stairs, I heard the falling down heavy of some silver spoons.
How soon was this after shie got down to the bottom of the stairs?
Momentarily, in a minute.
Be so good to tell us whether in consequence of the noise you heard, any search was made?
Not till the constable came.
How soon did the constable come?
Very soon; as soon as it was possible, in five minutes.
Were you present when the search was made?
No, I never moved out of the passage.
You did not see the spoons found?
I did not.
Knowlys. The precise part of the house she came out, you don't know?
I do not; I only see her come down stairs.
When she was brought back she came readily with the last witness?
She did.
She went down into the kitchen. I don't know whether the inside of the kitchen is within your fight?
No, it is not.
She went into the kitchen?
No, she did not; she slung them down at the bottom of the stairs. It was all done in five minutes.
You know we can do a great many jobs in five minutes; a lady may do a job by running down into the kitchen, that she would not exercise in the open street. You was not present at the search?
I was not.
Vaughan. I think you said there was nobody down stairs but the prisoner?
No, there was nobody there.
You could not see the bottom of the stairs?
No, but I called and nobody answered.
I believe you are a constable?
I am.
Were you sent for to Mr. Sudlowe's, on the 22d of June last?
Yes, between two and three o'clock. They gave me charge of the woman at the bar; I asked what charge I was to take? and they said they thought she had robbed them; I said, have you searched her? they said, no; and the maid said, you have no occasion to search, for I heard her drop the place.
Did you go below?
I did, with a candle.
Did you exercise your eye sight on the place? Was it dark or light?
Dark; and just facing the bottoms, rather beyond it, under a bottle rack, I picked up these spoons; (produced) I have had them in my possession ever since.
Knowlys. You did not search her at all?
I did not.
She had a child with her at that time?
She had.
How were they put under the bottle rack?
At the bottom of the rack there is a vacancy, and they appeared put under it for the purpose.
They are Mr. Sudlowe's.
Are you sure these were the spoons that you missed?
Yes.
I have it to my counsel. I went to a house in the Church yard, which I thought was Mr. William's, I knocked at the parlour door; nobody answered. Mrs. Moore came in, and the servant came down stairs, and came after me, and she asked we what I wanted? I told her I had been to ask for one Mr. Williams; she said come back with me. I went with her; she went up stairs, I stopped while she went, and stopped with Mrs. Moore; she says I went down the kitchen stairs; but I did not, I stopped all the time by her.
