On Friday morning, the 8th of June, I lost a copper, I might have seen it two or three days before, it was set in brick and mortar, as coppers are generally set; it was not missed till six or seven o'clock in the morning; I had been up the night before as I usually am, reading or writing, till one o'clock in the morning. I found one half of the circle of the brick-work knocked down upon the floor.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street: On the 8th of last month, between nine and ten at night, I was going upon duty down the Uxbridge-road, and under the wall, going to Bayswater, I saw the prisoner with a sack on his head, which contained this copper (producing it) I asked him how he came by it, and he said he found it. I took him to the watch-house, and finding that Mr. Shepherd had lost a copper, I desired him to come down to the office.
Is there any road from your house to Bayswater?
Yes, the commonest road in the world, infested by thieves every evening.
Look at that copper?
This copper very much resembles mine, I cannot be physically certain, but I believe it to be mine; I sent for a builder, who measured the diameter of the copper and the diameter of the circle, and they corresponded, it was formerly a brewing copper, but has been lately used as a washing copper; the bottom of it was convex instead of concave, but I cannot say whether the convexity of this copper may not have been occasioned by the bruises it has received; there is also an incrustation round the bottom, occasioned by a sediment left from the washing; there was a sheet of lead at the upper part, which went down on the inside an inch, or rather more, and either the cement or the lead had left a little whiteness on the copper, and there is something of that kind upon it now; but that white mark appeared stronger than any white mark that I perceive here.
I am servant to Mr. Shepherd, I have lived with him some years. I described the copper at Bow-street, that I should know it by the rising in the middle, and some dirt round the bottom.
Do you remember to have seen that dirt after the last time of using it?
Yes; it was occasioned by the last time of using it.
Look at that copper?
I see the same marks very plain.
Is the appearance so singular as to enable you to swear to it?
Yes; and there is a white mark round the top, by which I know it to be my master's.
I am servant to Mr Shepherd: I have very frequently cleaned the copper, and I know it by the rising in the middle; I have not the least doubt but this is Mr. Shepherd's copper.
I know this copper to be Mr. Shepherd's, I used to clean it; I know it by this white at the top; I have no doubt of it's being Mr. Shepherd's copper.
I searched the prisoner, I found nothing on him but a knife; he said he had found the copper in a ditch. He had no money about him.
I went to see for a job of work at Mr. Adams's, at Parto- Bello Farm , and coming home, I found this copper in a sack in the ditch, I was going to take it to the Spotted Dog, a house that I use, till it was advertised.
How far from Mr. Shepherd's house was it that you took the prisoner?
About half a mile. There is a path from Mr. Shepherd's house to Bayswater.
Do you know whereabouts Porto- Bello Farm is?
Yes, it is near Kensington-gate; it lies between that road and the Harrow on the Hill road.
