I live in White's alley, Coleman-street ; I take in washing, I am a widow woman, I have one child. I am a housekeeper, I carry on the business of a washerwoman , and let out lodgings; last Thursday evening the 5th of December, about four o'clock, I went up two pair of stairs to take down some clothes, the room was then empty, the lodgers had been out of it about three weeks; I took down what was then dry, and put up others wet, and came down into the kitchen, the door was on the latch, I had no lodgers at home at that time, I came down with these things at four o'clock; about five o'clock a young woman that was with me, Mary Standing went out of doors to the passage, to rub the flat iron on a mat, and seeing a woman come down stairs alarmed her, not knowing such a person, she said good God, what are you doing here, what do you want, the street door was then on the latch shut, she ran into me to the kitchen, I snatched a candle off from the kitchen table, and ran into the passage as quick as I could, she did not make any kind of answer, she then was on the second step of the stairs coming down, trying to conceal herself in the corner of the stairs, I catched hold of her on the stairs, and she opened her cloak, and said I have got nothing; she did not seem intimidated, I pulled her down the stairs and sent for a constable, and I see her drop these things the officer took.
Can you tell what time of the night it was?
It was about five minutes after five.
Do you think the clock had struck five?
Yes, quite five.
Was it so dark you could not see any body in the street?
If she had got out of door I should not have known her.
How many lodgers have you in the house?
Two at present, but none of them were at home. I never heard the street door latch open, nor any person go up stairs; I had no idea of it.
It might be open and you not know it?
Yes, she must open it, and shut it likewise; there were two lodgers, the one on the first floor, and the other on the three pair of stairs.
Who has the parlour?
There is no parlour. I have the ground floor, and the two pair of stairs was empty, the one pair of stairs to one lodger, and the three pair of stairs to another.
What things were taken out of the room?
One shift, one bed gown, three coloured aprons, three pair of cotton stockings, one window curtain, one white apron, three towels and a pillow case. They were all hanging up in the two pair of stairs room.
Which way do you suppose the person got into your house?
There is no other way but at the door.
Where were the things found?
I saw her drop them on the stairs, she had them behind her, she had them not in her hands, as I took her down she dropped all the things on the stairs.
How long was it before the constable came?
About five minutes. I took her down into the kitchen, and the things dropped from her on the stairs, and I let the things be on the stairs till the constable came; I pulled her into the kitchen, because the street door will not open while any one is on the stairs.
Did you know any thing of this woman?
No.
I had nothing about me at all.
I was at Mr. Linney's at work there, I was ironing, and I went out to rub an iron in the entry, and I saw her coming down the stairs, on the last stairs, and I directly called out, and the street door was shut, I did not see her with the things nor see the things fall.
I am the patrole of Coleman street, Mrs. Linney sent a boy down Coleman-street, and he met me, and I went to the house, and when I came she was in the hands of the officer, Mr. Wickham.
I am an officer of Coleman-street; I was sent for by a young boy that came after me, that said Mrs. Linney was robbed, and I was wanted to come and take care of the thief. I went and I saw the prisoner, and the things on the stairs higley pigley; I did not know the prisoner, only they say in our neighbourhood that she had lived there two or three years before; these are the things, they have been in my custody ever since.
They are my things.
I cannot say any thing at all about it; they never saw me take them, I have no friends.
