I am a livery-stablekeeper , in Little Moorfields ; the prisoner was a labourer in the stables; I missed a saddle and bridle about the 19th of November, it was either Monday or Tuesday that it was represented to me that it was missing.
Have you seen it since?
Yes, at the Police-office, Worship-street; that, I think, was on the 27th, it was on a Tuesday; I believe it to be mine, but I cannot swear to it; I have a servant here who has had the care of it, and I believe, can swear to it.
The prisoner, I believe, has lived with you some time?
Yes.
He has a wife and family?
Yes.
And has maintained a good character?
I never had any suspicion of him till this happened.
I am ostler to Mr. White; I missed this saddle about the 19th of November, and the bridle likewise; I made enquiry after it, but could hear nothing of it till last Tuesday was a week, when I saw it at Worship-street.
Mr. White lets out horses?
Yes.
Does he not let out saddles and bridles with them?
Yes, but not that.
How lately before had you seen it?
I had missed it about two days; I had the looking over the saddles and bridles.
And have not other persons been employed by Mr. White to look after them?
Yes, when I was absent.
You will not undertake to swear that your master or fellow-servants did not let out that saddle and bridle in the course of those two days?
He might possibly.
How many saddles and bridles have you under your care?
About six.
Do you know them all?
Yes, and this in particular, I can swear to this saddle and bridle.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street, (produces a saddle and bridle) On Friday, the 3d of November, about eleven o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner knocking at the door of a sadler's, in Worship-street; there was nobody answered from the house; I asked the prisoner who he wanted; he said, Mr. Watson; I told him I would shew him Mr. Watson if he would go with me to a public-house; he said, no; then says I, I will see what you have in your bag; he said, it was a saddle he wanted to get stuffed; I took it to the office, and found it was a saddle and bridle; I asked him where he lived, and he told me; I went, and found it was true.
This was a place, natural enough, to take a saddle to that wanted mending?
Yes.
He made no scruple of telling you where he lived?
No.
This is the saddle that I missed, I know it by frequently riding upon it, five or six times a day; I have had it under my care a long time, it is very rough; and the bridle has got a cut about the middle of the rein, which one of my fellow-servants did, in whetting his razor when it was new.
Did you never see another bridle with a cut in it in your life?
Yes.
The saddle you say is rough, was that roughness from wear?
No; that would make it smoother.
Did you ever see so rough a one before?
Yes.
Then there is nothing wonderful in that?
No.
I believe it is my saddle, but I cannot swear to it.
Does that saddle want repairing?
No.
Be so good as look at the stuffing; does not it want stuffing?
No, it does not; and I had given him no orders to get it stuffed.
It has happened, perhaps, where a man has a friend, a sadler, that he can get it done a little cheaper, it is a common thing for them to take it to their own friend?
I do not know any such thing.
Had you given him any orders to get this done?
No.
I intended to repair the saddle myself, for fear of anger from my master, and pay for it myself out of my own pocket.
