I lost a bull calf between the 19th and 20th of June, at my premises at Stamford , out of a field adjoining; I was informed of it in the morning.
Knowlys. I believe this man is a butcher at Newington?
Yes, he is.
I believe he was taken before a magistrate near you at Tortenham, and the magistrate discharged him?
He did, but that was before all the circumstances were known, after that examination I discovered that he had sold a calf.
Is he a master butcher or journeyman?
He is not a journeyman to any body.
I am Mr. Stonnard's milkman; I went to milking last Saturday fortnight, in the morning, about half after six o'clock; when I came I lost the calf, directly I followed it by the track of the feet, over the hedge into another gentleman's field, I followed that same track over the fields, till I got to the high road, opposite the Weaver's Arms, they there heaved it over pales into a ditch.
Where is the Weaver's Arms?
At the end of Newington. I see that by the track, and the hair on the pales. From there I followed it the same road a hundred yards, till I got to a little alley, and then out of the road up that alley, to the back side of John Butcher's, the prisoner's door
What sort of a house was the prisoner's?
little pudling room, the shop is next to the road, not adjoining to the house.
Where did you track it?
To the door where he lived.
How far is his shop from this place where he lives?
Ten or a dozen yards. Directly I could track it no further, I went home and told my master, and he ordered me to get a search warrant, to search and see.
In what parish is it in?
Hackney. We searched the house, and found the side of a calf in the house, and the entrails of a calf.
Did you take your search warrant to this house the same morning as the calf was missing?
Yes.
What time of the day was it in the morning that you first tracked the calf?
About seven o'clock.
About what time was it that you arrived with the search warrant?
Between eleven and twelve.
Can you judge whether that calf was fresh killed that you see in his premises?
I examined it, and it seemed to be killed for two or three days; the entrails were green, and the side of the calf too.
Did you ever see any calf afterward that you believed to be your master's calf?
No,
And you are perfectly sure of this track all the way?
Yes.
Was it wet or dry weather?
Wet weather, there had been a great deal of wet two or three days.
Knowlys. Could you observe whether it was the track of one calf, or more beast than one?
Only one, and the track of two men.
Were the mens feet of different sizes, that you could say it was the track of two men?
One foot was larger than the other.
Did you lose this track?
Not all the way till I got to his door.
Do you think that you can swear that the calf was carried to his door from this track?
Very safely.
So you tracked it along the field?
Yes.
That there is no great deal of difficulty in going?
No.
But you never came into the turnpike-road?
Yes, after I had tracked it out of the field.
Perhaps you never see any body travel that turnpike road?
Yes, several times.
This was the day after the market day to London?
I don't know for that.
What day was it?
A fortnight ago last Saturday
Then there must be a number of cattle pass that road?
Yes.
So you swear that on a turnpike road you could trace the trace of one single calf; do you think we shall be such calves as to believe you?
All the cattle from the north come along that road? - I believe they do; I tracked that track, and no other track.
You tracked it half a mile?
Yes, I did, from the field into the road, about a hundred yards along the road.
You talk of an alley before you could get to the prisoner's house, is not the the way in which all the calves and sheep must go along to the common?
That alley that goes up to his house comes into the high road again.
That alley leads on to the common or green?
There is a passage that way, but I could not track it on that common.
Did you go to the common?
To be sure I went on the common to search all the way, to see whether I could see it there.
Then you doubted whether it was at master Butcher's?
I cannot tell where it was.
And so this man was a butcher and he had another calf killed publickly in the shop?
Yes.
Did you wonder that a calf should come to a butcher's door?
I thought it could not have come there without being brought.
I am horse-keeper to Mr. Newton, at Stoke Newington; last Wednesday fortnight I bought a head and heart of this prisoner.
Where does the prisoner live?
In Hackney parish.
You bought this head and heart the Wednesday before this happened?
Yes, it was.
Knowlys. This man's character is just as good as any other man in the neighbourhood?
Yes, for what I know.
The man brought a calf up to my house the Wednesday before this was stole, up at my house.
Did you see him carry a calf home between the 19th and 20th?
I cannot say any such things.
Knowlys. I believe this man has borne as good a character as any man in the neighbourhood?
I never heard any thing before this affair happened; I believe he bought a calf out of condition, that died in a sit, and that has been the occasion of all this.
