I am a lodger in Eagle-street; I have made shift to get enough to live without business. I had a gelding stole from me, it was kept at one Mr. Rutham's yard, in Eagle-street ; I missed it the 6th of April last, on a Saturday, when I came home. About nine o'clock at night I generally go to look at the horse, and then I found it gone, I made an enquiry and I found it at one Mr. Bishop's stables the Tuesday following; Mr. Bishop's stables is in St. Giles's; it was a sprightly looking gelding, with two white heels, I believe the bridle and saddle was gone; it was brown, I had it about a fortnight before I lost it as near as I can guess.
Can you swear that the gelding you saw in Bishop's stable was your gelding?
Yes, I have no doubt about it.
Did you find your bridle and saddle there too?
No, I had that sent home about a fortnight or three weeks after, by a woman; when I found the horse in Mr. Bishop's stable I told him to take care of it, and not to part with it; it was my horse, I had lost it, and I went and got an officer to demand it, to take my property, I went to Bow-street and acquainted them that Mr. Bishop had my horse that was lost, and the gentlemen there summoned him and heard the story, and when I told the story one of them ordered him to give me my horse again, and I had my horse again.
So you lost this horse?
Lost which horse?
This horse of your's?
Yes.
Will you swear to your knowledge that you lost this horse?
I will swear it was taken out of my stable unbeknown to me.
Mr. Short Hand Writer be so good as to take that down.
Will you swear positively and allow that gentleman to take it down that you lost that horse unknown to you out of your stable?
Yes.
How lately before the 6th of April had you seen your horse?
I saw it that morning.
How came you to tell my lord just now that you had seen it at home a fortnight before?
I did not say that I believe, I had seen it that very day before I lost it.
You was in Smithfield market the 4th of April I believe?
No, this happened on Saturday that I lost my horse.
Was you not in Smithfield market the day before?
I believe I was.
On your oath don't you know you was?
Yes, I believe I was.
You never saw that man the prisoner at the bar before in your life?
Yes, many times.
Where?
In Smithfield, I was very near Smithfield market and I believe I did see him there.
Did not he go with you to Smithfield market for the purpose of disposing of that horse?
I don't think he did.
Don't you know that you went together to Smithfield for the purpose of disposing of this horse?
No, not together, I saw him in Smithfield.
Upon your oath did not you go together?
No, I believe not.
Did not you drink together at your own house before you went to market?
I really cannot say.
But you shall say. Did not that man come to your own house on Friday and drink with you and set off with you for Smithfield to dispose of this horse?
I don't know but he might.
On your oath was it not on your own application that he came there to drink with you and go with you to Smithfield?
No, I believe the horse was lame and I met him at Smithfield.
On your oath did not he meet you that morning by your own appointment at your own house, and go to Smithfield with you to dispose of that horse?
What on Friday?
I ask you on the morning of that Friday?
I say I believe he did.
How came you to tell us that you only met him in Smithfield market?
I say so now.
Which of them is true?
I have forgot, I have been very ill, I have had a very sad fit.
Then he did meet you by your own appointment?
I forget.
On your oath did he or did he not meet you at your own house?
I really cannot tell.
Is it true that you met him in Smithfield market?
I think that is true.
Upon your oath is it true that you met him by appointment to go to your own house with you?
I cannot say, I might say something to him about it, I think to the best of my remembrance I light of him by the doctor's.
Will you swear you did not make the appointment with him to meet you at your own house?
I cannot swear to that.
Who saddled the horse?
Where?
Saddled the horse to go to Smithfield?
Myself I believe.
Who took your mare out to go with this horse to Smithfield?
My mare?
You rode them both I suppose?
Upon my word I don't recollect.
Upon your oath did not this man ride the horse, and you rode the mare?
He did get up on it just by porters block at one end of Smithfield, towards Islington.
How did you get the mare and horse to Smithfield?
I rode one and led the other.
Will you swear that the prisoner did not ride either the mare or horse to Smithfield?
I cannot swear about it, I have forgot what was done on Friday.
Perhaps you have forgot that you gave this man authority to sell the horse for you?
On Friday he said he could get a customer for it.
He knew your intention to sell it?
He knew I came there to sell it.
On Friday he told you he believed he could get a customer to sell it. He deals in horses, I believe?
I have been told so.
Upon your oath don't you know so?
Because he never dealt with me.
Don't you know that he is a horse-dealer?
He may be a horse-stealer.
So may you, for which you have suffered the law perhaps?
If I have I cannot help it; I have heard that he is a horse-dealer.
Did not you hear that he was a horse-dealer when you went to Smithfield market?
I believe him to be like myself, a person that now and then bought a horse, and now and then sold a horse.
Did not you talk to him as a dealer in horses?
I do not recollect.
Upon your oath, on that Friday, did not you speak to him, and act with him as a dealer in horses?
I don't know.
When he told you that he believed he could get a customer for this horse, did not you desire him to get one for it if he could?
I don't recollect.
Then for ought you know you might have desired him to get a customer for this horse?
I recollect very little about Friday.
Will you take on yourself to swear that you did not give him authority to sell it?
I know I lost it against my desire.
Upon your oath did not you give him authority to sell it?
I have forgot it entirely whether I did or not I have forgot all that past on Friday.
Did not you go with this man to the public house in St. John street where this horse was put up?
I did.
Did not you meet him there?
No, I met him at porter's block, we were there together.
Did not this man pay for the horse's keep there?
No, I paid for it.
Pray who took him home?
I took it home; I believe I rode one and led the other.
Will you swear man that he did not ride the horse?
I will not swear that.
For ought you know then he might do it?
I do not say so, I do not recollect.
Will you swear that this was not so?
It might pass, and I not recollect it, I don't know any thing about Friday.
No, no, you don't know any thing about Friday which is a material point; I should like to be acquainted with you, who are you, you say you live in lodgings now?
Yes.
Pray how lately did you learn at your lodgings that this man had been at your house to pay five guineas which he said had been the produce of the horse?
I don't know any thing of it,
Have you never heard that that man had sent his wife with five guineas, as the price of that horse?
No.
Upon your oath have you never heard at your own house that that man's wife came with five guineas, as the price of the horse, a day or two after the 6th of April?
I don't remember any thing of the kind.
Did not you see the prisoner's wife and did not she tell you she brought five guineas as the price of that horse that was sold?
The horse cost me eight guineas and a shilling.
But it might have been sold for five guineas?
I don't know any thing about it.
Upon your oath did not you see the man's wife?
I did not see her.
Will you swear that positively?
I believe I could venture to say it, because I don't recollect it.
Do you swear positively that you did not see that man's wife who brought you five guineas, and told you there was the price or part of the price of the horse?
No such thing.
Will you swear that positively?
I will, there was never any such thing as money offered me.
Did not the wife tell you that she brought five guineas as the price, or part of the price of the horse?
I will swear that, that I don't know any thing about it.
Will you swear that it never passed between the prisoner's wife and you?
I don't know; I am pretty sure I never heard it, I don't recollect it.
Why it is a very material circumstance?
I can safely swear that I did not see the man's wife the next day.
Are you sure you did not hear it the day after?
I am not sure, you ask me so many questions.
Are you sure that you was not sent to gaol for rescuing a couple of thieves?
I recollect that, that was an accident, it was not for rescuing them, I never did rescue them.
The jury are very unjust sometimes?
The jury I believe are very right.
You then kept the Eagle in Eagle street?
I did.
How came you to leave it?
Because I had money enough to live without.
Was that the cause of your leaving that public house, because you had money enough to live without; on your oath was not your licence taken away?
I believe you are very right, the licence was taken away.
Some people said there was a man lost his life there?
I believe he did.
How did he die?
I forget, it is a good while ago.
Did not he die by a chuck under the ribs with a knife, or something of that sort?
I was not there when it was done.
You are acquainted with a man of the name of Richardson?
Yes, I remember such a man, I am very ill, I cannot answer any more.
How many times have you been taken up for receiving stolen goods?
Never in my life.
How many times accused of it?
Never in my life.
You will then not swear that he did not take this by your order to dispose of it on Friday?
No, I will not.
Then he might take it by your order on Friday and dispose of it?
It was not disposed of.
Yes, it was disposed of to Mr. Bishop?
That was on Saturday night; I have forgot whether I gave him leave to sell it on Friday or no.
Did you give him leave on Saturday?
No, I did not.
How long have you known the prisoner at the bar?
Six or seven months.
Have you been intimately acquainted with him from that time?
I have seen him at Smithfield three or four times; he durst not go into Smithfield, he was obliged to stand outside of the bar.
On your oath was not the horse taken from the stable in your presence on Saturday?
I will swear that it was taken out of my stable unbeknown to me.
Where was you?
I believe I was down at Islington. It was lost as near as I can guess, between four in the afternoon and nine at night.
How much money was you offered for this horse in Smithfield?
I never saw any body that wanted to buy it.
Did not you tell this man that if he could sell it for five guineas you should be content?
I never told him so. I bought it at Hopkins's.
Not on Friday?
No.
You bought it at Hopkins's as a good horse?
I gave eight guineas and a shilling, it was lame when I bought it; I believe the prisoner was there when I did buy it.
Did the prisoner pass his judgment on it for you at the sale?
No, I bought it on my own judgement. There was a great many hundred people there at the sale.
