What is your husband's name?
Joseph.
When were you robbed?
About seven months ago.
Do you remember what month it was?
No, I don't know rightly what month it was.
Were you lodgers or housekeepers?
Housekeepers.
In what manner were you robbed?
gown was taken out of my servant's room.
Was it a cotton gown?
Yes.
Was the prisoner a servant at the time?
No, she lodged in the house, the second floor.
Whose gown was it?
My gown; I don't know that she took it; I see it on a gentlewoman that is here, six months after it was stole, Martha Clay .
Did you know it to be your's?
Yes. The constable took it after I found it.
Where do you live?
Earl-street, Blackstairs.
My husband is a hair-dresser. I bought the gown at No. 10, in Field-lane, of Mrs. Lee, she is here; I bought it three weeks before the prisoner was taken, between six and seven months after it was missing.
Should you know it if you was to see it?
Yes.
I am servant to Mrs. Lee, she keeps a clothes shop, in Field-lane; the prisoner at the bar brought the gown about seven months ago, to sell to my mistress; No. 10, Field-lane.
Had you ever seen the prisoner at the shop before?
Yes.
You are sure as to her person?
I am positive.
Was it a cotton gown?
Yes, my mistress bought it.
Were you present all the time?
Yes.
What did she give for it?
Four shillings and sixpence, she gave sixpence more than she would have done, because the prisoner said it was to a person that was in distress.
Did any body come after this gown?
No, not till six months after, when we happened to sell it to this good woman, Martha Clay ; about five weeks ago, last Saturday.
Should you know the gown again if you was to see it?
Yes.
What do you produce?
gown.
Is it cotton?
I believe it is; I took it off this good woman's back,(Martha Clay) when I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; I have had it ever since.
This is the gown.
The gown you bought of the prisoner?
Yes.
To Clay. Is that the gown you bought of Mrs. Lee?
Yes.
To Prosecutrix. Is it your's?
It is, here is my own work.
You missed it before it was produced to you?
Yes, six months before I saw it again; the servant was ill, and the door of the room was left open, and I supposed that somebody went in and took it.
Did you charge any body with stealing this before me?
No, I never have.
Did you suspect any body?
No.
Court to Prosecutrix. How long did the prisoner stay in your house after it was missing?
Three or four months.
Did you ever tell her the gown was missing?
No, I never suspected her, I looked round the house, and spoke to the servant.
Was she a married or single woman?
Married, her husband is a farrier; she has two children.
I lodged two years and better at the house, and I am sure I never wronged them of a penny; I have two small children, and it is my first ofsence.
