I am an officer, attending the public office, East Smithfield. On Thursday, the 4th of last month, I received information against a barber's shop, in Little Drury-lane , upon this business, to which I went at a quarter after two in that day; I went into the shop, where were two men by the fire; I proceeded up stairs; I left one on the first floor, who went with me; I proceeded up the other pair of stairs; I got to the top, and met the prisoner on the top of the second story; I laid hold of him: we had a scuffle, and he got from me down stairs.
Was he in the room, or on the landing place?
On the landing place.
Had you told him who you was?
No, nor do I believe that he knew me. I called out to the next witness to lay hold of him, whose name is Benjamin Abrahams ; he was on the top of the first story, and Abrahams' brother, Joseph Abrahams , was behind him, standing on the same stairs; he accordingly stopped the prisoner, and brought him up stairs; when I got him into the room, I searched him in the room, at the top of the stairs; in his left hand breeches pocket I took this money out; (produced) this money was found in his left hand waistcoat pocket (produced) ; in his right hand waistcoat pocket I found a sixpence; then I proceeded to search the room, and in this bason, which was on the shelf, close by the window, this money was in it; there is a liquid in it, and the money was in it; part of this liquid is in a bottle: these two half crowns lay on the shelf, close to the bason; here is a bottle, likewise found on the shelf; here is some sand, which was in a bason, and a bit of scowering paper, and something, which I know not what it is, which I found in the room, and some white powder, in a paper.
Had you made any observations about this man yourself?
The first thing, when I laid hold of him, I looked at his right hand, and his thumb and finger was black and sandy: while we were in the room the wife of the prisoner came up, and said, my dear, you have been cautioned against Jews, this is the second time a Jew hath deceived you.
There are rooms above this second floor?
I believe there is a garret.
Did you search that?
I did not.
And you did not see this man come out of the room on the second floor?
He was on the landing place.
Did you call at the house any other time?
Yes, by the desire of the gentlemen who are better acquainted with the business than I am, to see if there was any aquafortis on the floor.
Who was with you?
Benjamin Abrahams , and his brother, Joseph Abrahams , they call him Bear.
He is not here?
No.
Did he assist you in apprehending this man?
He did.
Was the door open, of the room you went into?
Yes, it was.
Whether the prisoner had been in that room you yourself do not know?
I cannot say positively.
I went, in company with Mayne, to this house in Drury-lane, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, on the 4th of February; I went up stairs, Mr. Mayne went before me; and stood on one pair of stairs: there were some women on one pair of stairs, and they asked me what I wanted; within a minute I heard a rustling, and down comes the prisoner at the bar, and Mr. Mayne followed him, and said, do not let him go, bring him up again; on which I told him, you must not go down, you must go up with me; and on going up he made a kind of a bit of a stoop on the stairs; I thought I saw him put something on the stairs; halloo, says I, what have you got here on the stairs; I looked on the stairs, and found three half crowns and a shilling (produced) ; I then brought him up into the room, where Mr. Mayne was, and we looked about the room, where I saw Mr. Mayne find some things.
I understand there was some other person went with you and Mayne to this house?
There was another officer, belonging to the same office.
Is he here?
No.
What business are you?
A shoemaker.
Do you follow that business?
Yes; I am an headborough belonging to the parish I live in.
Did you go to this house after the prisoner was in custody?
Yes, I did; I and Mr. Mayne; and there was no man when I went the second time, except a man in the shop.
I believe you went to no other part of the house, the first time, but in the two pair of stairs?
I never went any where else; I was not in the garret.
How long have you known Mayne?
Some time.
The bottle had had aqua fortis, and in the bason water, and if any metal is put into the aqua fortis, they then throw it into this water, and the strength of this aqua fortis makes this water all a pickle; I have tasted it, and this is so; by this sort of stuff being put into the aqua fortis, it draws the silver on the surface, and the strength of the aqua fortis turns them black, as some are here, then by being rubbed by sand and water, the black comes off and leaves the white.
Among the money produced, is there any fit for circulation?
Here are two half crowns which have been fit, but not being kept properly, are tarnished, but by rubbing them, they will be as good as ever in a moment; and I can venture to swear that they have been manufactured in the way I have said.
Are they counterfeit coin?
Yes; they are counterfeit Mint money.
Pray what effect hath this on the hands?
It turns them black, as mine are now.
You have told us, on other occasions, that cork hath been made use of in this business; there is no cork here?
There is not; it appears as if this money hath been in currency, and bought up by the Jews, and coloured afresh, in order to give it currency again; there is no doubt of it.
Can you of your knowledge in this business tell us the quantity of silver may be in that half crown?
According to assays made, a half crown hath about four-pence halfpenny-worth of silver in it, and a shilling two penny-worth.
I have worked with the prisoner at the bar five and twenty years; he is an hairdresser : I never saw any such materials about the house, as to coining; and all I know is, that he was apprehended by three men, who came with the Jews: I was not up stairs that day; and what was up stairs I know nothing about. When the officers came my master had been up to dinner I suppose about half an hour; and that morning he had been to work up and down.
