What are you?
Some times I go out on the town, and nothing else; I live in Love-lane, Westminster ; at half past one in the morning a man came up to me, his name is John Lock , they call him John Lock .
Who calls him so?
He called himself so before the Justice. I did not know him before that time, I never saw him before that; he came up to me in the street and insulted me, and I asked him what he wanted? He said he wanted nothing, and said, that he would have all that ever I had got.
Did he say nothing before that?
No, nothing at all; only he would have all I had got. I desired him to let me alone, and let me go home, he would not; he put his hands in my pockets, I made a noise, and he knocked me down, and took all I had for any thing I knew; I got up as soon as I could, and charged the watch with him.
What did he knock you down with, with his fist or his hand, not with any instrument?
No.
Did he get your money before he knocked you down, or afterwards?
Afterwards, while I was on the ground; he took two guineas, two shillings, and some halfpence; I cried out; nobody came to my assistance; I did not quit sight of him; I got up, and charged the watch with him, and he was taken to the watch-house, as nigh as I can guess it was near the watch-house.
What is the watchman's name?
I do not know.
Would you ask her any questions, prisoner?
Mrs. Atkinson, on Monday morning you came up to me at the corner of the Little Sanctuary, you came and took hold of my arm; did not you walk with me to the corner of Love-lane?
No; I never saw you in my life before you attacked me.
For shame, woman, consider what you are about here, I am standing for my life! My Lord, she took me to the narrow lane, very near over her shoes, at the back of the Plow, in Love-lane. - There we went together, she asked me if I would go and lay with her; I told her no, I had a wife at home.
About how long was the man with you?
About ten minutes.
What conversation passed between you?
No conversation passed at all, he came up, and said he would have all that ever I had; I was not willing to part with my money, and he knocked me down.
What did you say to him in these ten minutes while he was insulting you?
said nothing at all, but called out.
Where did he hit you?
Over the breasts, a man is more powerful than a woman.
Did he appear to you to be in liquor?
He did not.
Was you in liquor yourself?
Yes, a little.
Have you ever had any conversation respecting the prisoner, in which you said you did not mean to hurt him?
No, I said nothing at all but that I would tell the truth.
You never acknowledged you was in liquor, and did not intend to prosecute him?
No; the Constable has my money; he left me sixpence halfpenny.
How came you out so late at night?
I had been with my sister in Holborn at tea, and I got a little drop of liquor, I was in company besides.
What company was you in?
I was along with the man that I live with, he was drinking, and I was drinking with him.
Where was you drinking with him?
I cannot tell, somewhere in Holborn.
At how many houses?
At one or two, he would not come along, he would have more liquor; we fell out and parted, so I went one way and he went another, that made me have this misfortune.
When had you seen your money before you lost it?
I saw it in Holborn.
On what occasion did you look at it in Holborn?
I looked at the money I had got.
What made you look at it?
Because I insisted on having the money from the man I live with, I thought I could take better care of it.
What sort of man is he?
He lives in Westminster, his name is Young, I live in Westminster.
Did the man put his hand into your pocket?
Yes, he did.
I am the watchman, on the 18th of July I was on my beat; and I heard the cry of a woman, watch, watch, watch! I went round and met the prisoner and the woman, she said, this man has robbed me of two guineas; the man was walking a middling pace from her, not very fast; she ran after him, he knew me, he spoke to me, I stopped him: she came up, and would have made it up for the two guineas. He was searched, and two guineas, and two shillings, and five pennyworth of halfpence were found on him.
What did the prisoner say when she said he had taken two guineas from her?
He said he had not, he did not know where the two guineas were.
What were his words exactly?
He said he had not two guineas of her's.
These were his words?
Yes.
Did you hear a woman cry at all, before you saw the prisoner and this woman?
Yes, I heard her cry first of all, then I went towards her.
How long did you hear her cry before you came up to her?
Not three minutes.
In what state was the man, did he appear to be in liquor?
He was a good deal in liquor.
How was the woman?
I believe she was so too.
You have known the man for some time?
I knew his father.
What was his character?
I cannot say.
Do you know any thing of a reward in this case?
A reward, no, I do not know any thing about it.
I am constable of the night, between one and two I heard a woman scream, I am one of the patrols, I did not go out of the watch-house; the prisoner and the woman were brought in; she said she had been robbed of two spadey guineas, that means the last new guineas, without any supporters. The prisoner said, he was sure she had not two guineas. Says I, my friend, it seems very odd; says he, she had no money at all. I searched her first, and found sixpence, and a halfpenny on her; and he would insist on my searching him, so I searched him. Says I, what money have you got? says he, I have a farthing. I found a good farthing upon him; he had a blue jacket on, I shook it; says I, what have you got here in the left hand pocket withinside? says he, it is some halfpence; then I put in my hand, and pulled out some halfpence, and I this quantity of money, and laid it down on the table; it was all loose, I spread it, and there were two guineas among it. The woman said, them are my two guineas. The man was frightened, and could not speak.
Did the woman say any thing about being knocked down?
She said she had been pushed or shoved down.
Was there any marks of her having been knocked down about her?
I did not see any thing of it.
As I was coming along on Monday morning, between twelve and one, I met this woman, she came up, and took hold of my arm; she desired me to go to such a place, and asked me several times to go home with her. I went with her into this Love-lane, and there she wanted me to lay with her. I asked her what I should give her, and she said a shilling; I gave her a shilling, while I was giving her that, she was rifling my pockets with her own hand; she shoved her hand and mine into her pocket; I got the money out of her hand, and I thought it was my own, and shoved it all into my pocket.
Here is the bad shilling, which he said he gave her; I found it in his own pocket.
Did the man and woman appear to be in liqquor?
Yes.
