I got it from Mr. Selby, the Clerk of the Peace, at Clerkenwell; I examined it with the original record, it is a true copy.
Did you see the Clerk of the Peace sign it?
I did.
Have you an examined copy of the record, by which he was adjudged an incorrigible rogue?
Yes; I had it from Mr. Selby, I saw him sign it.
I was servant at the House of Correction in 1792.
Did you ever attend the prisoner at the bar, at the Sessions?
I do not know.
Do you know whether he was ever in your custody in 1792?
Yes; I am very clear of it.
You have the warrant of the Justice's in Queen-square?
Yes.
Is that the same man that was committed to your care?
Yes.
What became of him after he was committed by Mr. Pye?
He served his time out, and was discharged.
Was he ever committed into your custody after that?
Yes, by Mr. Conant and Mr. Scott, on the 5th of December, 1793. (Produces the warrant) . Sometime after he had the judgment of the Sessions, he received a pardon.
I am an officer: On the 30th of May, about twenty minutes after two o'clock in the morning, I was going up and down different streets in our parish, near Fitzroy-square, along with Keighley, and in Russell-place, I saw a man walking very fast; I went up and saw Hughes, and seized him immediately, and Keighley came up in an instant, and hold him fast by the hand while I searched his pocket on the spot; he had a great coat on, and a coat under that; in his coat pocket I found a brace of pistols, these picklock keys, seven of them, an iron crow, a dark lanthorn, some matches and phosphorus.
Were the pistols loaded?
Yes; with powder and ball; Keighley and I put him in the watch-house, and brought him to Bow street.
I was with Crocker on the 30th of May; Crocker and I were taking a walk round the streets; about twenty minutes after two, Crocker saw a man walking quick, he stepped across and said, d-n you, Jack, is that you, I know you; I thought from that it must be some thief; I immediately jumped across, laid hold of his wrist, and Crocker took these things from out of his pockets.
I found these articles tied up in a handkerchief, which Crocker took out of my pocket when I was apprehended.
