I am a linen draper . I was robbed at the Post office on Wednesday the 4th of February, of my watch, as described in the indictment, I went there to carry a letter; I had the letter in one hand and the money in the other, in holding my arm out to deliver the letter and pay for it, I felt my watch drawn out of my pocket, I put my arm out, the right arm, and caught hold of the prisoner's arm, I told him that he had robbed me of my watch, or that he had got my watch; he says, I got your watch! I told him he had; he then endeavoured to get away, I took fast hold of his arm, and he drew back; I had a parcel under the left arm, and a letter in the left hand.
Your letter was still in your left hand?
It was; he endeavoured to get away, a second person came up and I was hustled between them for a little time, the one that came up afterwards made off; he strove very hard, I seeing this lad standing by, I threw my parcel down and dropped my sixpence, and begged this lad to take care of my parcel; he is a witness; the lad took the parcel up, and I dragged the prisoner into the letter office and then sent for a constable, who took him to the Poultry computer; he was searched but nothing was found upon him.
Have you ever recovered your watch?
No, never seen it.
Was any other people there beside at the time?
There were several people paying for their letters; It was about ten minutes before seven.
Where was the parcel?
On the left hand, the prisoner was on the right, and the other was at my back.
Was any body near the prisoner at the time he was facing you?
I did not observe, I cannot say.
You now live in Newgate-street?
Yes.
There were many people in the Post office?
Yes.
You had suspicion of the prisoner and you apprehended him?
No suspicion, I took hold of his arm instantly.
How old are you?
Fifteen, next April. I was at the Post office when Mr. Bromfield was at the Post office, I see him throw down his parcel, I see a man draw his hand from Mr. Bromfield's sob.
Do you know who the man was?
The man at the bar. Mr. Bromfield threw down his parcel and I picked it up. I went to the Post office and put my letters in, and then I came back and called a constable.
You say you saw the man draw his hand from the fob?
Yes.
At the time that he drew his hand from his sob was he laid hold of?
Mr. Bromfield had hold of him.
Was that before he threw down his parcel, or at the time he laid hold of him? Which was first, or were they both together? Did the prisoner draw away his hand before Mr. Bromfield laid hold of him, or after?
He drew his hand away, and Mr. Bromfield caught hold of him directly.
Did you see any thing in his hand?
I did not.
Would not a man that had been laid hold of by surprise do the same thing?
Yes.
Did it appear to you more than that?
It did not.
Did the prisoner draw away his arm first?
The prisoner drew away his arm first, and he caught hold of him immediately.
Was any other person near besides Mr. Bromfield?
No, I am sure there was not.
Mr. Bromfield could not answer that question?
I did not perceive any body.
It is one thing to say you did not perceive any, and another thing to say there were none?
I did not see any body.
Was he examined before he was carried to the compter?
No, he was not, he was searched at the compter.
How near was you to the prisoner?
Close to him.
Did you front him?
I did.
There was another man ran away?
There was, directly as Mr. Bromfield caught hold of him another man ran away towards Lombard-street.
Where did that man run away from?
From the Post office.
How far was this man from him?
I did not see, I see him run across Lombard-street.
The other man ran away the moment Mr. Bromfield talked about the watch?
He did.
And you was so near the prisoner that you should have seen if he had the watch, you say?
I should.
I leave it to my counsel.
