Did you know William Turner ?
Yes; the last time I saw him, he was a corpse at his master's house, on Stepney-green, that was on Monday the 12th of March; I saw him between ten and eleven o'clock, on the 4th of March, in a field behind a public-house, called the Ben Johnson, he was then fighting with a person of the name of Niblett, a publican , they were fighting from twenty minutes to half an hour.
Did they appear to you to fight fair?
Yes; I saw no foul blows struck. Before the last three rounds, Turner expressed a wish to leave off, his second, Homan, prevented him.
Did Niblett express any wish, either to persist in fighting, or to leave off?
Not that I heard, either the one way or the other.
During those three rounds, did they appear to fight fair?
Homan urged the renewal of the combat to Turner, and Turner got up and walked on to meet Niblett, and the last round but one, Turner evidently got the worst of it; Niblett had got his wind, and struck very hard and violently about the head; but the last round but one, Turner made an attempt to throw Niblett, what they call a cross-buttock, and in Turner's endeavouring to do it, his strength left him, his legs gave way under him, and in that position he fell; at the end of that round, I begged Homan for God's sake, not to let him fight any more; his answer was very rude indeed, in very coarse language, he d-d my eyes, and what was it to me, the man was not beat yet; he was led up the last round by Homan, and there was a wildness in his eyes, and when he went to meet Niblett, he went a great way to the right of him, and Homan said, where are you going? there is your man, and then he took him by the arm, and absolutely led him up to Niblett; there were three or four blows past that round, he received some blows upon his head, and the last blow he fell upon his back.
Did he strike at all at Niblett the last round?
He had the use of his hands, but he was extremely weak; for the last quarter of an hour there was an incessant torrent of blood poured from his nose and mouth; at the end of the last round, he was picked up, and even then he had strength to walk to the man, that they call the bottle-holder, and sat down upon his knee, and they called out,\"time,\" and Homan said, \"why do not you let the man stand up,\" and the moment he took his left arm from his shoulders, he fell down double; I observed strong convulsions, and he appeared to be choaking; after that, a vein was opened in his right arm, by a surgeon, but then he was in the agonies of death; they took him out of the field, and he lived till he got to his master's house; I think it was a quarter or an hour after that, I went to his master's house, I went up into the room, and saw him, he was then a corpse, he had just expired; I went to Niblett immediately after that, and he was in bed; I told him of the circumstance, I went to purely to enquire where Homan lived; Niblett expressed a very great contrition indeed, and I believe it was sincere, he said, when I told him of it,\"good God, I shall never be happy again,\" and then shed a flood of tears.
I believe, when you saw him in bed, it was from the bruises he had received?
Yes.
Homan was the principal promoter of the business?
Yes; and there is not a doubt but his life might have been saved but for him.
Had it not been for Homan, there would have been a stop put to the battle sooner than there was?
Yes.
I knew nothing of the deceased till this happened: On the 4th of March I saw the battle between the deceased and the prisoner; I saw them before the battle commenced; Turner was in the field first; I enquired the cause of so great an assemblage of people; they told me it was a fight, and pointed out Turner to me as one of the combatants; I afterwards saw Niblett come into the field, and I thought I discovered in Niblett a disinclination to fight; I finding that, took him aside, and endeavoured to persuade him to go about his business, that it could answer no good purpose his fighting; he said, sir, I am obliged to you for your advice, but the matter is gone so far that it must be decided in this way; they then went to fighting; I saw nothing in the fight but what is called fair fighting, I believe the mischief happened through Homan; I believe Niblett would have been very happy to have been taken away, that was the impression it made on my mind; it appeared to me, that the fear of being called a coward was the only thing that induced him to fight; I broke into the ring after the last round, and told the second, if you set these men to fighting any more I will have you taken up; he d-d me, and said, the man should fight as long as he could; they were not put together again then; as to the condition of the deceased, I was outside, and therefore could not so well judge.
Do you know Turner?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner Niblett?
Yes; the deceased sent the challenge by me.
Had you any conversation with either of them before the battle was fought?
Yes; previous to their fighting, on Wednesday, the deceased talked with me about it, but I did not say any thing to Niblett about it till the Saturday night; I told him you are going to fight with Turner, and he told me to hold my tongue, he did not want to hear any thing about it, and that was all that passed on the Monday; they had been fighting some time before I went to the field.
How many rounds do you suppose they had?
A great number, I cannot say how many; they fought a great while.
Did you see any soul play at all?
No, I did not; Turner seemed to have the best of the battle till within the last round or two.
What appeared to you to be the change in the battle till within the last round or two.
What appeared to you to be the change in the battle?
I am no great judge of that, but when he was turning to throw Niblett a cross-buttock, he fell upon his head, and I think he might, at that time, over-strain himself; after that, the blood flowed from his nose and mouth very fast.
I am a sack-maker; I know nothing at all about the battle, but I know both the people, that is all I know; I was not there.
I live at Mile-end: the prisoner lived with me a year and a half, he was a man of a humane, good disposition; I should not have parted with him, but he was going to settle.
I have known the prisoner several years, he always maintained a sober, honest, humane character.
I am a surgeon and apothecary, at Mile-end: I have known the prisoner five years, his general character is that of a humane man.
