I live in Whitechapel , I keep a shop ; one side is a chandler and grocer's, and the other side a haberdasher's and hosier's. On the 26th of November, about a quarter after eight, I was in the shop snussing the candles, every thing was then safe; about twenty minutes before nine, I was informed that a pane of glass was cut out, and the property stolen; I looked out, and found the windows broke, there was one pane cut clean out; I then sent down to the Police-office; I missed the property mentioned in the indictment.
How old are you?
Twelve years of age.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
No.
Do you know what will become of you if you swear safely?
I shall go to hell. (He is sworn.) I live in a yard in Whitechapel, facing Mrs. Johnstone's.
Look at the prisoner, did you ever see him before?
A. Yes, I saw him standing at a post the corner of Great Garden-street, with another lad, facing Mrs. Johnstone's window; he came up to the window with something in his hand, and he rubbed his hand round the window, and took the glass out, and then he came and stood by the young lad at the corner of the post again; then he went up to the window, and stood about ten minutes, and then he came down to the other young man again, and gave him something out of his bosom, I did not see what it was, and then they both went up Whitechapel, and then there were three came; then the prisoner went to the window, and the other two watched him; one stood by the Dolphin, next door to Mrs. Johnstone's, and then he went over to the one that was the other side of the way, and gave him something out of his bosom into his lap.
How long after the first time was that?
About a quarter of an hour.
How saw off were you?
About twelve yards, I was standing by the comb-maker's, next door but one to Mrs. Johnstone's, and then they all three went up Whitechapel, as far as the church; then the prisoner and one of them stood up by Whitechapel church, and then the tallest of the three came to Mrs. Johnstone's window, and took something out of the window, and put it in his own lap, he had an apron on, and then he went away, and then a butcher's man pushed him over in the dirt, and then he run up Whitechapel as hard as he could run.
Did you know the prisoner before?
Yes, very well by sight, I have often seen him, but I do not know where he lived, I know them all by sight, the other two looked like weavers.
I live at No. 6, Buckle-street, Whitechapel.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes, he lives in the same house with me.
Do you know a man of the name of Ingleton?
Yes.
Does he live there?
No; the prisoner and Ingleton went out of my room about six o'clock in the evening, Ingleton returned at nine o'clock, he brought in some cotton, put it down, and said, he should be back for it presently, he did not come at all for it; the officers came the next morning, and found it; the prisoner came back about twelve, and I told him Ingleton had been and left the cotton, and he made me no answer.
Had he seen the cotton?
I do not know.
Where had you put the cotton?
In a drawer; the officers came the next morning about ten, and found it in the drawer; I told them that Ingleton had brought it and left it there, saying, he would call for it again.
What sort of a man is Ingleton, is he taller than the prisoner?
He is almost a head taller.
Where does he live?
I do not know; he is a shoemaker by trade.
Had he an apron on?
Yes.
Had the prisoner an apron on?
Yes; he is a stay-maker.
Do you know Ingleton?
No.
Were either of them taller than the prisoner?
Yes, one was a head taller, and the other was taller than him.
Had they all aprons on?
Yes, all three of them.
I am one of the officers of Lambeth-street. On Monday evening I received information of Mrs. Johnstone's house being broke open; I went to Mrs. Johnstone's, I saw the window broke open, and, in company with one of my fellow officers, and this boy, that has been giving evidence, and a butcher's man, I went to a great number of houses that were used by these sort of boys, and the next morning I heard that my brother had taken Colley; my brother then informed me where he lived; I went with him to No. 6, Buckle-street, where he lived: I searched his room, and in a drawer I found some cotton, which is here; I took it to Mrs. Johnston's house, and shewed it her: it is here.
You took Racksworthy into custody, did not you?
My brother did, and she was admitted an evidence.
Did you know before that the prisoner lodged there?
No.
On Tuesday morning I was going to the Public-office, and I met with one of my brother officers, who informed me that a window had been cut, and some property stolen; I called to Nowlan to go with me; I then went to the prisoner's father's house, No. 11, in Old Montague-street, Whitechapel, and asked him whether his son Jack was at home, and he said, yes, he was; I then took him in custody; he had only gone to his father's; he lived, as I found afterwards, in Buckle-street; I asked him what time he came home last night; he said, he came home about nine o'clock, I asked him whether he had been out again that night or not; he said, no, he had not; I then took him to the Public-office, and desired Smith, the officer, to take particular notice if any body came to the prisoner, where he directed them to go to; I then went down to the Flying-horse, in Lambeth-street, and staid about ten minutes; I went back, and Smith, the officer, told me, he had sent a person to No. 6, in Buckle-street: I then called John Nowlan , and we went to No. 6, in Buckle-street, and when we came in, I saw the prisoner's younger brother there; I asked him what brought him there, and he said, he came to speak to a young man that lived with his brother; I saw Racksworthy, I asked her if she knew any thing of Jack Colley that I had then in custody, and she said, no; Colley's brother came up and said, it is my brother Jack that he means; I then searched a large box that was there, and a small one, but I saw no property there, that I wanted; I then went back in company with Nowlan to the office again, and then my brother told me he had got a description of the property that was stolen; I then went back to No. 6, in company with my brother, and he searched the bureau, and found this property, and took it to the office.
I know this to be mine, I have had it in my window these six months.
I know nothing about it; I was at work at my father's from five o'clock till ten at stay-making, I can prove it.
I am a stay-maker; I am the father of the prisoner; he was at home from about six o'clock in the evening till ten, as near as I can tell, but I had no watch; I had a little work in a hurry, and I desired him to stay an hour longer to help me.
What night was it?
It was Monday was a week, I think, at night.
Was he working with you all the time?
Yes.
And you are sure he was in your house from six to ten?
Yes.
What was his business to do there?
He assisted me in my business.
And after ten o'clock what became of him?
I cannot be sure where he went.
Did he sleep in your house that night?
No, he did not that night, he had other nights before, but not that night.
Was his constant sleeping place at your house?
Yes.
My boy is only twelve years of age, and the only objection I have to his giving evidence is, that he is too young to know the consequences of what he is saying.
You are his mother, are you not?
Yes.
Have you never taught him his catechism?
He is not perfect in it.
He says, if he swears that that is false, he shall go to hell?
Because he has been taught so since.
How do you know that?
He told me so himself.
Your mother says, you have told her, that you have lately been taught the nature of an oath?
I never told her any such thing.
You know you told me before, that the nature of your oath was, that if you spoke any thing falsely, you would go to a bad place?
Yes.
Now do you believe that?
Yes.
And do you believe that you shall be liable to be punished here and hereaster, if you say that that is false?
Yes.
Who taught you that?
My master, when I went to school.
What was his name?
Mr. Dawson.
How long ago is it since he told you the nature of an oath?
About a year ago.
Has your mother said any thing to you about this?
No.
Then is all that you have told us in this place to-day true?
Yes.
My boy has not been to school to Mr. Dawson since he was three years of age.
Was he there before he was three years of age?
Yes.
What did you send him to school for before he was three years of age?
People sometimes send children to school to keep them out of the way.
And you have not sent him to school since?
No, I am a poor woman.
Your mother says, you have not been sent to school since you were three years of age?
I went to school at ten years of age, and six months ago.
Did you learn any thing else besides reading when you went to school at Mr. Dawson's?
I learnt my catechism, and they told me if I told a lie, I should go to a bad place.
Did you learn to write there?
No.
Did you learn he whole of your catechism?
Yes.
Did you learn the commandments?
Yes.
What is the third commandment?
Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain.
What is the ninth commandment?
Thou shalt do no murder.
No, that is the 6th - Do you remember any commandment about bearing false witness?
Yes.
Repeat that commandment?
I forget it.
Do you remember any commandment that begins, thou shalt not bear false witness?
Yes, against they neighbour.
Then you know that if you bear false witness against your neighbour, you will be punished here as well as hereafter?
Yes.
The prisoner is our neighbour, and he never did any of us any harm; he was on board a ship at the time of the mutiny, and was turned out for being sick.
Where does he live?
In Old Montague-street.
Then he has nothing to do with Buckle-street?
I do not know Buckle-street.
I live in the neighbourhood, and have known him from four years of age, and I knew when he went to sea, and he has, ever since he came from sea, been with his father in Montague-street.
Did he always live in Montague-street?
Yes.
He used to sleep there and no where else?
Yes.
Mrs. Cress has been doing all she could to get the boy out of our possession; he was, by order of the Magistrate, kept in our custody to give evidence. She came last night to the Flying-horse, and insisted upon taking him away; she said, we had trapanned the boy; she had been there before, and was acquainted by the people of the house that the boy was very safe, and wanted for nothing. I last night sent to the boy's father, to let him know where he was, and that he was very safe.
Have you heard what John Griffiths says?
Yes.
Is that true?
I sent down, and they sent word he was safe; then I went down again; my husband and I were very uneasy, and I said, if he staid, I would stay, and they called me all the b-s and names they could think of.
Did they tell you he was kept there by order of the Magistrate?
Yes; and I said, I wished I could see the Magistrate.
What did you want to see the Magistrate for?
To know why my boy was detained.
They told you it was to give evidence, did not they?
No, they did not give me any satisfactory answer at all.
