The prisoner at the bar was my servant ; I have the honour to be a captain in the sixty-second regiment of guards: On the 23d of last month, the waiter came into my room, at the New Hummums, where I had been lodging for two or three days; he said, Sir, you had better get up, as your servant is taken into custody, it was a little after eleven o'clock in the morning, he said, he was at Bow-street; I had ordered my servant to call me at nine, he had been and took away my clothes to clean, and I was surprised he had not returned; I requested the waiter to go to Bow-street, and bid the officer come to me; the Bow-street officer came to me, and a pawnbroker, and directly the pawnbroker came into my room, he took out the watch and shewed me; I immediately saw that the watch had been taken by my servant, out of the drawer, he had the key of the drawer at the Hummums; I had requested of him, several times, to be particular never to leave the door unlocked, as I had lost some clothes the day before; he said to me, there were a number of rascals in the house, and wished me to leave it; I put the watch into the drawer myself, I believe it was on the 19th or 20th, the day on which I arrived in town, I had seen it in the drawer the day before; I did not miss the watch till the pawnbroker brought it; I locked the drawer, and gave the key to the prisoner; I am sure that is the watch that had been entrusted to me by Sir John Blackey.
I am the master of the New Hummums, in the parish of St. Paul, Covent-Garden.
Do you remember Mr. Kington lodging at your house?
Yes; he lodged there on the 19th, the night before this happened. On the 22d I was informed, about half after eleven o'clock, that captain Kington's servant was taken to Bow-street by a pawnbroker; I went to Bow-street, and I found captain Kington and the prisoner there; I know no more about it.
I am a pawnbroker, I have seen the prisoner before: On the 22d of November, about ten o'clock in the morning, he came and offered a gold repeating watch to sell, at Mr. Abraham Dry 's, he asked ten guineas for it: seeing the watch a very valuable one. I asked him how he came by it; he said he had just arrived from Ireland, and had received it for a year's wages in Ireland, for the sum of twenty-five guineas; I asked him whom he lived with there; he said, with a captain Sherwood, who lived at the Exchange coffee-house; I then interrogated him still closer, doubting the watch to be his, and he then said he gave twenty-five guineas for it, that it was his watch: by his varying in his story, I doubted what he said, and I sent for an officer; he seemed inclined to make off, and I went round on the other side of the counter to prevent his running off; when an officer came, I gave charge of him; he then desired that the officer might go with him to his master, who, he said, lived in Craven-street; when we came to the end of Henrietta-street, he attempted to make off; the constable called to me, and requested me to keep close behind, for he found some difficulty in holding him fast, and, passing a hair-dresser, he holloaed out, Mr. Foxhall; we then came as far as the Old Hummums, and he laid hold of the rails, but we at last disengaged him from them, and took him to Carpmeal's, in Bow-street; I asked Mr. Foxhall if he knew who was his master; he said, yes, it was the Hon. Mr. Kington, who lodged at the New Hummums; I then said to the constable, it would be the most prudent thing to go to the New Hummums, to see if he lived there; I went up stairs, and found Mr. Kington; I carried the watch, and that was the way Mr. Kington came to know about it.
What may the watch be worth?
At least it is worth sixty guineas, it never cost less.
Is that the watch you lost?
That is the watch; I have no doubt but it is the same watch.
I had been up all night, and was over persuaded by bad company to go to a pawnbroker's shop and sell the watch; I never did such a thing before.
