What is your business?
Glass manufacturer .
Have you any partner?
How many years had this man been your warehouse man?
Fifteen years. He had been my wife's warehouseman twenty-five, years.
I believe at that time he was employed to fell in the warehouse?
He was employed as a packer in the warehouse, I had such confidence in him that I admitted him to do any thing.
You have mentioned the name of Hampton, I ask you whether Hampton had not been a considerable dealer in the
house with you?
He had been a dealer; the goods in this basket were entered on the state that very day to Hampton.
Were they entered on the state previous to the time you saw them packed?
They were not, but they were in the course of the day, because in the afternoon I went to see if the glass had been taken from the warehouse, and to see whether there was any entry to Hampton and there was.
I want to know whether you have any reason for supposing the entry was made on the slate before or after the packing?
I should suppose it was after, because it was so dark he could not have wrote so plain. This packing was in the morning early, it was before it was quite light. This slate is merely a memorandum book of the warehouseman's, and afterwards the order is taken into the order book, and when this man packs the goods he keeps down each separate goods on this slate, and when he has so done, he takes it to the clerk, and he puts them in the day book, and he there has a bill of parcels made.
It is then the regular custom of the house, that they should be put down on the slate till they are packed up?
It is. These goods remained on the slate towards the evening, but were never on the day book or order book, and no bill of parcels was given.
When was the hamper carried away?
I cannot speak to that; it was taken away somewhere about noon day. I took every care in the world that there should be no suspicion that I had any suspicion.
I am the partner with the other witness. On the 7th of January about seven in the evening, I and Mr. Slater went into the warehouse after it was locked, about eight in the evening, it was after the warehouse was shut; we shut up at seven; and there I perceived Hampton's basket, with one of ours by the side of it filled, they were left there till the morning, in the morning we perceived Hampton's glasses filled with those glasses. I saw it filled just before seven, it was hid behind the prickles in a corner of the warehouse; our intention was to see who took this basket away, afterwards I was sent for over to the glass-house, where I saw Hampton, and I mentioned to my brother to be particular to see who took that basket away, but he was obliged to go up stairs to look out some glasses with a gentleman, in the interim the basket went away, it was Hampton's basket that I saw filled, I saw wine glasses at the top.
On the 7th instant, by desire of Mr. Slater I watched Mr. Hampton and Mr. Parry; I saw a basket like that described in the letter, in the hands of Mr. Parry, about six o'clock in the evening, as near as I can recollect, I saw it through the window, laying on the counter. On my going into the house, while I was going in it disapeared, it was thrown aside, Parry was in the warehouse.
Did you see it any where else?
No, I did not, I went and acquainted Mr. Slater of it, and Hampton went away, Hampton was in the house, I saw him there; on the following day, in the morning, I saw him go into the glass house again, and on my going into the warehouse, I saw a basket like that described in the letter, stand behind some prickles, it was apparently packed with goods, I did not look into it, I was called up to attend a gentleman in one of the upper warehouses; on my coming down again the basket was gone, and Mr. Hampton was gone from the glass house, I then looked on the slate, and I saw some goods entered to Hampton, six dozen wine glasses, twenty-four goblets, and twenty-four tumolers.
Whose entering did it appear to be?
Mr. Parry's.
Has the basket ever been seen since?
Not to my knowledge.
