I live at More-street, Hackney . My house was broke open the 17th of November. I set up the best part of the night; my house was broke open that night, about a quarter before five; it was broke open at the back part of the house; they got in by the window, I caught the prisoner in the yard.
How do you know that he had been in the house, or concerned in breaking it?
Because the window was open; my yard is very much inclosed by a gentleman's premises just by.
You never see nobody in the house?
No.
Did you ever hear any body break it open?
No, I gave a great alarm, when I catched him.
When did you first perceive that your house had been broke?
In a few minutes.
Did you find any thing on the prisoner?
Yes, I found two sixpences, and two shillings.
Did you miss that money from any part of your house?
I missed it out of the till. I am a shopkeeper , that money was in the till over night, I put it in after I had marked it.
Did you see any body else about the house?
No, the money found on the prisoner corresponded with the mark, that I had put on it.
Was the window broke at all, or only open?
Not broke, only open, it was put up by some means or other, it is a fash window, I found it open.
Did that window open into a room, where the till was?
No.
How far was the till from where the window was open?
About thirty feet.
Was any partition between them?
No.
How could they get into the till room?
It is all open.
Where is the money?
I was a watchman in about a hundred yards from the place, I heard Mr. Messenger cry out, watch! watch! thieves! thieves! I came down to his assistance, and so we were looking about some time in the gentleman's yard, close by; we could not perceive the thief at all, so in the space of ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour, he said, I think there is somebody in this place, and he followed him up stairs, and found him under the bed of one Gillerton, that he lodged with. He was not found in the prosecutor's house, the prosecutor had found him there first, but he let him go, and we found him afterwards in this Gillerton's house; we pulled him out from under his own bed; the prosecutor took hold of one foot, and I hold of the leg, and pulled him out, and the other man said, it is Jerry, watch, do you take care of him; I took his then to the watch-house, in the parish of Hackney; Mr. Messenger said, watchman, if you please, you will search this man; the prisoner at the bar said, you have no need to search me, I will give you your money again, he said so to Mr. Messenger. I have got the money.
I can swear this is my money.
What mark did you put on it?
I put three strokes on all of them, pretty near alike.
Had you made these marks before the time the money was taken?
Yes.
From what suspicion?
I had been robbed more than once or twice, and could not tell by what means.
I am the niece of the prosecutor. I know no more than what he has told himself.
Do you know the overnight, whither you had fastened the windows properly? Where the windows shut?
Yes.
On the 17th of November, I was in bed, and I heard Mr. Messenger cry out, thieves! watch! and I jumped out of bed, and put on my breeches and shoes, and ran down to his assistance, and Mr. Messenger said, that he had got over the wall from him, and got into another gentleman's ground; we searched thereabout, but we could not find him, I returned round to my own premises again, and searched the premises again, and could not find him there. Mr. Messenger called out, I believe he is here in his own lodgings. I live next door to the prisoner Mr. Messenger lived one door between us; we rushed in doors, and followed him up stairs, and I saw him under the bed, and helped to pull him out; I was not the person that took the money from him, Bridges took the money.
Did you know the person of the prisoner, at the time you saw him in the yard first?
Yes, I knew him.
You knew where he lodged?
Yes, because he used my house in dealing with me, that was the reason of my going up to his lodging to search.
I work about three hundred yards from Mr. Messenger's, and I goes there generally for my day's victuals, by going there, I got acquainted with the servant girl, she used to bid me call her up in the night; and I used to be with her from two o'clock in the morning, till five; and she has given me both money, victuals, and drink.
How came you by that money in your pocket?
In about a week after that I was up with her one morning a washing, and I had my breakfast with her, and she gave it me.
Was Messanger up that night, that you was in the yard?
I don't know, the back door was open, and I went in at the back door.
How came the window open?
I don't know.
Pray, was the prisoner in the house with you that night?
No.
And did not you see him that night at all?
No.
