I am a jeweller and silversmith .
What is your partner's name?
Joseph Thornhill .
What have you to say against the prisoner?
She was a domestic servant of Mr. Thornhill's, a household servant.
Did she live in the house?
We have two houses adjoining, but no communication between them.
She lived with Mr. Thornhill?
Yes.
Was the property stolen from the house?
From the shop.
Is the shop at Mr. Thornhill's house?
Yes.
You did not see her take the property, I suppose?
No. We had some reason to suspect some things were missing, and suspected the prisoner. Mr. Thornhill, in consequence of that, made some enquiries, and we discovered the property, and that led to charge her with it. I charged her with it, she denied it.
What did you charge the prisoner with?
With the suspicion of having robbed us. I then requested of Mr. and Mrs. Thornhill to examine her box; they did so.
Did you see the box examined?
I did not.
Do you know that the things in the indictment were missing from the shop, of your own knowledge?
The three gold shirt pins and silver box I know to be our property.
Did you miss this property before it was found?
I had a suspicion that property was missing.
Did you miss this identical property?
I cannot say that I did. I have only to say, that that property being found with our marks upon it, I can identify it.
Knowlys. You have said that you did not miss this identieal property?
I did not miss them.
You say these identical pieces of property were once your property?
I do.
Perhaps you cannot say that they have not been sold?
I do not believe they have been sold.
But you don't know it in point of fact, that they have not been sold?
I do not.
Have you any other partner?
I have not.
Are you the wife of Joseph Thorahill ?
I am.
What do you know about this? was this girl a servant of your's?
She was.
How long had you had her?
About three months.
Had you a character with her?
I had.
A written or a verbal one?
verbal one.
Why do you charge her?
I had suspicion of the things that she had taken. I went up with my husband up to her apartment to examine her boxes.
Can you tell what day that might be?
I really cannot recallect; I think it was the Monday preceding Christmas-day; I suppose about one or two o'clock in the day.
Who was with you?
My husband, Mr. Thornhill.
Was the prisoner in the room with you?
She was.
Had you challenged her with any thing before this?
I had.
Did she go up stairs with you?
She went up with us.
What did you challenge her with?
Saying, that she had taken property; The cried a good deal, and seemed not to say much to it. After we had opened the boxes, and Mr. Thornhill had gone down stairs, I interrogated her a good deal, begged of her by all means to consess.
Did you search her boxes?
Yes, one box. I told her she was in a very unhappy situation, and I told her if she would confess I would do all in my power to mitigate her punishment.
Then we must not hear of any confession, after that, did you find any thing in the room?
She delivered up three hat pins in consequence of my interrogating her to acknowledge.
Three hat pins?
No, three handkerchief or breast pins, whatever you please to call them, gold.
Are they shirt pins?
Handkerchief or shirt pins.
Did she deliver up any thing else?
A little twistling or two. They have been kept, I delivered them to the constable.
Knowlys. This is a very young girl, I believe; about sixteen, I believe?
I cannot pretend to say that I know her age particularly; I do not pretend to say that she is sixteen, or sixteen and a half.
You can tell whether she is a young girl or an old woman?
She is not an old woman, but she can better inform you her age.
Are these gold pins do you say?
I do.
I would ask you what you said to this girl; if you did not go farther and tell her she should never be prosecuted if she would confess?
I told her I would do all in my power to mitigate her punishment.
Did not you tell her that so far from being brought to any punishment at all, she might go home to her friends?
I did not.
Did not you permit her to go away for several days before you took her up?
The gentlemen can better inform you than I can, for I was exceedingly discomposed.
How soon after was it you took her up?
I believe it was the day following.
Did not you permit her to quit the house?
She was permitted to fetch her uncle, that she said she had.
And she came back again to the house?
Not in service.
You in point of fact, permitted her to quit your service?
She went to fetch her uncle.
Did not you from that time consider her as discharged from your service?
No doubt of that, she was not a servant.
Then you permitted her to go from your house?
She went, and came the next day and brought no uncle.
As her uncle would not come she could not bring him?
That I know nothing of.
So that night if she had staid away you would not have prosecuted her?
It was not my business to do it.
Nor Mr. Thornhill's neither. I observe that Mr. Thornhill is not here to day?
No.
Neither you nor Mr. Thornhill would have prosecuted her if she had not come back?
It was not my province.
After she had delivered you these gold rings she went out of your house and returned again?
She did.
She understood she was forgiven.
I am apprentice to James Norton .
Does Mr. Norton live in the same house with Mr. Thornhill?
No.
You attend the shop?
I do. On the 17th of December, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I had some business to go into the shop, and I saw the prisoner at the drawer where the gold feals come out of.
Is that drawer kept under lock and key?
It was not locked, it was behind the counter.
In what manner was she at the drawer?
I saw it open with her hand in the drawer; I said nothing to her.
Had you any suspicion at the time?
I really had not.
Did it not occur to you an odd thing that a domestic servant should be at that drawer?
I told my master, James Norton.
Did you tell him of it the same day?
No, I don't know whether it was the same day, or perhaps a day or two after; I do not recollect. When I went into the shop she seemed to be rather surprised, and she shut the drawer in a hurry, and the words she said are these, Tommy, where are the candles? She spoke to a son of Mr. Thornhill's, that was in the counting house.
Knowlys. So that at the time this past there was a young man entrusted with the care of the shop, in the shop as well as you?
Yes, in the counting house.
So you could not have any suspicion because you found there a person whose interest it was to watch her? Where was this drawer?
In the shew glass, in the shop.
Where was this young man?
In the counting house.
I was the officer that was sent for. I produce three pins and a silver patch box, I believe they call it; I received them of Mrs. Norton. The Lord Mayor's clerk gave them to Mrs. Norton afterwards, and I called upon Mrs. Norton to day to get the things to go before the grand jury. I believe they are the same things.
I am a pawnbroker. I produce a pair of buckles, two cornelian seals, set in gold, I believe they are. I bought them, of whom I don't know, it was a woman.
What day was it?
On the 17th of December.
Have you kept them ever since?
Yes.
Knowlys to Mr. Norton. I observe the marks that are on them would of course accompany them to any body to whom they might have been sold?
No doubt of it.
That only enables you to say that they were once your's?
Certainly.
Though you are inclined to think that they were not sold, yet you cannot venture to swear that they had not gone out of your shop by sale?
I don't chuse to do it. With respect to any promise that has been made, I know nothing about it; I come forward, only as a citizen, to do my duty.
Court to Mrs. Thornhill. I think you said nothing about the box in your evidence before; did you receive the box from the prisoner?
I did.
The box is mine.
Knowlys. You don't carry your evidence further to the box than you do to the pins, though you believe it has not been sold, yet you cannot venture to swear that it has not?
Certainly not.
