I live in the county of Antrim, in Ireland: I have known the prisoner, Mr. Forsyth, about twenty-three years ago; he was a chapman carrying things through the country; he had no fixed residence that I know of.
Do you know his first wife, of the name of Baldridge?
I do, very well; I was present when he was married, at Breehead, in the county of Antrim, twenty-three years ago.
Who were present besides yourself, the prisoner, and Margaret Baldridge ?
I don't remember.
What was the clergyman's name that married them?
Charles Douglas .
Were they married, in fact, at that time, and in your presence?
They were.
How were they married?
According to the regular rules of the Church of England, as far as I understand.
Where were they married, at church?
In a private room.
Did you ever see any other persons married in that country?
No, only myself.
Were you married in the same manner?
Exactly in the same manner.
Were you married according to the usual mode of celebrating marriages in that kingdom?
Yes.
Was Mr. Forsyth married according to that mode?
Yes.
How long did he continue to reside with his wife?
I cannot say how long; he resided with his wife and her brother.
Can you take upon you to say for what period?
I cannot recollect that; I remember his returning to Coleraine to her own brother; they took a house, and lived in Coleraine together; I resided about four miles from Coleraine; they lived together about nine weeks then; Mr. Forsyth then failed, and shut up shop.
When was that; in what year?
The very same year he was married; then he went to America.
Did you ever know any thing of Mr. Forsyth after he went to America?
Yes; he returned back again.
Did he then return again to Coleraine?
No; he returned to his wife at Ballymouthree again; that was in less than two years after he left Coleraine.
Can you say how long he resided with his wife then?
Better than a month, and perhaps two.
Perhaps six?
No, I will not say so much.
Was it nearer two months than one?
Yes, I am sure he did at that time.
Do you know what became of him at the end of that two months, or six weeks, or whatever it was?
He left the country, and I never saw him since.
Have you any doubt about his person?
No.
In what year do you suppose he left that country?
I cannot say.
How much less than twenty years ago?
On or about that, I think.
You know the first wife intimately?
Yes.
What sort of a character did she bear?
A very good one.
Do you know whether she is now alive?
She was alive the 26th of last month, at Ballymouthree, where Mr. Forsyth left her.
You have lived there very content and quiet for the last twenty years; who wrote to you to help to get some money out of this gentleman?
Mr. Wilson desired me to come.
Did Wilson tell you he had been trying to get some money out of Mr. Forsyth but he could not?
He did not tell me that.
He is brother to the second wife is not he?
Yes.
You are the brother-in-law to the first?
Yes; I married a sister of Margaret Baldridge .
He had no children by her?
No.
During the short time they lived together they were not very happy, I believe?
That is more than I know.
When did Wilson first write to you to come over?
I cannot say.
What age was he when he first became acquainted with your sister-in law?
Very young, not twenty years of age, I believe.
So they went into a back room; at what time of night was it?
It was a back parlour; there was only one parlour in the house.
Do you know Mrs. Margaret Wilson ?
Yes.
Do you know Mr. Forsyth?
Yes, very well.
Were you present at any time, and when, at a marriage celebrated between Mr. Forsyth and Miss Wilson?
Yes, I was; on the 5th of February, 1784, at the old church, Manchester .
Were they married according to the ceremonies of the Church of England?
Yes. they were.
Did Mr. Forsyth at all cohabit with his second wife, Miss Wilson?
Yes.
How long did he live with her?
I think, about twelve years to the best of my knowledge, at different places.
At what place did they live, when they were married?
In Manchester, some years, and then there was an account given that he had another wife; upon hearing that, my sister left him, and at last of all, I suppose he thought it not proper to stay in the neighbourhood, and he went away to London.
Do you know that any warrant was issued against Mr. Forsyth?
Yes, he was served with it.
Did he surrender upon that warrant?
I was told so.
Were you present?
No.
You were present at the examination afterwards, when he was admitted to bail?
Yes.
And you were present when he surrendered to day?
Very well, sir.
What is the situation in life of Miss Margaret Wilson - I suppose he married her for her fortune?
She had not much fortune, I believe.
He cohabited with her after marriage, I suppose, as he had done before?
He did not cohabit with her before marriage.
You have said, there was no cohabiting before - do you mean to say that?
Yes; excepting their courtship.
Do you mean to say, to your own knowledge, they did not cohabit together, and it was at your solicitation to make an honest woman of her that he married her?
No.
Are you the person that took out the warrant?
No.
When was it taken out?
I cannot exactly say, my brother took it out.
Did you take out a warrant against Mr. Forsyth upon this charge?
I did.
He was not taken into custody, but surrendered upon that warrant?
He did, at the Police-office, Hatton-Garden.
When did you take out a warrant?
I think it was in May last.
Had the prisoner any notice of the warrant?
I believe he had, from Mr. Railton, who wrote to him upon the business.
This offence is not committed in the county of Middlesex, and it has not been proved that the prisoner was apprehended in the county of Middlesex; the first marriage was in Ireland, and the second in Lancashire, and here is neither warrant nor recognizances, nor apprehensions, nor any one thing to prove the case.
