On the 10th of August I lost a morocco pocket-book, with a five-guinea Sherborne note in it, as I was talking to a friend upon Tower-hill , between five and six o'clock in the afternoon; my friend, Mr. Chamberlayne, seeing the prisoner pass me, desired me to take care of my pocket-book; I put my hand in my pocket, and missed it; I saw it in a minute or two after it had fell behind the prisoner's back; I am positive he is the man; I did not see him drop it, but came up as soon as he had dropped it; I picked up the pocket-book, and put it in my pocket; I called out, stop thief, and a person upon Tower-hill laid hold of him, and brought him to a friend's house upon Tower-hill, Mr. Cummings's; he went down upon his knees, and said, he would never be guilty of an offence again, if I would forgive him this offence; and I took him before a Justice.
The prisoner fell upon his knees and asked pardon, that was. of course, after you had been threatening to send him before the Lord-Mayor?
Yes.
Did he not say, he hoped you would let him go, for he was not in the habit of bad practices?
Yes.
I believe there was a famous doctor shewing his cleverness upon Tower-hill?
Yes.
Doctor Bossy?
Yes.
The prisoner was in that crowd?
Yes.
Was there not another man in the crowd that ran away at the time?
Yes.
And that other man has never since been heard of?
No.
I was talking with Mr. Dyer upon Tower-hill, and while we were talking together, I saw over his shoulder two men juggling together, just behind me; I turned round to Mr. Dyer, says I, look if you have got your pocket-book; he searched his pocket, and missed it; says I, then these two rascals here have got it, you may depend upon it; I caught hold of one of them, and Mr. Dyer caught hold of the other; and while I had hold of the man's arm, I saw the prisoner drop the pocket-book from under his coat; Mr. Dyer picked it up; the prisoner got from him, and ran away; the man that I had hold of got away from me entirely, and the prisoner was pursued and brought back, and carried to Mr. Cummings's and he went down upon his knees, and begged Mr. Dyer to forgive him, that it was his first offence.
Are you quite sure, that in this little struggle between Mr. Dyer and him, it might not have sell from Mr. Dyer?
No; I saw it fall from under his coat.
There was a great crowd at this time?
Yes.
You were looking at Dr. Bossy, I suppose?
No, we were twenty yards from them.
What distance might the prisoner be when you apprehended him, from where you were standing with Mr. Dyer?
Mr. Dyer caught hold of him upon the spot.
- I was passing over Tower-hill at the time this happened; when the prosecutor charged the prisoner with taking his pocket-book, I saw the pocket-book fall from under his coat immediately.
Were there many people by?
Yes, a great many at a little distance.
How near?
Perhaps twenty yards.
Are you quite clear it sell from the prisoner?
Yes, I am; I pursued him, and helped to conduct him to the officers.
- I was coming across Tower-hill; I heard a cry of stop thief; and the last witness knowing me to be an officer, gave me charge of the prisoner; that is all I know of it.
- I am a taylor; I have known the prisoner fourteen years; I never heard any thing amiss of him before.
