I am the wife of Bagio Amelia; I came from Minorca.
Where do you live?
Old Gravel-lane, No. 85 .
Did you lose any effects on the 13th of January?
I lost three table cloths, and a great coat of my husband's.
What house was it?
My own.
What time did it happen?
I was In bed on Tuesday night, and shut all the doors at twelve o'clock, me and my husband; I shut the street door, and the yard door, and the kitchen window I bolted at the top and bottom, and the street door I double locked.
How did you fasten the yard door?
With the bolts at the top and bottom, and the hatch.
How did you fasten the kitchen window?
That was bolted at the top and bottom, and the bar across. I was the last person up in the evening, and in the morning the yard was open. My husband was the first person, and the maid, that got up in the morning.
What business does your husband or you carry on?
I keep a lodging house .
What time did you get up in the morning?
Six o'clock.
Did you perceive any thing particular in your house?
I found the yard door open and the kitchen window open, the yard door was quite open, and the hatch was broke open, and the thing that catches the hatch was broke too, the bolt at top and bottom was not broke, only the hatch.
Was the wood broke?
No; but the lock was broke, the latch that catches the door.
With respect to the kitchen, how was that?
The kitchen window was not broke, because the prisoner opened the kitchen window the same manner I could do it myself, because when he got in he went down stairs.
What time did you get up in the morning?
At six o'clock.
Was it quite dark at that hour?
Yes, it was quite dark at that hour; I went down with a candle in my hand.
To Antoinette Amelia . Tell us what you know further respecting the loss of these goods?
I found two chests broke open down in the kitchen.
When had you last seen what were the contents of those chests?
The contents belonged to two failors, lodgers of mine at my house.
Do you know what was in them?
No, I don't know; but the clothes I know, because I see the men wear the clothes in the house.
Did you lose any thing of your own property,
I lost three table cloths, and a great coat of my husband's.
Are they here?
No, nothing here but the property belonging to the sailors, which the black had got on him.
Where do you lodge?
In the last witness's house.
Where was the chest?
In that house, in the kitchen.
What was in the chest that was lost?
Six shirts, and a pair of breeches, and a striped jacket, and a pair of stockings.
Which are the goods that are found?
He took them off the prisoner.
Where did you get these goods that you produce?
From that man's backside.
You need not be so correct as that. Do you mean that you got them from his person?
Yes.
What besides?
This cap from his head, these two shirts from under the bed where he laid; this handkerchief from his hand that was bloody.
When had you them from him?
Last Wednesday night, about seven o'clock.
Look at this property, and see what is your's?
pair of cloth trowsers and a cap.
These two shirts and handkerchief are mine.
When did you see them before they were taken?
About three days before.
To Chavaree. Where were these effects left that you lost?
Down in the kitchen, in a chest, and the chest locked.
When did you see them there last before you missed them?
I saw them about three or four days before.
Who had the key of your chest?
I had the key in my pocket on board the ship.
To Antoinette Amelia. Tell us how you connect this with the prisoner at the bar?
The prisoner at the bar was a lodger of mine before, he does not lodge with me not now, he was not a lodger when he robbed the house.
How long before had he left you?
I believe about a week before.
What makes you judge it was he that robbed your house?
When he robbed the house he left a pair of breeches of his own in the house.
Are they brought here?
They are not fit to be seen because he has done his business in them.
What steps did you take when the house was robbed?
I thought he was the person by the breeches that were left behind, and I employed two officers to go and catch him, and they catched him in a public house asleep.
When did you see the goods again?
I see the goods on the prisoner's back when the officers brought him before the justice.
By whom was you applied to, to apprehend this man?
By this lady and this man.
Where did you apprehend him?
I went up into Blue coat fields to a house in the parish of St. George's, by the information of that good man there that had his thumb partly bit off, and we see him there, and took him into possession, and brought him down to the office, but first before we went to the office we went up stairs to his lodgings, where he ran from, and took the prisoner at the bar with me, and found these shirts in the room.
You went to the house and found the prisoner at the door?
Yes.
You and the prisoner and all went up stairs
Yes.
Were they check shirts?
Yes, in the Spanish way; he went and sat down on the bed and I took this cap off his head. I took the breeches off his person at the office.
What made I do it, was because to-morrow it will be a week since they stripped me and turned me out of doors.
I was the man that found where he was, when I went up stairs, I found him rolled up in a blanket, and I took the blanket off his head to see whether it was him, and I found it was him, and he got up and knocked me down and bit the top of my thumb off, and I was obliged to go and get assistance.
That man catched hold of me by my throat as I lay asleep. The door I did not break, it was on a latch, and they robbed me of clothes that I gave them five pounds for.
