I am wife of Daniel Egan , I was in the country, I only speak to the property.
I was in Mr. Egan's house, in the City Road , the 24th of August, Sarah Devon was with me, the family was from home, I remember the house being attacked between four and six; I saw the man pass by the bar, as I was sitting there, (it is a public house,) and I went after him, and took a piece of linen cloth from him; it was the prisoner, he seemed to come from the stairs; I stopped him about fifty yards from the door; I do not know how he got into the house: I took care of the house with Sarah Devon , in the absence of the family. The cloth was taken from the bed room, two pair of stairs; I had seen it there, but it was more than a week or a fortnight before; I locked that room that day between twelve and one, I had not been in it afterwards, I had the key all the time in my pocket; I examined the door when the man was in the house in custody; the door had been unlocked not forced, the drawers had been wrenched open, and the things in the indictment taken from them. I saw all the things taken from the prisoner, I had seen them in the house before; I never saw the prisoner at the house but once before.
I assisted in looking over these things, I suspected the prisoner passing by; I told this last witness to follow him, she stopped him; I pulled a cloak out of his pocket, and I said it is my sister's cloak; he said, is it? I saw part of the things taken from him, but not all; I saw the shawl the day before on my sister's neck, when she went out of town she pulled it off dirty; it was up stairs, I never went up stairs, I took care of the bar.
I was going by the house at the time of the robbery, and assisted to apprehend the prisoner, and took these things out of his pockets, and picklock keys, and an iron crow. (The things deposed to.) I tried the door and drawers with the keys, and they opened them.
Did not you say that there were two men in the house of whom you had a strong suspicion?
Yes, two besides him, but they went away before him, and he watched them on the other side of the way.
I have no witnesses, I happened to go to Hoxton, and called in and had a pint of beer; I found the bundle with these things in the privy.
