- On the 10th of August I lost four yards of narrow woollen cloth, two yards of wide cloth, and ten kerseymere waistcoat-pieces; I am a clothier , in Yorkshire, when I am at home; I carried some goods into the house of John Shannon, it is a public-house, to endeavour to sell some goods; it was between five and six o'clock in the afternoon; I sat down, and was drinking a pint of beer; I was speaking to a gentleman in the corner, when somebody took away my things; I had placed them down by my side; I did not go away from them; I only turned my head to speak to a gentleman; I cried out about the loss of my goods, and the landlord said, if the goods were not found that night, I must be paid for them in his house; I saw the prisoner and the goods the next day at Lambeth-street office.
You were drinking with the prisoner at this house?
NO, I was not.
Were not you playing at shaking the hat?
No.
Not hustling any halfpence in a hat?
No, nothing of the kind.
You were pretty so so at that time?
No; they thought so, because I was in a passion at my goods being gone; I had had but two pints of beer.
Did you never happen to lose your bundle before, and have it returned again?
Yes; but I said, none of your fun here; I had a pint of beer afterwards, and the runner came and told me he had got him safe.
You were quite easy about it; you went after that and drank again?
Yes; I knew they were safe.
The man was stopped by Nash?
Yes.
Did not the landlord tell you this was a joke to frighten you?
No.
Were you ever acquainted with the prisoner before?
I never saw him before.
Was he in the house?
I did not see him in the house at all.
- I keep a public-house in St. John's, Wapping; the prosecutor was led into my house by two women; I was in bed at the time; I came down to tea, and about six o'clock I heard something the matter in the tap-room; I went, and saw the prosecutor crying a good deal; he said, he had lost his property; I went to the public-house that he said he had come from, before he came to my house, and he followed me out, and was so very drunk, and made such a noise, that I did not know what to do with him; I went a little further, and heard that the prisoner was taken going into his lodgings with the things, and he told the officer that the prosecutor had given him the things to take care of till the morning.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; he belongs to a coal-gang for landing of coals; he has worked out of my house eighteen months.
Does he frequent your house as a public-house?
Yes; he is a very hard-working man.
Did you see the prisoner in the house that day?
No.
Your house was pretty full?
Yes.
Is it not a common thing to play tricks with one another, and take their things away out of a joke?
Yes.
What are the wages of such a workman as the prisoner?
Sometimes 6s. or 7s. a day.
- I am a constable: On the 20th of August, I stopped the prisoner at the bar with the property in his possession, going into his lodgings; I asked him what he had got there, and he said he would take me to the person he had them from, and then he said he would not tell me where he got them he said he would not tell me where he got them from; he appeared to be very much in liquor; I took him to the office.
I believe the prisoner charged the prosecutor, as well as the prosecutor charged the prisoner?
No; I understood that the prosecutor bid him mind the things; I found the prosecutor at the prisoner's door, in company with a young man, a waterman, that lodges there; the prosecutor was so very much in liquor, that I do not think he hardly knew what he was saying.
The prosecutor and I were drinking together, and he was very much in liquor too; he desired me to take care of them while he went to sleep; he was very drunk, and I took them home to my lodgings; Mr. Nash followed me, and asked me where I got these things from, and I told him from Mr. Shannon's.
