I am a porkman: On Monday, the 25th of March, two sheets hung out to dry in the yard; I missed them on Tuesday morning, the 2d of April, and also four muslin aprons, a muslin handkerchief, a laced cap, a brass candlestick, and a pair of gold scales; I found one sheet at Mr. Clark's, No. 4, Golden-lane, he keeps an old iron and broker's shop, and has another house opposite, in the chandlery way; I went there along with the woman that stole them, Mrs. Duffin; there was my name upon the sheet, and the number; the other sheet I don't know, because it has no mark.
That sheet you got from Mrs. Clark?
Yes.
Did not you go with Mrs. Duffin to the prisoner's house, and say, she had pawned a sheet for eight-pence?
No.
Do you know a man of the name of Steel?
I have seen him once or twice.
Do you remember\\ send\\ ing him to that poor fellow to say, if he gave you ten shillings you would not prosecute him?
I did not; nor a hundred pounds, nor a thousand pounds.
I am a married woman, and have got three children, my husband is a carpenter; I happened to go into Mr. Emery's yard for some water, I lived in the parish eleven years, and was never guilty of such a thing before; it was about a fortnight before Easter, it was after ten o'clock at night, and I had had some words with my husband, and he had turned me out; I saw these things hanging to dry upon the line in the yard, and I took them, and also a candlestick out of the house, the same night; I sold them to Mr. Clark in his own shop, the very minute after I had taken them, the watchman was going eleven; I put them down in the parlour, upon a chair, and Mr. Clark took them and put them upon the counter; Mrs. Clark gave me three-pence, and told me to come in the morning and I should have some more; the next day his wife paid me four-pence more, which made seven-pence for the whole lot.
What were the things?
A pair of sheets only, then; the other things I sold to Mr. Clark the same week.
Did you sell a muslin apron?
No.
Any handkerchief, or cap?
No; there was a pair of gold scales, and a candlestick; I got two-pence for the candlestick, and two-pence for the scales.
How came you to tell Mr. Emery of it afterwards?
His wife was fretting about it, and I told her not to make herself so unhappy, for it was I that took them.
YOu know I was an old friend of your's at Clerkenwell?
Yes; I was at Clerkenwell.
This man was your friend, and you were kind enough to rob him for his kindness to you?
I took the things.
Don't you know, that by swearing against this poor man you save yourself from going to Botany Bay?
No, I don't know that.
I know nothing of this but hearing the confession of the last witness.
