I am a locksmith . The prisoner was my journeyman .
Did you lose three iron shovel pans,&c. all at one time?
I don't know. I was told that he made use of some cranks at a public house, and I went and looked, and there I found them, and I had a warrant to go and search his lodging.
What public house was it?
The sign of the Phoenix, at Chelsea, kept by one Allen.
Where do you live?
At Kensington.
In what manner did you find these bell cranks at the public house?
Made use at turng the bell with, fixed up.
You went on this to his lodgings?
Yes; on the 23d of May, Saturday.
How did you know them to be his lodgings?
Because I had been there to call him to his work sometimes. And there I found the articles in the indictment; the iron shoved pans have my marks; two pair of hinges, them I cannot swear to, but such hinges were in the warehouse where my pans were. They were locked up in a closet.
Who was present when the closet was opened?
The constable. Three keys are remarkable, that I can swear to by a particular make. I missed keys often, but I cannot swear but to three. I did not know these three were missing till I see them there.
Did you know the shovel pans were missing?
No.
Will you venture, from the observation you have made, to swear that the pans, and the keys are your property?
Yes, I can.
The keys were my own property that I brought out of the country with me.
I went down with the prosecutor to the prisoner's apartment, and in a closet by the side of a fire prace ( we found the closer locked, we demanded the key, and it was sent for) after we opened it we found these things. (Produced.)
How did you get it opened?
We sent for the key to the prisoner; the prisoner had the key.
Who brought you the key?
I think it was Mr. Rogers's man. I have kept them ever since in my possession.
To Prosecutor. On finding these things, did you go home and search your warehouse, and from that search can you say that these things were missing from your house?
I cannot really say, but I know the mark.
Did you ever authcrise the servants to take those things, or to sell them for you?
Never.
What is there singular about these keys?
The clumsiness about the throat; I had a dozen let made, and I did not like them at all.
Did you miss them out of the dozen?
I did.
You told me that on examining your house and shop, you could not miss any?
I thought you meant the shovel pans. I had only three keys left out of the dozen, and they were missing.
What became of the others?
I don't know.
Might not some of these keys with clumsy backs be sold in your business?
I don't know but they might. As to the pans we never fell them in this state, we join them to the handles.
The material goods I am accused of I brought up out of the country, being in business for myself, and the keys I brought from Woolverhampton, which I believe there are not such keys made in this part of the country, none of the kind.
To Prosecutor. Is there any thing in the appearance of the pans that you can say they did not come out of the country?
I am positive, because I bought them in London. He worked with me a twelve month, and I never found any thing amiss before.
