Was you ever before a court of justice?
I took an oath at Bow-street; I am fourteen next March; I have always been taught, that if I swore false, I should go to hell. I take care of a bookseller's shop , in Fleet-street.
Are you an apprentice?
No.
Whose shop do you take care of?
Mr. Davison's. I was coming home on Tuesday or Wednesday night, I think it was; it was between nine and ten, in July, I think the 27th, facing St. Clement's church; the prisoner crossed upon me in the Strand , and said to a man that was behind, Bob, this is not the way we are going; it was opposite to St. Clement's church-yard. The prisoner turned round, and fronted me, and held me in his arms, while the other man put his arms round my waist, and got hold of my watch-string; the other man that pulled at my watch-string ran away; the chain broke; I lost a steel watch-chain, all the chain went, and a stone seal set in metal gilt, and a watch-key and hook. I held the prisoner till Mr. Hutchinson took him from me; I had not seen them converse together before, nor had I seen the prisoner before. I was particularly careful that evening in keeping my coat over my fob. The prisoner held me down quite fast with his two arms round my body; he endeavoured to put them over my arms as much as he could. I held him by the leg till Mr. Hutchinson came up. People were passing but no tried Nobody interfered; the place was remarkably clear.
Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. Did not you say at Bow-street, that it was in the Strand, opposite St. Clement's church?
It was opposite the church-yard.
What you said at Bow-street was read over to you?
Yes.
And you signed it?
Yes. I might say St. Clement's church, being so very near the church; it was in the very narrowest part of the Strand.
He could not well get out of your way when he turned round?
He might have got out of my way.
He caught hold of you round the body?
Yes.
That he might do to save himself from falling?
Yes.
He was near falling, I believe?
Yes, he stooped a little; he did not fall; he was very near falling.
At this instant, you say somebody made a pluck at your watch?
Yes.
The person that snatched at your watch offered you no violence at all?
None at all.
This person was very near falling?
Yes, and he made me fall.
You have seen persons fall in like manner?
I have seen them fasten upon one another.
I am an oilman. I know the prosecutor. On Wednesday, the 27th of July, about nine in the evening, I was returning from Chelsea, and opposite St. Clement's church the prisoner was a little before this young man, and another behind him; this young man was in the middle, and another behind him; the prisoner turned round, and said, Bob, this is not our way home, we will go the other way; the prisoner turned round, and took hold of this young lad, and the other made a snatch at his watch. This young lad called out, my watch, my watch, murder, my watch. I tried to catch hold of the other, but he got away; then I took hold of the prisoner, while the prosecutor held him by the leg. While I was trying to catch the other, the prisoner begged hard to get away, and said, it was not him who robbed the lad. I at that time held him, and asked the churchwarden to go for a constable; he staid about half an hour, I held him all the time. The constable's name was Talboys. I went with them, and put the prisoner in the watch-house, and next morning he was taken before a magistrate.
Knowlys. Were there a great many persons passing at the time?
A great many.
The lad was moving towards him?
He was two yards from him.
The lad could hardly avoid running against him?
He could very easy avoid it.
Have you not seen that accident frequently happen?
Never.
Did not the prisoner at the bar almost fall?
No.
Indeed?
Indeed, not to my knowledge. When the lad laid hold of his leg, he jostled him.
Did you make any offer of this kind, the lad saying that he belonged to reputable connections, that you would discharge him if he could bring any reputable connections?
No.
Should you know the other man again?
Why, I could not swear to him; he was a short man, with a round hat.
Did the prisoner, at the time this happened, give any account of the other man?
He called him by his name, which is in the indictment.
I apprehended the prisoner; I received him from Mr. Hutchinson; I searched him, and found nothing on him.
I leave it to my counsel.
