I am a labouring man . On Witsun Eve, between the hours of four and five, the watch hung at my bed side; I was out in the garden, watering a few Windsor beans, I and my wife; I keep a little bit of a house in Friths-Gardens, close by the White Horse, Marshall-street, Westminster .
Was this woman a lodger in the house?
No, she worked opposite, making soldier's clothes.
Did you see her take it?
No.
Did you see it on her?
No I first knew it was missing about five o'clock, I saw it about ten minutes after four.
Have you ever seen it since?
Yes; I see it in the shop of Mr. Grayhurst, I believe he calls himself a jeweller, the 15th of June.
How soon after the day you lost it?
I believe it was three weeks.
Did you know your watch again?
Yes.
I suppose it is produced here?
It is.
Who has had the care of it since?
Mr. Grayhurst.
You did not see this woman in your house at any time?
I have seen her frequently come to light a candle.
Did you see her on the day of the robbery?
I don't know that I did; I cannot recollect so far as that.
My husband is a watchman; I take in washing; the prisoner lodged at our house.
Was she there on Witsun Eve?
Yes.
Do you know whether she was in the house of Mr. Wilson Witsun Eve?
I do not.
Is she a married or a single woman?
Single for what I know. The prisoner brought me the watch on Witsun Eve.
Should you know the watch again if you was to see it?
Only by a silver cap that I took very little notice of.
What time was she with you?
In the evening, between seven and eight. She told me that she and her brother had been at variance some time; that it was her father's watch, and her brother had given it her to make it up with her; she said she did not know much of the young woman that slept with her, and she was not coming home to sleep that night; she left it with me till Monday morning; she asked me to take care of it for her.
When did you give it her back again?
Monday morning, after breakfast. I did not see her from the time she gave it till then.
Did she return to your house on Monday?
Yes.
How long did she lodge there after that?
I believe for about a month; she had been looking after a young man, and he went into the Infirmery, and she said she had an opportunity of sleeping in the house where she had been looking after the young man.
I am a jeweller, I have a watch, my brother bought it, I was out of town.
Is your brother here?
No, he is in Scotland.
Is he subpoenaed?
No, he cannot.
How did you get that watch?
My brother left it in the care of me when he went out of town.
Have you kept it ever since?
Our man has, and he knows all about it, better than I do.
There are two Mr. Grayhursts, this gentleman and his brother. I came to the shop on the 26th of May last, and my master, Mr. Michael Grayhurst , that is now out of town, produced this watch to me, and asked me what I thought the watch was worth? after I had examined the watch I told him it was worth twenty five shillings; then he related the story to me, how he came to give thirty shillings for the watch. This is the watch, but I have made many alterations in it since.
I am a watch maker, I have repaired the prosecutor's watch frequently, and this is the watch.
How long ago is it since you repaired it?
March last; I have the name and number set down in my book, \"Price, London, 1752.\"	"a
I am a constable, belonging to the police office. Queen's-square. On the 15th of June, Monday John Wilson, the prosecutor, called and told me he had been robbed of a watch, and that the woman that had been seen with the watch, was then in Westminster. I went down to Frith's gardens, near the Horse Ferry road, where she was sitting at work, and took her into custody; I told her that she was accused of robbing John Wilson of a watch; I told her that she must come with me before the magistrate; coming along I told her that the magistrate was then sitting that committed her for the former offence, on that she told me that she was not guilty of the former offence, but she was of this.
Did you tell her what the charge was?
I did.
Did you mention the prosecutor's name?
I did, I asked where the duplicate was? she said she had not pledged it, she had sold it.
Did you make her any promise?
No; she wished to speak to Wilson; I told her I would speak to the magistrate, that she should speak to him before the magistrate.
Then you did not recommend her to do it?
I did not, her friend did that was in the house, but I did not say any more than what I tell your lordship.
I understand that this conversation with you, was as you was going along?
Yes.
Then what the person said, that it would be better to confess, was after?
No, it was before, in the place where I apprehended her, but I did not say any thing to her then.
To Curtis. Can you say with certainty that that is the watch that she said she had received of her brother?
I don't know any further of it, only it had a silver plate at the top.
