How old are you?
Thirteen the 11th of May.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
Yes, I shall go to the Devil if I tell a lye.
I live with Mr. Garrard; a linen draper , in Watling street; I am not an apprentice; I have lived with him about two months; on the 9th of January, I was going to Mr. Bowman's, in Whitechapel ; about two o'clock when I went from home; I went to Whitechapel directly; I had two pieces of callico and one piece of print; I went into a shop in Whitechapel, to ask my way, and a man there said, he was going to the house, and he would shew me; I do not know who the man was; he is not here; the man took me down some entries, some alleys; then another man came running down from a public house; the man took me down ever so many turnings; then they had me down some more entries; they asked me to let them feel the weight of my parcel, and they did so; then one took hold of my arm, while the other took away the things from me.
Are either of those two men here?
One of them is cast.
Then you do not know the other man?
No, Sir, I do not think he is the right man, or he is altered very much since; the one that held me, took away a letter which I had in my hand for Mr. Bowman; he took and tore it almost open, and then he gave it me again; and then he swore at me because I would not go after the man that took my parcel; but he shewed me a wrong way; after that I ran out into the streets, and I met a patrole; the other man staid behind; and he and another man had me home, upon my telling them what had happened: I saw one man again, when he was caught; it was the next morning; he was at a public house for me to pick him out; I saw this prisoner at the Counter the morning after he was caught; I never saw him before I went to the Counter; I do not know what day it was; I cannot swear that the prisoner is one of the men; I swore to the other man: the callicoes were all in one large parcel with a wrapper over them.
Was the man that you swore to, the man that held you, or the man that took away your parcel?
The man that held me, that is the man I swore to before.
I am assistant to the patrole of Aldgate; on the 19th of January last, this boy came to me in Petticoat-lane, and told me he had been robbed, and I went with him to the constable; and I went with the boy to his master's: the boy gave me information of a thin faced pretty faced boy, very slim, and therefore I gave the name of the prisoner; but I cannot swear to him.
On the 19th of last month, the boy and the patrole came to me; and I sent the patrole to the boy's master's; the boy described two men, one with a white jacket, and the other with a striped coat; I took three men out of a house in Wellford street, the Duke's Head, on Monday; I brought them, to the Castle public house; I mixed them and sent to the boy to pick out his men; he picked out, the man in a white jacket, who was convicted.
There is no evidence, Gentlemen.
