I am a baker; I am a servant to Mr. Stebbing's, Dorset-street; I was serving my master's customers in Brown's-lane, Spitalfields, Saturday last, and I saw a basket turned down, a baker's basket, in Brown's-lane, with the face against the wall, I see a man standing by it, he did not appear like a baker, I had some suspicion; in the space of a minute or two I see him pull the basket on one side, and take out of the basket one half peck, and a quartern, two loaves, he had a sack at his back at the same time, that had bread in it; he took them under his arm, and walked away, he walked a hundred yards, and I stopped him with it; I followed him, I asked him where he was going with that bread? he said what was that to me; I told him I did not think that he had any right to take it; he said yes, he had; says I if you have it is all very well, but I don't think you have, therefore I shall detain you on suspicion; and he came back with me to the basket, and he went to put it into the basket; no, fays I, we will stop here till the man comes who belongs to the basket; he said he should not stop, I insisted on stopping him, I detained him myself, and while I was detaining of him the owner came up, his name is Flashman. First of all I asked the prisoner if he knew the basket; he said he did.
Was the prisoner the man that you have been speaking of all this time?
Yes, Then I asked him do you know the man belonging to the basket? he said he did; says I, tell me who he is, perhaps I may know him; he said he should not tell without he liked; says I, what is the objection, if you are right you may as well tell me as not; says he it is George, at Mr. Lawson's, Bishopsgate-street; very well says I, if it is Mr. Lawson's, Bishopsgate-street, it is all very well. I kept him there till this man came to the basket, when he came up to the basket I asked him if he was Mr. Lawson's man? he said no; says I do you know this man; says he I don't know him; he owned the basket, and the bread, and the prisoner was secured; I asked him where he lived? he said in Church-street, Bethnal Green.
Ask him wheather I had any bread in the bag or not, and whether I had forsook the basket or not when he detained me?
He had.
I am a servant to Mr. Renvoize.
Was you out with the bread this day?
Yes.
On Saturday last where had you left your basket?
In Brown's lane.
Why did you leave it there?
I went down to Duke-street with bread out of it.
When you left your basket was it standing up, or turned down?
It was turned down to the wall.
Is that your usual way of leaving it?
Yes.
How long was you absent before you heard any thing?
About a quarter of an hour, I took bread out for four customers, and one customer detained me out long.
When you came back what did you see?
This young man asked me if the basket was mine? I says, yes.
Did Mangs shew you any bread?
He shewed me a quartern, and a half peck.
Did you know that bread?
Yes.
Was there any marks on it?
Yes.
Was it part of the bread that you had in your basket?
Yes.
Was it your master's bread?
Yes.
How many more loaves had you in this basket?
Seventeen.
Ask him whether he owned the bread when he first come to the basket?
Yes. I did.
I had been to by some bread, being Saturday, I went to buy what would serve me nearly the week, I paid a shilling and a halfpenny for five three-penny stale loaves, coming along this place I made rather a stumble, and stumbled against this basket, these two loaves were on the top of the basket, and they fell down, and this man came by, and wanted me to pick up the bread, and I picked up the bread, and laid it on the basket, and he said now I will stop you till the man comes, who owns the basket; and the officer that took me I took him to Smith's, of whom I bought the bread, and he owned that I bought the five loaves of him, before the officer; the man was here yesterday, but God knows whether he is now here or no.
