I am the wife of John Bardrick, a day labouring man ; I fastened up my house on the 15th of August, about eight o'clock.
Doors and windows?
Yes; properly; I returned again between eleven and twelve, I was the first that returned into the house, and I found a little bit of glass taken out of the window, there was an upright staff before the casement, which was broke off; I had put the key of my chamber-door into the tea-chest, and locked it, and put the key into my pocket; I found the key of the chamber-door gone out of the tea-chest, and my room-door unlocked; and the box that I put my cloaths in, was broke open; I lost a cotton gown, worth sixteen shillings, a red cloth cloak, worth twelve shillings, a muslin handkerchief, worth one shilling, a little red and white handkerchief, worth 6d. about three shillings and two-pence in halfpence, a stamped dollar, and four shillings in silver, a cloth coat, a pair of corderoy breeches, my husband's hat, a silk handkerchief, and a hamper with my husband's name upon it, J. B.; I had seen them all in the morning before I went out, and between eleven and twelve o'clock they were brought to my orchard-gate; I saw the red cloak at the top of it, but did not examine it till we got to Mr. Chaovel's, the Justice's; the hamper was so full that it would not shut down, and we saw the red cloak and the flannel petticoat at the top; we found at the Justice's all the things we missed.
- I am a constable;
I know these are my husband's clothes, a dog bit him and tore his breeches, and there was a piece put in, that makes it very particular; this is my cloak, it is worth twelve shillings, I am sure it is mine, it cost me twenty shillings; the dollar was found in these breeches pocket, there are two very remarkable shillings amongst this money that I know them by.
This is my coat and hat.
Did you see these things at the Justice's?
Yes.
Are you sure they are the same?
Yes; as soon as I saw the prisoner, I said to him, where are the rest of the things, where is the dollar that is missing, and he said, here are all your clothes and all your money, and every thing that I have taken, and never a lock broke; he said he had not taken the dollar at all.
What is your coat worth?
Twelve shillings; the hat is worth two shillings, and the breeches, eight shillings.
I saw the hamper taken out of the ditch.
Was it opened by any body before it was carried to the Justice's?
No, I do not think it was; he said he would shew us where these things were, and they were taken out of the ditch.
Were those the words, that he would shew you where the things were?
Yes.
When the hamper was taken out, did you see any thing particular?
Only the red cloak and the petticoat.
They took seven shillings and six-pence from me in silver, and I think two shillings and eight-pence in halfpence, which was my own, that I had had in change out of the half-guinea that I had of my sister.
