I am servant to Messrs. Palmers, grocers , in Fenchurch-street , the prisoner was in their service: On the 25th of February last, in consequence of some information, I went to the prisoner's house with a search-warrant; we found some moist sugar, some currants, candles, some bags, and a quantity of hazle-nuts; there was a mark upon the bag of\"Lot 49, Norfolk;\" it was a bag that came to Mr. Palmer's premises upon the 7th of August; and and there were some pieces of candles that appeared to be cut in two, they were sluted candles that Mr. Palmer had bought at a sale a very short time before; and some tea in a drawer; the bag I can swear is Mr. Palmer's property; but the candle and tea I cannot, because there might be other candles similar to them; it was about noon that we searched the house; after that, I saw the prisoner driving Mr. Palmer's cart up Snow-hill.
Had he access to the place where this sugar was deposited?
Yes. We followed him to Leadenhall-street, opposite the India-House; we called him, and took him to a public-house, and then to the Public-office, Lambeth-street; but in going to the Office, in the coach, from our house, we discovered a quarter of hundred bag under his shirt, it was a paper bag, he was taking a book out, which pulled his shirt a little open, and I saw this bag; it was an empty bag, made similar to some that we have; we searched him at the public-house in Lambeth-street, and found a quantity of sugar in his breeches, and some in his inside pockets, or somewhere about him, but I know the officers took a quantity out of his breeches, some in brown paper bags, and some in handkerchiefs; I told him it would be better for him to confess it.
This bag had\"Lot 49, Norfolk,\" marked upon it?
Yes.
Did you write that yourself?
No.
Your bags, I take it, are all marked alike in your warehouse?
In different lots.
Do you not know these bags were frequently lent out to any of the servants to take goods home from the warehouse?
They may sometimes take a bag to take things out in.
I am an officer; on the 25th of February, in company with Mr. Robinson, I went to search the prisoner's house, (producing a bag, and some fluted candles)
This is Mr. Palmer's bag; the candles are very uncommon ones, Mr. Palmer bought them at a sale at the King's warehouse; they came from America.
There were a great many others sold at the same sale?
I cannot say.
I am a porter to Mr. Palmer; this is Mr. Palmer's bag, it has my mark upon it.
In your warehouse the bags are very often lent out for the men to take home any thing in?
To take any thing out of my master's, or to bring them in; when we wanted a bag, we had it.
In point of fact, had not you, before this time, lent him this bag?
I can't say to that bag; I might have lent him other bags.
