I am a servant to Mary Steele ; she keeps a livery stable , she lost a man's saddle; I did not see the prisoner take it, I took the saddle from the horse's back myself, and I hung it up in the place where I usually do; it was lost on Thursday night, the 13th of this month; it was between that and Friday I missed it; on Friday the next morning; I went to the stable about half after four, and missed it, and I saw it again in about two hours, it was in Sprigg's hands, an officer; the saddle is here.
He said at the justices that he left it out till such a time in the morning.
The prisoner at the bar was brought to the watch-house, seemingly very much in liquor, about half after four on Thursday morning, it was when the Wednesday night was over; the man has made mistake as to the day; there was nothing brought with him but this tinder box; he was brought into the watch-house assisted by two or three watchmen, there was nothing against him at that time; he remained in the watch-house till about four o'clock, our watch was very near coming in then; we told him to withdraw, we thought he might be tolerably sober by that time; I went out to see after the watchmen whether they were doing their duty, and I met the prisoner coming up Bedford-row with the saddle on his back, I went up to him, and I said to him, my friend what do you do with that saddle on your back? how came you by it? says he, what is that to you? I said, it is to me; says I, how did you come by it? says he, you may take the saddle; says I, I shall take the saddle and you too; with that I took him to the watch-house, both him and saddle, and I sent to Mrs. Steele's yard, who keeps a livery stable the top of Bedford-row, and the last witness came and said it was the property of Mrs. Steele; he came much about five o'clock. I have had it in my possession ever since. The hostler brought it here this morning; I gave it him this morning, but I kept it till then. (The saddle produced and deposed to by Hind.)
I know it is Mrs. Steele's property; I know it by the button of the saddle, it is a very broad large button; we have had it about a year and half; I am quite sure of it.
When you went back did you find such a saddle was missing before you was sent for?
I found this saddle was missing before I was sent for.
What is you mistress's christian name?
Mary. It was taken out of the yard.
Was the yard or any part broke?
It was open that time of the morning; there were carriages come in just before.
The thing was, I was very much tipsey that night; I saw that saddle lay down by the wall, and I took it up, and I did intend to carry it to the watch-house, but before that, this man met me, and I thought as he had took care of me he might take care of the saddle. As to that thing the tinder box, he need not have brought it, that I had for the convenience of getting a light.
Was he drunk when you met him?
He was very much drunk at half past twelve, but he was sober then.
Did he give any account but what you have mentioned?
No, he told me I might take the saddle; I told him I should take the saddle and him.
