Are you bound to make good any thing that is booked?
Yes.
Was this box of soap booked?
Yes.
By you?
Yes; it came on Friday the 24th of January, about eleven o'clock in the day, I put it under a shed in the yard, I missed it between eight and nine, Monday night the 27th.
Did you see the prisoner take it?
No.
Did any body else see the prisoner take it?
No, not that I know of.
What did you do when you missed it?
I applied to the constable and he brought me intelligence the next day and I saw it at the office house the day after I lost it, on Tuesday morning, the officer had taken it, Joseph Green, he lives in Goodman's fields.
How do you know that to be your box that you saw with the soap?
I can swear to it by the directions on it, Mr. Sexton, Ware, Hartford.
I am a carman to Samuel Cleves, soap boiler.
Did you ever deliver a box of soap to the Catherine-wheel-inn?
Yes; on the 24th of January, I paid two-pence for booking of it, and saw the book keeper book it.
What day of the week was it, do you remember?
Friday.
Should you know it again if you was to see it?
Yes.
Where was it to go?
To Ware, in Hertford, it was to go on Saturday, but they had more goods than they could take that day, and so it was left till the next week.
It was so.
I am a constable of the City. On the 27th of January last, in the evening about twenty minutes before nine, going down Houndsditch I saw a coach stop at the corner of Gravel-lane, I was then on the same side of the way, when I saw the coach stop there I got the other side of the way, and I saw this man here packing this chest out of the coach.
he was not coachman, was he?
No, I don't know that he was, the coach drove off without him, he then rested it on the posts at the corner, being so heavy, and the weather at that time was very slippery; he took it part of the way down Gravel-lane, and two more with him, I followed them, it being so heavy he let it fall once from his back, he then took it up again, I went up to him, and insisted on knowing what he had got, and how he came by it? he told me that a man gave him a shilling to bring it out of Bishopsgate-street; I asked him where he was going to take it? he told me he was going to take it to Winfield-street; I told him he could not afford to have a coach out of a shilling for carrying of it; in consequence of that I stopped him; the soap was ordered by the Lord Mayor to go, but here is the box it was in, I can swear to.
How came the man of the inn to know any thing about it?
Mr. Sapwell and I enquired at every inn there, and I found that they had lost it; I gave notice to Mr. Ager, and they came to my house and owned it; that was on Tuesday.
As I was coming down Bishopsgate-street, there was a gentleman came to me and asked if I would earn a shilling.
Is that the box that you lost?
It is, the name is wrote on it in full length.
He said it was to carry this box to the second turning, the upper end of Houndsditch, and if he was not there to carry it to Winfield-street, and as it was slippery to put it in a coach to carry it to Houndsditch; when I came to Houndsditch, as he was not there I was going to carry it to Winfield-street; they took me into custody at that second turning; there was nobody with me to have any witness.
What may be the value of it?
Four guineas.
