I am a foreigner, a Frenchman; I live in the house of Mr. John Berridge; he is a hackney-coachman; I lodge at Mr. Berridge's; I saw the prisoner take a watch and the other things in the indictment from the house of Mr. Berridge; I was at home the night of the robbery; I lodged in the next room to the hay-loft; in the morning, when I got up, I found I had lost a watch and all the rest of my things; I saw them a few days after.
I am a coachman ; I lodge in the same room with the last witness, my fellow- servant ; I lost the things in the indictment the night of Friday; I took them from the prisoner, whom I saw the next day, between five and six in the evening; he had the coat, shirt, waistcoat, and stockings, on; the stockings were mine; and he had a gold watch about him, and the lace off a hat; we took him at a publick-house, and he took us where the rest of the things were, and we found the things at No. 4, or 5, in Garden-lane; the prisoner had been hostler in the yard about six weeks before.
I belong to the office in St. Martin's-street; I took the prisoner, with the property; I found this duplicate on the prisoner.
I am a pawnbroker's servant; I produce a box-coat belonging to this duplicate; it is my hand-writing; I received it from the prisoner; I have no doubt of him; but I never saw him before that time; he pawned it on Saturday, the 16th of July, about eight in the morning.
I keep this house and stable-yard, in Whitcombe-street ; the prosecutors lodged with me; I know of no violence to the house; I heard of the robbery on Saturday morning, the 16th of July; I assisted in taking the prisoner, and the things on him, as described; and the other articles were found according to Fitzwater's description and the prisoner's directions; the prisoner lodged with me, and behaved very honest.
Is not the coat the property of Mr. Saintsoire?
Yes.
These four shirts are not worth above 6 s.
On Saturday, the 16th of July, I was in Parliament-street, between seven and eight, and I bought these things of a man that appeared to be a Jew, and gave him 5 l. 15 s. for them; I put some of them on, and pledged the coat in the evening, being distressed.
Court to Fitzwaters. What did he say?
He said he hoped we would take compassion on him, and take the things back again; he said nothing about the Jew.
