I live in Adam-street, Adelphi . The prisoner came to live with me as a footman early in February last, this time twelvemonth, and continued till the latter end of August: on the morning of Friday, the 28th of August, while the prisoner was with me, intending to go out of town on the Sunday, I ordered the prisoner to examine my plate, with a list, with my clerk; when I returned home about two o'clock, it was not done; and I desired it might be ready against my return, which would be about four o'clock, that I might examine it myself; I returned about four, and rang the bell for the prisoner; he came up stairs; and I asked him why he had not brought up the plate chest; he desired me not to ask him; I asked him his reason; he begged of me not to ask him his reasons, nor to ask him; I told him I must examine it, and send it, as usual, to the bankers: he was extremely agitated and confused, and begged I would not ask him; in short I suspected all was not right, and even before that: I then desired he would go down and bring up the chest; he hesitated greatly, but at last said he would go down stairs, and bring up the chest, and give me an account of what he had disposed of; he went down stairs into his own room: I waited twenty minutes; he did not come up; I then rang the bell; nobody answered; I went into his room; he was not there; I went down into the kitchen, below his room, and enquired for him: I did not not find him: he was gone: the plate chest was there, but I could not find the key: then I sent for his father-in-law; and in his presence we found the key, in the pocket of a jacket of the prisoners, which he had left behind; and on opening the chest there was no plate at all: I saw the plate we had commonly in use the day before; but the spoons in the indictment, within a fortnight; they are large gravy spoons; I saw them within a fortnight in use. In consequence of advertisements from the publick-office, I had information of the greatest part of the plate, and those two spoons the day after I missed them; they were produced at Bow-street by a person of the name of Batt, servant to a pawnbroker; they were delivered to me afterwards by order of Sir Sampson: I can say these are two of my spoons, that were in the care of the prisoner; they are marked with my crest: the prisoner was not apprehended till within this three weeks; some time after, in October or November, I returned from the country; and then I summoned the different pawnbrokers.
How long had the prisoner lived with you?
Seven months: I trusted him rather more than I should have done, because he had married a servant of mine.
Did you know that at that time his wife and him were in considerable distress?
I believe very far from it; if they had I should have been very ready to have relieved them; I have since he went away.
On the 28th of August last Mr. Wilkinson was going out of town; he desired me to look at the plate, by the inventory, to examine it with the prisoner, that it might be sent to the bankers; I went down into the kitchen, and told the prisoner, and asked him for the key of the plate chest; he said he was going out, but would return presently; before he returned I was obliged to go out; and when I returned he let me in, and begged I would step down to his pantry, for he wanted to speak to me; he said he was ruined, unless I could stand his friend; I told him any thing I could do, in my power, I would with pleasure; he hesitated telling me; and I asked him if his wife or child was ill, or was he arrested? he answered, no, it was worse than that: I then asked him if all the plate was right? he shook his head, and burst out a crying; I asked him if he had pawned it? he said, yes.
Before you asked him if he had pawned it, did you give him any expectations of favor?
No, Sir; and I asked him to what amount? he told me if he had his wages, and if I could lend him ten or twelve guineas more, he should be able to redeem it; or if he could go out for an hour or two, he believed he had a friend who would give him the money; I told him it was out of my power to lend him so much money, but if he would shew me the duplicates, to see what was missing, and give me the duplicates, and then go out and try to get the money; he said, he was afraid his master or mistress might want him; I told him I thought it a very serious matter, and he had better let me see what was missing, and leave the duplicates, and begged him to open the chest; he rather hesitated, and immediately Mr. Wilkinson came in; I told him I had not an opportunity to examine the plate, but that I had every reason to believe it was not all complete, and referred it to him. I went into the city about some business, and returned rather before six or after; when I returned the prisoner was gone; and his father-in-law came, as Mr. Wilkinson sent for him; then in his jacket pocket I found the key of the plate chest; I opened the chest before Mr. Wilkinson and his father-in-law; and there was nothing in it: I never saw the prisoner since, till now.
I did live at Mr. Brown and Dixon, pawnbrokers. On the 26th of August I took in two gravy spoons, of a man, whom I believe to be the prisoner, but I am not certain to him, in the name of John Williams ; I lent one guinea and a half on the spoons; I did not ask him, at that time, how he came by them: I did not see any thing more of him till I saw the prisoner, about a month ago, at Bow-street: I was sent for; and they told me the man was taken up: I believe I had seen the person who pawned the spoons with me twice before: I believe the prisoner now to be that person; I had rather a doubt at Bow-street; he was very much altered in his dress and appearance; he was dressed like a gentleman, when he came to me; the first time I saw him I took in a silver waiter, and he said it was his; it had a cypher on it, A. W. I believe he had been with me from April to August. Two days after I took in those two spoons, a handbill came in; I read it over, and thought it was some of this plate: I shewed it first to Mr. Dixon, then to Mr. Brown: the two spoons I delivered up at Bow-street.
I believe these to be the spoons.
I leave it to my counsel.
