I am a leather seller , I live in Bishopsgate-street . On the 29th of December, I lost eighteen black basils; they are sheep skins tanned in bark, and then blacked afterwards.
When had you seen them last before?
About ten minutes before I lost them, they laid on the counter; I had not finished taking stock, I had been taking stock three or four days before, and had not finished; I was reading in the back part of my counting house, at the back part of my shop, I heard somebody, I did not know at the time but it might be somebody in the shop; I went afterwards and I saw a lad in the shop, with a man having hold of him, with a bundle of leather under his arm.
Who was that lad?
The lad at the bar; the man asked me if I had given this lad these skins? I told him no, I had not, they were my property.
This was said in the boy's presence?
It was. The man said he saw two of them go into the shop.
You secured your effects?
Yes, I did, they are here.
On the 29th of December, Saturday evening, I was going down Bishopsgate-street I heard this lad and another along with him, swearing very much, and it took my attention very much, I turned round to hear what they were saying, I thought they were going to break the watchmaker's window, next door to Kirkham's, instead of that they turned and went into Mr. Kirkham's shop.
You see them go in?
Yes, he and another; he went in, and the other held the door open while this lad went in; there was a bundle of loose skins all lay on the counter, and he took them up, as much as he could in his arms; as soon as he came out I took him up in my arms immediately, and carried him into the shop, Mr. Kirkham came forward, he had said the gentleman of the shop had ordered him to carry it somewhere.
You acquainted Mr. Kirkham with all you had seen?
Yes.
To Prosecutor. Produce the skins? Are these the skins that were taken from the boy?
Yes, they are, I believe, I have not looked at them since; they are here, I examined them before the constable took them into his possession; they have my shop mark on them.
And these are the goods that were taken from the boy?
They are.
Where is the constable?
He is out at the door, his name is Bailey.
Are these the goods that were put into your possession by Mr. Kirkham?
Yes.
You delivered them into the court?
Yes.
You kept them in the same condition as when delivered to you?
Yes.
They have been in your custody ever since?
Yes.
On Monday the 29th of December, about ten minutes past seven in the evening I was going down Bishopsgate-street, just by the Marine Society, and I saw the witness, Hembury, catch hold of the prisoner, within about a couple of yards of Mr. Kirkham's shop, with the skins under his arm, eighteen skins; I imme diately catched hold of him too, and I with the witness, Hembury asked him where he was going with them? he said he was sent out, or sent for them, I am not sure which; I with the witness, Hembury, took the lad into the shop, and Mr. Kirkham came from a back room, from his counting house, and we asked him if he knew any thing about them? he said they were his property, but he had not sent the boy out with them; I kept the skins till the constable came, and then I delivered them to the constable; after the lad was taken to the Compter, the skins were all marked by the witness who took the lad with me, and I kept possession of them till the constable came back from the Compter, where he had taken the lad.
