I live in North-row, Hanover-square . I am a coachman .
On the 3d of January (I am a washerwoman) I was hanging these things on the line in a passage, opposite the front kitchen door.
Had they all been washed?
Yes.
What time had you seen them there?
Did you do any thing?
She called to me, and asked me if I had taken my things off the line? I said no. She was at the door.
When did you see your things again?
In about an hour afterwards. I heard the prisoner come into my house before Mrs. Watson called to me.
Was the outer door left open?
It was that, but I took no notice.
You saw nobody go out of the house, or the things?
No.
When was it you saw the things again?
It was not half an hour before I saw the things.
In whose possession were they?
Did he bring the prisoner back with the things?
Yes, in about half an hour.
All the things were taken off the line?
Yes.
They were the things brought back that you missed?
They were, they are here.
I heard a stumbling on the stairs, and immediately I run out of my own apartment, and saw a stranger on the stairs, and followed him to the kitchen door.
Had he any thing with him?
Not that I observed, he had an apron on, folded up, a blue apron, I went up immediately to the door after him, I followed him up the stairs, I was below stairs, he went about twenty yards very gently, and then he took to running; I called to the coachman that lived quite opposite,
I called to him, and asked him if he knew the fellow that went out? he said no; I went back and asked the gentlewoman if she had taken the things off the line? she said no, and I called to the coachman to pursue him.
Did you go with him?
I did not.
Did you see him apprehend the prisoner?
I did not see him take him, but I him bring him back to the house.
Was that person that was brought back, the same person that you saw on the stairs?
I did not see his face when he went out, but when he came back the clothes were brought back with the man.
The last witness gave me an alarm, I see the prisoner come out of the house, I pursued him, he walked about ten or twenty yards, and then he set off a running, I laid hold of him, but before I laid hold of him, I went over to the house from my stable, and hearing the things were gone, I set off after him, up into Park-lane, and there I saw him in Park-lane, just as I first saw him he looked about, whether he saw me I cannot say, but he set off again running, and turned up Brook-street; there were a quantity of people that he had just passed, when I first saw him I did not halloo to any of these men, because I knew there was no turning that he could turn into, that I could miss him, because I thought he should not throw the property away, that I might catch him with it, then I catched him in Brook-street, and brought him back to the house.
They are Ralph Woodford's, I wash for him, the others are a gentleman's servant, I am sure they are the same things I lost.
I was going down to Pimlico after some grains for my master, as I was going down Park-lane I saw a man throw these things down, and he told me to take them up, and I jumped up and took him, and called that man to take them, and ran after him to take him, and that gentleman there ran after me, and took me.
