I lost a pair of womens leather shoes, the 11th of June; I am of no mechanical profession; I lost them on Tuesday when I went to dinner, the prisoner at the bar came in with a stick in her hand; I live in Cheese-court, Mary-le-bone; the stick was about the length of a boy's foot, and asked if I had a pair of boys shoes that answered to the size of that? I said, no; there were several shoes laying in the window, I had bought some to sell again, and several pair of them womens; she went away again; then after dinner I went out on business, there was an old woman that I have for an house-keeper, I left her behind with four children which I have; and this old woman, the prisoner, returned when I was gone; when I returned home again this woman was in custody in my little parlour, with some neighbours; I see a pair of my shoes in the possession of a neighbour, Francis Murray .
Did you ever see me in the shop, or did you ever see me touch a shoe belonging to you?
I am a smith. I have got a pair of womens shoes. On the 11th of this month I was called out by a woman, and they told me that a woman had stole a pair of shoes of Mr. Cooling; I followed the woman to the top of the court where he lives, Cheese-court, and I saw the woman lay down something on the steps of Mr. Scotland's door, a vine vaults there, I was about the length of this court off, a woman followed the prisoner likewise; when I came up I saw the woman pick up the shoes at the place where the other put them down, the other woman is not here, I see her pick them up, and the woman she delivered up the shoes to me, and desired me to take care of them I brought them, and have kept them ever since. I brought the woman, the prisoner, back again to Mr. Cooling's house; and when he came home I shewed him the shoes, in the presence of the prisoner; and he said they were his shoes; and she told me that she would wish to speak to the man that belonged to the house, because she had spoke to him before.
Ask that gentleman when he came to me in the middle of the street, and when he said stop that woman, he and another naked man with him, whether he saw me have the shoes?
I did not see the shoes in her hand, but I saw her lay something down, and when I came up I saw that they were the shoes, and I saw another woman pick them up. (The shoes deposed to by Cooling, by the mark which he made himself on them a fortnight before.)
Were these shoes in the room when the woman came in and asked you for a pair of boys shoes?
They were; they laid in the shop window; they were womens shoes.
I was coming down the street by the butchers market, Oxford-road, this man and another little naked shoemaker, followed me, and said, stop that woman; and they stopped me, and I said what have I done? they said, you have stole them shoes; I said I had not a farthing in my pocket; says he, you are a liar; says he, you put them shoes down; says I, I have not, I know nothing about them; says he, where do you live? I told him. Then he took me to that gentleman's house, and when that gentleman came in they took me to Marlborough-street, and there they kept me. I never saw them shoes if it was the last word I was to speak.
Did you see the other woman take them up from the ground?
I did.
