My wife keeps a little cook's shop.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I remember seeing a person that answers to her description going out of the house, she had a large hair broom under her arm; I did not suspect her.
Did you know her before that?
No. Thomas Hodgkins and John Barnes they both lodge in my house.
What do you know of the sheet and copper candlestick? did you miss them?
I did.
Where was the sheet?
On the bed; the candlestick one of the young men had it to light him to bed; I believe, to the best of my knowledge, John Barnes.
Did you ever employ the prisoner at your house?
No, never.
What time of the day was it you saw her go out?
Between twelve and two at noon, on the 30th of December.
When did you see the woman afterwards?
I see her the next day when I took her.
Are you sure the woman you took was the same woman that you saw go out of the house?
I could not swear to it because it was through a glass partition. The sheet and candlestick are not found, but the other property, belonging to my two lodgers.
Were your things found?
Yes, one pair of boots belonging to me, and one pair of stockings.
Where did you lose them from?
From my lodgings, on the 30th of December; I saw the things the morning I lost them.
Are they here?
The pawnbroker has them.
Was you at home when they were stole?
No, I was at work.
I have got a pair of boots and a coat, the prisoner at the bar brought them to me.
Are you sure it was the prisoner?
Yes.
What did she pledge them for?
For four shillings.
Did she tell you how she came by them?
No, she did not.
Had she ever pledged any thing with you before?
Yes, she had, as much as once or twice before.
When was it she pledged them?
On the 30th of December, to the best of my recollection about three o'clock.
Do you know where Thompson's house is?
No, I do not.
to Thompson. Where do you live?
In Ray-street, Clerkenwell .
to Wells. How far are you from Ray-street?
In Turnmill-street, about a quarter of a mile, not farther.
These boots are mine, I know them by the marks that the boot maker wrote in them.
What is your employment?
I am a carpet weaver , but I was in a boot club.
What marks have you on the stockings?
I had an accident a few nights before I lost them, I ripped a hole on the instep, and my washer woman darned it up.
I am a dealer in Rag Fair , I have dealt in Rag Fair for seven years past; these here things I bought about four o'clock in the afternoon, and I was in a great hurry to get home after I bought them, having three children at home, and when I came home, a gentleman's servant in Red Lyon-street, brought me a few things to buy, and I had not money enough to buy them till I pledged these things; I bought these things in Rag Fair, in a lump, and gave nine shillings and two-pence for them, the woman wanted nine shillings and six-pence; I told her I could not give that to get a shilling by them; she said if I would give nine shillings and a quartern of gin I should have them; I told her I would give her nine shillings and two-pence, and I would give no more, and I gave her that for them.
To Wells. How far is Rag Fair from your house?
I cannot say, a mile, or a mile and half.
