I live with Mr. Dale, a stable-keeper , in Chiswell-street ; I am his head hostler. On the 22d of November, about half past four in the afternoon, the prisoner came to our stables, and called hostler; he asked whether Mr. Richardson had not a horse stood there at livery? I replied, yes; he said, Mr. Richardson have recommended me for a horse at any time; I told him I knew Mr. Richardson, but that he was out of town; yes, the prisoner said, he went out of town on the Sunday before; he said, he wanted a horse to go to Low Layton; and on his saying he came from Mr. Richardson, I let him have a horse; he again said he wanted a horse to go to Low Layton, on particular business; he should return about eight o'clock in the evening; nothing was said about the price; I lent him a bit of stick; when he got on to the horse, he said he was clerk and rider to some great shop in Cheapside, and that his name was Brown: he mentioned the name of the shop, but I do not remember: it was a black gelding; I saw nothing more of him that evening; I saw the horse again on the 25th, at Mr. Hopkins's stables, in Holborn; it is a repository; my master bought him in spring. My reason for being particular about the time of his going, was, having a gentleman to go out about the same time, an old customer; it was half past four, or a little after.
It was half past four, on the 22d of November, rather duskish?
Yes.
It was upon the faith of Mr. Richardson's name, that you let him have a horse?
Yes.
Were you the first person that spoke to the person that came from Richardson?
No.
Are you sure that he is the person?
Yes; the yard is very light, and it is lighted between five and six; the horse was not hired generally, but to return that evening.
I live with Mr. Thomas Hopkins ; he keeps the repository in Holborn. On the 19th of November, I was paying the men; the prisoner knocked at the compting-house door, when I was paying the men; I had seen him before; he put his head just in the door, and said, I ask your pardon for disturbing you; I shall be glad to speak with you; I stepped out, and said, well, Sir, what is your pleasure? says he, I will thank you to lend me a guinea; I replied I could not spare one, having a number of men to pay; he then asked me if I had seen Mr. Wise? I said, I will tell you what, Mr. Robins, I have some money to take to morrow; if I succeed, I will lend you a guinea; he came on the morrow; I told him I did not succeed, and could not lend him a guinea; about a fortnight before this, he told me he had a horse or two to sell; I told him, if he brought them, I would endeavour to sell them for him, as for other gentlemen; he said he had one, and that he should bring him; this was on the 20th of November; on the 22d, Tuesday, about half past five o'clock, a few minutes under or over, he brought a black gelding; he told me that was it he spoke about; I said, Sir, says I, what do you want for this; he rode it into the yard with a saddle and bridle on it; says he, this is a better than the other; and he booked it at eight guineas; he then said he wanted some money on it; I told him I had but a guinea in my pocket; he said that would do for the present, but he must have some more in the evening; I told him I was going to Park-lane to receive some; if I succeeded, I would let him have some more; I told him I lent him the guinea; I did not lend it as a pawn-broker; I did not consider the horse a pawn for it; he asked me when I should return? I said, in an hour; he asked me if I should ride that horse he brought in? I said, no, I had a hack of my own; I made it eleven o'clock before I came home; and not expecting to see him that night, as I could not see the aforesaid Mr. Wise; and he was waiting under the window of my bed-chamber, behind a pheaton; he said I had kept him waiting a long while; I said I was sorry for it; he asked me if I had succeeded? and I told him no; he pressed me very hard again, and said he did not know what to do for money; I then told him I would endeavour to get him another guinea; I went to Mrs. Blick, who keeps the Bull and Gate, and borrowed the second guinea; but in the mean time he left this letter; I have seen him write, and am certain this is his hand-writing; Mr. Hopkins gave me the letter the next morning; I gave him the second guinea; he then asked me where he should settle the business; the time was fixed on the next evening at five; I was to give him eight guineas for the horse for myself; at five he came; I told him I would settle in half an hour; he came, and I asked him to go to the public-house, as there were some gentlemen in the compting-house: Wise was there, and said how do you do, Mr. Bean? this convinced me he had done wrong, as he entered his name Robins, and gave me that name always; he called Mr. Wise out of the public house, and they went out together; I kept close to him; he kept drawing out of the yard, as it were, a little at a time; and I said, Mr. Robins, I must know how you came by this horse? I rather suspect you; he then said it belonged to some foreign gentleman, whose name he mentioned, but I do not recollect, who is gone abroad; and I asked him if he knew any body that did know the horse? he made no other answer, but that the gentleman was gone to France; then I asked him for his address? he pulled a pencil and a bit of paper out of his pocket, and wrote No. 4, or some other number, in St. Martin's-le-grand; I told him that was not a plain direction for me; if he would go into the compting-house, and write it with pen and ink, I would endeavour to be convinced if it was right; he then said he had a lady waiting for him at the gateway end; that he would go and speak to her, and return immediately; I then told him I should be plain with him; I would not let him go from me; he then went with me into the compting-house, and owned his address was fictitious; I then told him I would hesitate no longer, but he should give a satisfactory account at Bow-street; he told me he thought it might be settled without going there; if he repaid me the two guineas, would I be then satisfied; I then told him it was a serious business, and ought to be brought to light; and nothing but going to Bow-street would satisfy me; I sent for a coach, and took him there; going along, he pressed me very hard to settle it; hoped I would take it into consideration, and not be the ruin of a young man; I told him it was not my intention to injure him, only to have a satisfactory account to the justice; for had I not taken him, it might have been a serious thing to myself: before the justice, he owned the horse belonged to Mr. Taylor, of Chiswell-street: Mott came and saw the horse; it was the same horse; the letter I received on the 23d, about ten o'clock; it was left the 22d.
Mr. Humphries, what sort of a stable-yard is this of Mr. Hopkins's?
It is a place for sale and a livery-yard.
It is a repository, is not it?
By private contract; we do not sell by public auction, nor have not done for these four years.
The custom then of the repository is, to take in horses from any body that comes, without enquiring any thing at all about them?
Not with us; we always take the address.
What capacity might you be in?
Foreman to the salesman, about twelve years.
Anything you did in the yard, was on Mr. Hopkins's account?
No doubt of it.
How long have you known the prisoner?
From the 10th of November; I saw him again the 19th, by bringing a horse of Mr. Jocelyn's of London-wall.
On the 19th of November, there was some conversation about a horse, which horse was not owned till Monday last, after the prisoner was apprehended?
He brought no horse before the 22d.
Was not there a horse that he was charged with before the magistrate?
Yes.
What became of that charge?
I cannot say.
Do not you know it was discharged?
I do not; Mr. Jocelyn did swear to his horse; and on Monday last he was to have done something in the business.
What passed between you and the prisoner on that other warrant?
I bought that horse and had a receipt for it.
Let us look at the receipt; (produces it) I see by this receipt you gave him seven guineas?
I did.
I see it is received of Mr. Humphries, seven guineas for a black gelding?
This was in my own name: but it never was unknown to Mr. Hopkins; we never hinder any body bringing horses to us for sale, especially if we have any suspicion; I certainly had suspicions, or would not let him have had one guinea; I made no enquiries, because I thought he would come again; the first enquiry I made, was of Mr. Wise; and if he had come to me for fifty shillings, without a horse, I should have let him have it on his name. Mr. Wise did come; the prisoner and he were acquainted.
When he first brought the horse, what did he particularly say?
He brought a black horse, and said this is the black horse I told you of; and that that was one of the pair that he drove in his curricle; I then asked him whether it was a sound one or not; he said, yes; there was nothing ailed him, only a little hair was rubbed off the side with the harness, which he pointed to me, but I did not see it; and he compared it with the other horse, and I then thought they were a pair.
Did he tell you when he left them, that he left them for sale?
No doubt of it; for sale for eight guineas.
Did not the prisoner say that he would not sell him, but would pay for his keep; did not he tell you that he would not sell him, but would pay for his keep?
I did not hear any such thing mentioned; he said he was distressed or would not sell it.
Did you take notice of this last horse?
Yes, I believe it was an intire black one, only a single star in the forehead; it was not material for me to take particular notice.
You have been used to a great many horses, and have seen a great many?
Yes.
Of course you know that a white leg before or behind is a particular mark?
When people take particular notice of it it is, there is no doubt of it.
How long had you the horse in your custody?
Six nights.
Of course you had an opportunity of seeing him many times?
I had and I had not; he was put by in a corner stall till an owner came; I saw him stand in the stable, and went to see whether the horse was fed.
If the horse had had a white leg, should not you have taken notice of it?
If I had had any particular reason; I remember the horse; but I could not swear to that other horse; nor I do not know that I could swear to this.
Which horse was chopped away?
The other horse was in my custody about two days.
You frequently saw this horse fed?
Yes.
Do you undertake to swear that that was the horse brought by the prisoner, and seen by Mott?
Yes.
How often have you seen this man write?
Only once.
I hired the horse of Mr. Dale and of John Mott ; I did not ask him if he knew Mr. Richardson; it was another person whom I have not yet seen; Mott only led the horse out of the stable; I never mentioned Low Layton, nor any place; I only applied for a horse to take a ride; it was not four o'clock when I was there; I rode a considerable time, I am certain it was above an hour, on the Islington road: I found the horse went so very lame, after I had rode him about an hour, that I rode him into Hopkins's livery stables: I then saw Mr. Humphries, and begged of him to let me put that horse up there, but that I could by no means sell him, neither would I: as he told me before that he knew Mr. Wise very well, and on his credit would lend me twenty pounds, if I wanted it, I asked him to lend me a guinea: he did so, and added he was no pawn-broker: he did not consider the horse as brought there for sale: this was the conversation that took place under the compting-house window: I never went into the house. With respect to the horse being booked for sale, Mr. Humphries has an undoubted right to write what he pleases in his own book: it was never my intention to sell him, nor to leave him as a pledge: the second time I called, I wrote that night requesting him to lend me eight guineas: I never conceived it to be lent on the horse; and I am sure Mr. Humphries does not: I am sure he cannot; I called again after I had left the note, and Mr. Humphries was not at home: but he presently after came home, and I then asked him to oblige me with the money? he said, no, he had been disappointed: he had been after a Mr. Allingham, a sheriff's officer, to arrest a Mr. Charles Bowyer , that owed him thirty-seven pounds: but he could not get it then: I asked him to lend me another guinea? he said he would: he went and borrowed it: that I believe Mr. Humphries has stated before.
Are you sure you might not make a mistake, and he say his name was Bean instead of Brown?.
That is what I told him.
I am sure he did not.
I live at the Bell-savage-yard. I have known him about two years, always a genteel young man, and kept the best company: as far as ever I saw, a very honest young man.
In what way of life has he lived?
I fancy, mostly on his relations: I have always understood so.
Is he of no trade or profession?
Yes; I have known him very industrious in drawing maps, and getting so much a week for them.
Where did he live?
He lodged in the Old Bailey, and different parts of the town.
He had talked to you of having two stone colts?
Yes: it was not when he brought this horse; it was when he brought the first horse: I did not take this to be one of these two stone colts.
What did you sell the first horse he brought you for?
I did not sell him: we in general keep an errand-poney for one of our lads to ride on. A man that buys post chaises had a horse, and I exchanged with Perkins: he gave me two guineas and the poney, which I considered as six guineas, at a fair valuation.
