Where do you live?
No. 24, Barbican .
Were you robbed at any time of the things in the indictment at any time?
Yes, I lost them from the parlour adjoining to the shop, on Tuesday the 9th of June; I was gone into the bake house out of the shop, while I was going I thought I heard somebody, but when I returned I perceived the prisoner at the bar with five tea spoons in his hand, and a pair of sugar tongs, and the saucer, and he ran out of doors; I ran out and gave the cry of stop thief! and he ran into Bridgewater square, where he was stopped, and he flung the tea spoons down an area, in a court adjoining to Bridgewater-square; I did not see him fling them down; I never lost fight of him at all. A man stopped him who is not in court.
Were they picked up in the direction that the man went?
Yes, they were; they were brought back to my house by a person of the name of Dawkins.
How soon were they brought to you after the man was stopped?
I suppose it may be ten minutes.
Who has had the care of them ever since?
The constable.
When they were brought back were they delivered to the constable or to you?
They were delivered to neither at first. I was asked to describe the cypher on the spoon, which I did. I received them of the man that found them and delivered them to the constable.
Are you perfectly sure the prisoner is the same man that was in your house?
I am positive that is the same man.
Knowlys. Are you a widow?
Yes, I am.
You were going backwards into your bake house, you say?
I was.
That is some considerable length?
There are two rooms and a stair case.
Whoever the person was, he had got out of the house before you came up with him?
O, dear, no; he was in the parlour, behind the door, when I came into the shop.
I think you say you lost sight of him?
No, I did not say any such thing.
What pace was he going when he was stopped?
Running as fast as he could, to make his escape from me.
You are as sure of that as you are of every thing else?
I certainly am sure of it. The man who stopped him, I believe, has some inclination to say what is not true.
You appeared before one of the justices or aldermen?
Yes, Alderman Plomer, I believe it was.
Was he committed on the first examination?
No, he was not.
He had a second examination?
He had.
And perhaps a third?
Only two examinations.
Did you give that account before the justice, and say that he never was out of your sight?
Yes. The alderman put it off till another examination, in consequence of the man that stopped him not being there, and then he asked him if he stopped him? and he said, yes; that was all he said.
I live at No. 3, White Hart-court, Bridgewater-square; I see the prisoner running round Bridgewater-square, into Hart-court.
Do you know the house of this widow where she lives?
That is in Barbican.
How far was he from Barbican?
It may be a hundred yards or more.
Did he carry any thing in his hand?
blue and white saucer; I see him stumble on the rails.
Was he stopped?
I cannot say that.
Did you see him throw down this saucer?
No.
Are you perfectly sure that is the man that was running with the saucer in his hand?
That is the man.
Knowlys. Did you see Mrs. Robinson at the time the man was taken?
I did not.
Do you think if a woman had been running after a man that you should not have seen her?
I see no woman running, not to take notice of her.
Is she an acquaintance?
slight acquaintance as a neighbour.
I am a watch-maker; I work for Mr. Upjohn, the corner of Bridgewater-square, and I heard a hallooing, and I ran to the window that faces into the court; I see the prisoner running, and a man after him.
Whereabouts was the prisoner when you see him run?
In Hart-court; the shop window faces up Hart-court. I directly runs out of doors, and I see the prisoner as if he was raising himself up from the area, he had in his hand a blue white saucer. A man had then got hold of him by the collar, with his shirt sleeves tucked up, but there was another man that came up and took hold of him. I see him throw the saucer away after I walked behind him, he dashed it down.
Who picked up the pieces?
They were picked up by a man who brought them to the shop; I see the man pick them up, and the same man brought them to the shop; I had my eyes on him all the way there; the spoons were also brought in, and a pair of sugar tongs, by Mr. Dawkins.
Knowlys. I would ask you whether before he was stopped, he was not walking very deliberately?
No, he was not, I could not see him run far.
Perhaps he was stopped before you got out of your shop?
No, he was not.
Did you say that you see him stopped?
I did not see him stopped, he was running past the window, and again I got to the door he was stopped.
Knowlys. Do you recollect an enquiry being made about Lawrence Jones, a man that was tried here?
I know nothing about that.
Do you recollect any search at Mrs. Robinson's house, at the time that Lawrence Jones was taken into custody, the man who was tried here?
No, I do not.
How long was it before you see Mrs. Robinson?
It might be five minutes, or she might be with the mob, for I kept my eye on the prisoner.
I produce the property; I am a constable, I was sent for, I received them of one Dawkins.
Have you kept them till now?
Yes, I have.
Knowlys. Did you see the man who stopped him?
He is at the door, he was bound over, but he never attended, and so they sent him a subpoena.
Do you recollect visiting Mrs. Robinson's house on the occasion of Lawrence Jones being taken into custody?
No, I know nothing at all of it.
I know these things to be mine, my name is on the spoons, only R. S. instead S.R.
Pray what time did you come up with this man, at the time that he was stopped?
I never came up with him at all.
Did not you swear that you see him taken?
So I certainly did.
You was present when he was taken?
I was, I pursued him to the end of the square.
You subpoenaed the man who stopped him?
No, I subpoenaed the man whose area they were found in.
They acquaint me that you were acquainted with Mr. Jones?
I never knew such a person.
Perhaps his wife lodged with you?
She did lodge with me for three weeks, but I did not know she was there.
Perhaps your house was searched for such a person?
No, never.
Is not your house let into different tenements?
Yes, my house is a very large house, and I let lodgings.
Perhaps a few single ladies lodge there?
No, there is not.
Is not there a free passage into your house?
There is not, no further than going up the stair case.
I am a watch-maker by trade, I picked the spoons up out of my area, and a pair of plated tea tongs. My house is No. 2, Hart-court, Bridgewater-square. I heard the cry of stop thief.
Did you see any body pass by your house?
I could not, I work up at the top of the house, I heard the gingling of spoons as they fell, as I supposed they were spoons.
How soon did you go down?
Immediately, and I went down stairs and picked up the spoons immediately, and carried them to the house of Mrs. Robinson, in Barbican.
Who did you deliver them to?
To the constable I think I gave them to; I made her describe the marks first of all; I believe they are all odd spoons.
Here is the man here that stopped me as I was walking quietly along, whom the prosecutor would not wish to come forward.
You stopped the prisoner at the bar?
Yes; I stopped him just by a corner, so that I could not tell whether he was running or walking.
Did you attend before Sir William Plomer ?
Yes, one of the times.
Who subpoenaed you?
Nobody, I come voluntarily, and there I went accordingly.
