The prisoner at the bar brought a horse to where I live, at the Bull-inn, the bottom of Hatton-gardon, for sale; I looked at the horse, and said, it was in a very bad state; he asked me 5l. for it.
Was it a gelding?
Yes; I told him, I would not give more than two guineas and a half for him; he went away and came back again; he then said, I should have it; I told him, I thought he had come dishonestly by it; he said, he had not, his mother had desired him to have it killed, but he thought it was too good to kill; he gave me his direction, No. 5, Garden-row, City-road; I told him, if you will stop till I come back, and I find you have come honestly by it, I will buy the horse of you; I went immediately, and found the prisoner's father there; I returned home, and the prisoner was gone, he had left the horse, and I went to the Daily Advertiser Office, and advertised it, that was on Wednesday afternoon, the 20th of June, and on Saturday Mr. Turner and Mr. Gevers came to my house to look at the horse, I believe they are partners.
Are you in partnership with Mr. Gevers?
No, I am not.
Did this horse belong to Gevers or you?
To Gevers.
Mr. Turner came to me on Saturday and claimed the horse, after keeping it about eight or nine days, I restored the horse to Mr. Turner.
I am a horse-dealer in Islington-road; the prisoner applied to us for a horse to go to Tottenham High-cross, on the 20th of June, between seven and eight in the morning; he made the enquiry of Mr. Gevers, I stood by at the time; he said, he was the son of Mr. Gilliard, of Islington-road, schoolmaster. On that account, knowing Mr. Gilliard, we lent him the horse; when he went out of the yard, he said, he should be home between seven and eight in the evening. At ten o'clock I went to Mr. Gilliard, and asked him, if he expected his son home that night, and he said, he had no son; I described the lad to Mr. Gilliard, and he thought it was the prisoner, who went to school to him, but we could not find any thing of him till last Saturday; Mr. Douglas came up to our yard, and told us he had got a horse of ours, and knew the lad to be at Kensington; we went to see the horse, and knew it to be ours, it was a bay horse with a bald face, there are no particular marks upon it, we had had the horse about six weeks, we found the prisoner at Kensington.
I am an officer; I apprehended the prisoner at Kensington, he had enlisted for a soldier there, that is all I know of it.
The prisoner had deserted from one regiment, and entered into another; his father is a very respectable man in the India-house.
The horse had been rode very hard, and was in a very weak state.
