I am apprentice to my father, William Anderson , linen-draper , in Gracechurch-street; on Tuesday, the 15th of September, a written order was brought to our house, by Thomas Coxhead , (producing it) , purporting to come from Mr. Creasy, of Deptford; we tied up the parcel; my brother went down and got into Monument-yard, and one of our porters went down Fish-street-hill; and Mr. Austin, as soon as the prisoner had received the parcel, laid hold of him; John Loveland, Mr. Samuel Austin , and my brother, were present when the goods were delivered to Coxhead; it was two yards and an eighth of superfine drab; the order was for two yards and three quarters of superfine blue cloth, but we did not tie up according to the order; I understood it was not of any consequence what was tied up in the parcel, so that we could prove that he received the parcel; we had had reason to suspect him.
How old are you?
Eleven last May.
What will become of you in the next world, if you swear that which is false?
I shall not go to God. (Sworn) . My father is a bricklayer; I was playing at top in Monument-yard, with another boy, I do not know what day it was, the prisoner came to me, and asked me to go to Mr. Anderson's for him, for some clothes, he said, it was a little beyond Eastcheap, in Gracechurch-street, and he gave me three-pence farthing for myself, and a letter, to carry to Mr. Anderson's; I carried it, and they gave me some cloth tied up in a paper, and I carried it to Mr. Burridge, he was waiting in the Monument-yard.
Who were present?
Mr. Stephen Anderson , Mr. Loveland, and Mr. Austin came and took him.
I am porter to Mr. Anderson; I was present when Coxhead brought the order, on the 15th of September.
(To Anderson). How was this paper delivered to you?
As it is now, only doubled up.
I went out before the cloth was delivered to the boy, down Fish-street-hill, right opposite to the Monument; I stopped there, and saw the boy come down the hill with a parcel in his hand; as soon as he got up to Proctor, he gave him the parcel; as soon as he took the parcel out of the boy's hand, I crossed over, and caught him by the collar, and he then dropped the parcel, and Mr. Stephen Anderson picked it up, and carried it home in one hand, and had Mr. Burridge with the other; when he got home, he delivered it to the constable.
I am a man's mercer; I was at Mr. Anderson's, on the 15th of September. I went down to Monument yard, by his direction, I waited there till I saw Coxhead come and give the parcel to the prisoner at the bar, he gave him some halfpence; immediately as he had got the parcel, I endeavoured to secure him with Mr. Stephen Anderson, and their porter; after that we took him to Mr. Anderson's house, a constable was sent for, and the parcel delivered to him.
(To George Anderson). Has your father any customer at Deptford, of the name of Creasy?
Yes.
This is the parcel that I had from Mr. Anderson, and gave to Mr. Burridge.
I am shopman to John Creasy, at Deptford: I do not know the prisoner, I never saw him at Mr. Creasy's house.
Look at that order, do you know the handwriting of Mr. Creasy?
Perfectly well, I never saw Mr. Creasy write any thing like this; I know that no such thing was wanted at our house at that time.
This is not my handwriting; it is not spelled as I spell my name; there is an too much in it.
You live at Deptford?
I do.
I was out of employ, and received that order from a person, to receive these goods; the gentleman said his name was Creasy; and I knew my brother had lived with Mr. Anderson, and therefore I got this boy to go for it.
