I lost four guineas on the 7th of June, in the evening, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, in Little Alie-street, Goodman's fields , in coming out of Somerset-street, into Alie-street, this woman laid hold of my arm, and asked me to go and drink a glass of wine? I told her I would have nothing to do with her, she still proceeded on the street with me; she began to be rude, feeling about my breeches, and by that means knocked her bonnet off. I suspected she had some ill design against me, so I says, you will not say I knocked your bonnet off; she said no, on which at that moment, I felt her hand in my breeches pocket, as I supposed, for I did not find any thing, I took the money out of my breeches pocket and put it in my coat pocket, that she should not take it, she did not get the money when I supposed she was at my pocket, I walked on further and I found her hand at my coat pocket, and I clapped my hand into my coat pocket and found the four guineas was safe there, which I supposed then was a mistake, thinking her hand to have been there. I went on further and I found her hand in my coat pocket again, and she immediately turned away and bid me good by. I clapped my hand into my pocket and found the money was taken out, I turned round immediately after I had missed my money and laid hold of her; I then took her to the watch-house, when we came to the watch house I gave charge of her, and the officer searched her she declared she had no money about her, except a bad shilling, a good shilling, and three pennyworth of halfpence, which was all the money she was possessed of.
Did the officer search her?
They did, they did not find any thing on first searching her, I was positive about the money, and would not give the money up; at last the officer, says possibly she may got it in her stockings, two of the police officers, who were there, insisted on her untying her stockings, and when she untied her stockings, one of the officers saw the shape of the money on the inside, he laid hold of it and he said here is some of it; then she resisted till the second officer got up, and he found two guineas more, one guinea more she concealed, which I did not know where it was put. I saw the money, the three guineas, taken out of the stocking myself.
Had you known the woman before?
No, never.
How long might it be from the time she first accosted you, till the time you lost your money, and that you went away from her?
I suppose it might be the space of ten minutes or not so much.
Was you perfectly sober?
Perfectly so.
In what line of life may you be in?
I am a jeweller.
A master jeweller?
Yes.
Where do you live?
In Lambert-street, Goodman's-fields.
Where had you been spending your evening?
I had been taking a walk up the City-road.
What at eleven o'clock at night?
That was seven o'clock that I went up there.
Where did you go in the City-road?
I walked up as far as the Green Gate and back again.
Did you go into the public house?
Yes, I looked in at the pleasure ground at Peerless Pool.
Did you drink any thing there?
I drank part of a pint of ale.
This was between seven and eight o'clock, what other house did you go in?
Not any other till I returned to Somerset-street.
Then you went into one there?
I did.
What time did you stay there?
Till about a quarter after eleven.
What time did you get there?
quarter after nine.
You were there two hours then drinking, what had you to drink?
I and another we had a pint of porter and some lamb chops, and a glass of gin and water between two.
And no more than a glass of gin and water?
No, besides the pint of porter.
Had you any thing else besides the gin and water and the pint of porter to drink?
No.
Nothing else drinking the whole course of the time?
Nothing else.
Are you a married man?
I am.
Does your wife live with you in Lambert-street?
She does.
You have been out as late in the evening before now many times?
I suppose I have been out late as well as other men.
So late as twelve o'clock?
Yes, now and then.
Perhaps now and then you have had the misfortune to meet with prostitutes before now?
We cannot walk along the streets without them, nor no other man else.
How soon did you begin to dream after this woman came up to you, that she meant to charge you with the robbery?
I was not asleep, so I could not dream.
How came you to take it in your head that this woman meant to charge the watch with you, because she merely laid hold of your arm?
Her bonnet tumbled off by accident and I did not know her design.
You state that on your oath? do you mean to have the jury believe you, that you supposed because the woman's bonnet dropped from her head that she had an idea of charging the watch with you?
I do.
The money you say was in your breeches pocket?
It was at first.
Do you know which?
Yes.
Which?
In the right hand pocket.
Was that next the woman or the other side?
Next the woman.
Was the breeches pocket buttoned?
I don't know it was.
Will you swear it was buttoned?
I will not.
Do you recollect when you went out whether you had buttoned your breeches pocket where your money was?
I cannot, it might be buttoned or it might not.
So you apprehended when you supposed the prisoner was going to rob you, that the safer way was to put it in your coat pocket, and you mean to say that money is safer in your coat pocket than in your breeches pocket, you think it more likely for the breeches pocket to be robbed than the coat pocket?
It is most likely they will look to the breeches pocket.
This was after the attempt to rob you that you put it in your coat pocket?
It was.
Don't you think the coat pocket a great deal more likely to lose the money from than the breeches pocket; if you were to take a large sum of money into the street of a night, you think the best way would be to put it in your coat pocket sooner than you would put it in your breeches pocket?
Yes, when a person has a design on any particular place.
Then you looked upon that to cross the design. Is it not more free than the breeches pocket?
But it is not a place so subject to find money in.
The woman had not left you all the time?
She had not.
So she must have observed you change the money?
Possibly she might.
If she was close to you, she must have seen you change your money?
I don't know but what she might.
Then she had easier access to your coat pocket than she had to your breeches pocket?
That was no rule, she had no right to take it out.
You say there was four guineas you lost, and you only found three?
No.
The woman never got out of your custody, you pursued her directly?
Yes.
The guineas you have got here?
I have not got them; the officer has got them.
You was very much frightened she would charge you with the robbery, on this bonnet business?
I did not know but that she might.
Did she attempt to call the watch?
She did not
There was nothing particular about your guineas, that you can know them from other peoples guineas?
No, none at all; I don't know that there is.
We wish to know how she had the opportunity of putting the three guineas in her stocking, without his observing, if she never left him.
How long time elapsed from the time you first saw the woman, to the time you got to the watch-house?
About twelve or fourteen minutes.
How long time had elapsed from the time you suppose you lost your money, to the time you left her in the watch-house?
About ten minutes.
You say the first thing that made you suspect the woman, was the hand near your breeches pocket; then you supposed she had an idea of robbing you. Was there any watchmen in the street?
Yes, there was a watchman in the bottom of the street.
Did you after that call watch?
I did not; I suppose the watchman was above an hundred yards distant; it was after I past him that it occurred; when I past him I had no occasion to speak.
If you had chosen it, having seen the watchman, you might have resorted to him afterwards, and made a complaint?
Did you pass the watchman with this woman?
Yes.
Whereabouts was it you first supposed that she had got her hand in your breeches?
In Little Alie-street.
Was it before you past the watchman?
It was after.
When the attempt was made at your breeches pocket, do you know how far the watchman was from you?
About seventy, or eighty, or a hundred yards; I did not see him, because my back was to him, I did not see him at all.
About a quarter past one, the eighth of this month, I came into Whitechapel watch-house, and I saw the prosecutor there, and he said he had been robbed of four guineas; the prisoner was sitting on the bench, and he said he had searched her, but he could not find any thing about her. She declared she had but fifteen-pence and a bad shilling about her; then he said he had no suspicion further, without the money was in the top of her stocking; accordingly she pulled up her coats pretty high, above her knee, and I saw the marks of money on her shin bone, I took hold of it, and I pulled down the top of her stocking, and I found it was a guinea; I took and pulled her stocking right off, and two guineas more fell out, which Nash picked up.
Was that mark on the shin bone above or below the garter?
Below the garter.
Her stockings were gartered, were they?
They were.
You see the prosecutor at the time, did he appear to be sober?
Very sober.
If I understand you right, the prosecutor told you where the money might be found?
He did.
Nash is an officer I believe?
He is.
Though Nash and you were searching her, you could not find the money except from his information?
He said he had searched her all over, except in that place.
And in that place he desired you to give your attention to, so that it was from him were you learned to find it.
On the 8th of June, about a quarter after one in the morning, I had occasion to go into Whitechapel watch-house, I heard the prosecutor say that he had been robbed of four guineas; I asked the constable of the night if he had searched her? he said he had, and could not find any thing at all. I sat there some time, and then the prosecutor said he believed it must be in her stocking; she heard him say so, and she declared that she had but one shilling and three-pence, and a bad shilling in her pocket; she very readily pulled up her clothes; and directly as she pulled up her clothes Mr. Franks saw the guinea, and catched hold of it; she made some little resistance, but with the assistance of me he untied her stocking, and pulled it off, and two guineas were in it. We pulled the other stocking off, and then we had a woman to search her above; we thought we had proceeded far enough.
Nash, how long have you been an officer?
Seven years.
You had been searching her, and could not find out where the money was?
I did not search her.
The prosecutor gave the intelligence where to find it?
He did.
You searched her in consequence, and three guineas were found?
Yes.
Though you searched her with all the delicacy you have stated, and a woman afterwards, you did not find any thing but these three guineas?
She was even searched as close as a woman in the world could be searched.
I never spoke to the man first, he wanted me to go and drink a glass of wine, but I refused him. It was my husband's money that I had about me; he gave me five guineas; I had got a loin of lamb roasting and my husband was not come home to his time, and I was going to the Horns, in Whitechapel for him, and this gentleman met me, and would detain me, and pulled me about, and wanted me to be concerned with him in the street; At last he took and unbuttoned his breeches entirely, to lay with me by main force in the street; at last he said, when he found he could not have his revenge of me, that I had picked his pocket of four guineas.
She said she had the money of her husband, in the watch-house; but I went to her husband, and he denied giving her the money.
When did she say it was her husband's money, before or after you found the three guineas?
It was after the money was found.
