I am butler to Mr. Ellison: On the evening of the 19th of May, between twelve and one at night; I secured the front door, I locked and bolted it, and put the chain across; I also bolted the lower door, which opens from the area, with four bolts and a cross iron bar; I also bolted the kitchen door on the passage side with one bolt.
How did you find them in the morning?
About four o'clock in the morning I got up, and found the inner door forced open, the kitchen window forced from the lower hinges, and the outer doors were open also.
I am servant to Mr. Ellison: On the night of the 19th of May, I fastened the kitchen shutters about eight o'clock at night; I went to bed about half past twelve, and left them fast then.
What have you got in your hand?
A tinder-box candlestick that I left upon the shelf when I went to bed; when I came down the next morning, it was found in the passage.
You were not the last person up in the house?
No.
Any other person might have carried that candle and tinder-box about?
I do not know.
The shutters were closed?
Yes.
So that of course, though it might be light out of doors, persons in the inside might be obliged to use a bit of candle?
I cannot say.
Did you do any thing with that tinder-box before you went to bed?
No.
I am under butler to Mr. Ellison: On Saturday the 20th of May, about three in the morning, I was awoke by a noise in the house; I had to call up a gentleman of the name of Cookson, who was to go by the coach to Stamford, it was then light; I heard a noise and dressed myself, and I went to the servant's hall, and took two pair of shoes to go into Mr. Cookson's room, when I saw three men come out of the parlour, and I heard one of them say, d-n them, here they are coming; I saw the prisoner turn his head two or three times to call his dog, the door was unbarred, and every thing ready for them to get out; I followed them, I was never more than thirty yards off them; I followed them into Vigo-lane.
How far is that from your master's?
I do not know; they crossed a great many streets.
Did any body join you in the pursuit?
The watchman sprung his rattle; when I caught the prisoner the dog came and jumped up upon the prisoner.
Did you lose sight of him at all?
Only when he turned the corners.
Did you see any thing of the candlestick?
I saw one of the three, I cannot say which, set it down upon the bench in the passage; they left the candle smoking.
Was it perfectly light when you got up?
Yes.
Light enough to distinguish the countenance of any man?
I could.
The candle they might have taken away if they had been so disposed, but they did not do it?
No.
They did not set it down till after they saw you?
No.
What is the value of the tinderbox?
I cannot say.
It is not worth sixpence.
They have taken nothing away at all?
No, they had moved some things; they had moved a large kitchen poker.
They had not taken any thing away?
Not that I know of.
I am a watchman in St. James's parish: On the 20th of May, in the morning, I joined in the pursuit after three men, they passed my box; I saw Barfoot in pursuit of them, and he held up his hand, and said, three robbers, and I sprung my rattle, and ran down Sackville-street, and there the prisoner made a sort of a seint, as much as to say he was not in company; Mr. Barfoot said he was one of them; I said, I would take him if he would swear that he was one of them; he said he would swear to him, he was the last of the three; he had a small spaniel dog that followed him as far as Vigo-lane, and there we left him; the other two made their escape.
It had been day-light an hour before this happened?
No; about three quarters of an hour before.
At the time you laid hold of the prisoner, did not he walk up to you?
No; I laid hold of him.
Did not he hold some conversation with you, and the footman, before he charged him?
No; he kept on the other side of the street, at a distance from us.
Did he not walk back to you?
Yes; he made a sort of seint as if he had not belonged to their company.
He went very readily to the watch-house?
He was obliged.
You know there is a reward of forty pounds in this case?
I do not know.
You, being a watchman, do not know that there is a reward of forty pounds for apprehending a person guilty of a burglary?
Not that I know of.
You never heard of it?
No.
How long have you been a watchman?
One year.
I was coming from St. James's church to the Green-man and Still in Oxford-road, to go out of town to Uxbridge; I heard a noise in the street, I walked up Sackville-street, and saw a watchman and some people talking together; I asked what was the matter, and they said there were thieves, and asked me if I had met any men; I told them I had, and described them; I asked them what it was o'clock, and then the young man came, and said I was one of the robbers; I told him he was taking my character away; he said, if he was doing wrong his master would stand by him; I told him to take care of what he said; they searched me and found nothing but my watch.
