Have you ever been sworn before?
No.
Have you ever learned your catechism?
No.
Is it a good thing or a bad thing to tell a lie?
bad thing.
If you say what is false where will you go?
To a bad place.
How old are you?
Going of my tweifth year.
Do you remember seeing the prisoner at the bar, on Tuesday the 16th of June ?
Yes, at my mother's shop, a pork shop, No. 66, in Grub-street .
What is the name?
John Wall.
What time was it?
In the afternoon.
Were you in the shop?
Yes. She cheapened a bit of pork, two penny worth.
What did she give you?
sixpence, and I gave her four-pence.
What did you do with that sixpence?
I carried it to the maid Margaret Fisher ; the maid said it was a bad one.
Did the maid give it you back?
Yes, and then I came back into the shop, and the woman was in the shop; I asked her if she would please to change the sixpence? and she said she would not, and she said that I had changed it.
Had you changed it?
No, it was the same sixpence.
Had you any other sixpence?
I had three others in the box.
Had you taken them out?
No, they were in a box in my pocket.
After she had refused, what then happened?
She said, it I followed her she should murder me. She went out, and I followed her at a distance from her, I followed her up to Bunhill-row, and a gentleman stopped her; I was crying, and the gentleman asked me what was the matter?
After he had stopped her what became of the prisoner?
Then she ran into Chiswell-street, by a worsted shop; she put her hand into her pocket and pulled something out from her pocket, in a paper, and it dropped down; it was a bit of white paper wrapped up.
When the paper was undone, did you see what fell out?
Yes, the money fell out; I did not see it, but I heard it fall.
Did you see any thing taken up?
Yes; I believe it was six sixpences; I cannot say; I see some of them taken up, three or four by Mr. Fielder that had stopped her. She was then taken to the watch-house by Mr. Fielder.
You then appeared before the alderman the next day?
Yes.
Is every part of what you have said true?
Yes. That is the woman, I am sure of it.
What became of the sixpence that woman gave you?
I gave it to Mr. Fielder.
You are a servant in Mr. Wall's house, a porkman, in Grub-street?
Yes.
Is that little girl his daughter?
Yes.
On Tuesday, the 16th of June, did the little girl bring a sixpence to you?
Yes, in the back room.
Did you see the person that the little girl went to serve in the shop?
Yes; that is the woman in at the bar.
Where was the little girl when the woman came in?
She was at the step at play when the woman came in.
Did you see her serve the woman?
I did; I was in the back room adjoining the shop. There is an opening that we can see all over the shop in the back room.
Did you see the little girl take the sixpence?
I see the little girl rub it on the steel, and she came to me and said she thought it was a bad one, and I went into the shop and told the woman it was a bad one.
Did you take it out of the girl's hand?
Yes, but not out of the woman's. It did appear to be a very bad one.
Did you give it to the child again?
I did.
Did you go back with the child to the shop, and tell her it was a bad one?
I did. She told the child, if she followed her she would murder her.
That could not be the first thing that passed?
No; the woman insisted that the child had changed it, and she would not take it again.
Did you see the woman go out of the shop?
Yes.
Did you follow her?
No, only the child.
Was any body at home besides you and the child?
No.
So you staid at home to take care of the house?
Yes.
I believe you are a builder in Bunhill-row?
Yes.
On Tuesday, the 6th of June did you see the little girl?
Yes, I did, about five o'clock in the afternoon, or a few minutes after, I was coming up Chiswell-street, and there were a number of chil dren (there are two schools in the street) to the\\ amountof twenty I believe, and this little girl was among them. On her telling her story to me, saying the prisoner had given her a bad sixpence, I took hold of the prisoner's arm, and the child was coming after, but was afraid of coming to the woman, she said, the woman will murder me; the child had a sixpence in her hand, saying, this woman has given me a bad sixpence, and will not change it; my daddy and mammy is gone on some business to the Minories, and will beat me when they come home, if she will not change it; I took the sixpence into my hand, from the child, and have kept it ever since.(Produced.)
That is the same sixpence?
It is, it appears to have been rubbed? I asked the child where she lived? she told me she lived in Grub-street; from the circumstance of her telling me that her daddy and mammy were out, I took the child to the shop, in order to put the child in possession of the house, and in passing by the hosier's in Chiswell-street, the woman seemed as she would go into the house; I stepped up to her, and laid hold of her by the right arm; I see her put her left hand into her pocket, and she pulled out some paper, I see it was paper before she dropped it; my suspicions were alarmed that it was more bad money, and she opened her hand and dropped it by her side.
Did she pull it out so as to avoid your seeing it?
She did exactly; it happened on falling on the pavement that three sixpences sell out, and some of the by-standers delivered the others to me, and I have had them ever since; I marked them.
What did you do with the prisoner?
Knowing the people of the house I wished to force her into the house, to know whether she had any more about her; but there being so many people about the street they were afraid to let her in, and I took her to the watch-house, the beadle sent the key; I searched her, and found a piece of pork, a bad sixpence, eighteen pence, and three farthings in copper.
Were they passable?
They were.
The bad sixpence that you took from her, have you kept that you took from her, have you kept that separate?
They were all kept separate. The woman said at the time I stopped her, that she gave the child the choice of three, and she took this out of three.
To Matilda Wall. Did she offer you the choice of three at the time?
No, only one.
You are employed on these occasions to attend, by the Mint. Look at this sixpence first produced?
It is a bad one.
Is there any silver in it?
We cannot tell, except it is broke; they make them very bad now, it has been new coloured; the sixpence found in her pocket is the same, and the sixpences picked up also. I am in the silver line.
My lord, I had but two sixpences about me, I offered her a sixpence for the meat, with that she had three in her hand, and she put mine among the three, and she took that into the maid, and the maid said it is a bad sixpence; I looked at it, and I said that is not mine, and so I came out, and the child followed me, and another boy, and the boy struck me; there was another man by, who see it, but I did not know where to find him.
