Are you a house keeper?
No, I am a lodger.
Where did you lose this property from?
From the dresser of the Angel in Fleet-market ; I went in there to pay a few halfpence to a woman that keeps the market, that I owed her.
What business do you follow?
I am in no business.
What day was it?
Saturday was a week, the 3d of this month, about a quarter past eleven at night.
Where had you been?
I came from Lincoln's-inn-fields, I was at work at a gentleman's house there.
What did you carry into this public house with you?
curtain, a pound of beef steaks, and a red herring, they were in a handkerchief.
How did you lose it?
It was taken off the dresser by somebody, but I don't know who.
In the kitchen of the public house?
In the kitchen.
Did you ever see it after it was missing?
Yes, I see it in about ten minutes.
In whose hands did you see it?
I see it in the hands of Mrs. Hoddy that keeps the Angel.
Did you see the prisoner there at all?
No, I did not, I see him at the watch-house about a quarter of an hour after to the best of my knowledge.
I am a glazier; I was going by the end of Fleet-market, at the bottom of Holborn-hill, soon after eleven o'clock, and I heard the cry of stop thief, and I saw the prisoner running with a silk handkerchief tied up in a bundle, I followed him, I took him by the collar.
Did you lose sight of him?
Never, he threw the bundle down, I took him hold by the collar with one hand, and picked up the bundle with the other, and the landlady of the public house came up, I am positive that is the man.
What did you do with the bundle?
woman took it from my hand.
What is the landlady's name?
Hoddy.
Who is Samuel Atkins ?
He is the watchman that took hold of him at the same time I had him.
Was you present when the last witness took the prisoner?
In the space of a few minutes. When I came up Mr. Payne had got hold of him, and I received the charge and took him to the watch-house. The bundle was delivered to me in the street, and I took it to the watch-house.
Who had it at the watch house?
The constable of the night, Thomas Vaughan .
I am the constable of the night; I know no more than a bundle being brought down to the watch-house by the watchman. It remained in the custody of the watchman from that time till now.
I have got the bundle, I received it back from the constable of the night.
Have you kept it ever since?
I have. (Produced.)
Are you the mistress of the public house?
Yes.
Do you know the prosecutrix, Esther Anneley?
I know nothing of her.
Was she at your house?
Yes, on Saturday night.
Did you see the prisoner take the bundle?
Yes, I see him go out with it, he came out of the kitchen with it, and went out of the door.
Did you give any alarm about it?
Yes, I did, I cried stop thief.
Did you see him taken?
No, I did not, because he was a good bit before me; I took the bundle myself, I don't know who I got it of, and I gave it to a gentleman, and the gentleman gave it to the watchman, and he took it to the watch-house.
Are you sure it is the same bundle that was in the prisoner's hands?
Yes.
To Anneley. Is that your silk handkerchief?
Yes.
Look at the curtain, see whether it is your curtain; is that stuff damask?
I call it harateen.
Do you know any difference between stuff damask and harateen?
I don't know any difference.
As I was coming up on Saturday night in Fleet-market, I heard the alarm of stop thief! and the gentleman stopped me, and said, I was the thief, and when he stopped me they took me to the watch house, and soon after I was in the watch-house, the brought this bundle, and the gentleman said he lost a bundle of his own at the Bird Cage, at Wood-street, and he said he did not care what he did with me, out of revenge for his own bundle he lost; he said then he could not swear to the bundle, and now he has sworn to the bundle.
Court to Paine. Is that the bundle you picked up?
Yes.
