I am a seaman on board the Earl Talbot East Indiaman; the prisoner had been a seaman on board her: On Tuesday, the 6th of November last, I was in company with William Jones, between nine and ten o'clock, we went into the city, to buy shoes and stockings, and other necessary articles; and about two o'clock, we went to the Hercules, in Leadenhall-street, there I saw William Jones, and several more of my shipmates, but I did not drink with any of them but Jones; the prisoner came in there about four o'clock, and William Williams with him; the prisoner asked me, if I would have any thing to drink; I said, I had rather not; then Williams asked me to go to the Minories, to drink along with some of his friends; I went with the prisoner and Williams to the Vine, in the Minories, and left Jones at the Hercules; we had a shillingsworth of rum and water, and I paid for it; then Williams ordered a half-crown bowl of punch; I asked the landlady of the house, if she could change me a 5l. note; -
Did the prisoner hear that?
Yes. She told me, no, she could not give me change, but she would send out for it; and a man that she had sent out, brought me the full change; I paid for a half-crown bowl of punch; there was nobody in company but Moore and Williams; there were four guineas; Moore wrapped it up in a piece of paper, and put it in my left hand waistcoat pocket
Did you desire him to do that?
No, I did not. After that, I pulled it out to see if it was right, I folded them up again, and put them in the same pocket again; the rest of the change I put in my right hand waistcoat pocket, there was half-a-crown'sworth of halfpence among it
Was there any other gold besides the four guineas?
No, there was not. After we had drank the punch, I said, to Moore, I will go to the Hercules, to William Jones ; Moore gave a little boy a penny to fetch a coach to the door, I got in first, and then Moore, and then Williams; I said, to the boy, you have ordered the coachman to drive to the Hercules, and he said, yes, he had; after that, the coachman was driving on very fast for ten or fifteen minutes; then Williams sung out for something to drink, and the coachman got down and fetched us a shillingsworth of brandy and water, I do not know where it was, for I am a stranger in London; and as we were drinking of it, I said to the prisoner, are we not past the Hercules, George; says I, do not lead me into any strange company whatever, but do as you would be done by; upon that, Williams put his head out of the coach window, and said, coachman, don't be afraid that we shall lead him into any bad company, for he is our shipmate and messmate, and he shall not come to any harm; after that, the coachman asked who was to pay for the shillingsworth of brandy and water; I put both my hands into my pockets, I felt my gold there then, and I pulled a shilling out of my waistcoat pocket, and gave to the coachman, he gave the servant girl the glass, and away he drove for seven or ten-minutes longer; and the coachman stopped to set us down where the prisoner ordered him to drive
Did you hear where he ordered him to drive?
No. The coachman stopped for the space of three minutes; while the coachman was stopping, Williams put his hands over my shoulders playing with me, and I felt Moore put his hand in my right hand waistcoat pocket; I said, to Williams, set up; I then put my hand in my waistcoat pocket, and said, George, you have robbed me of four guineas wrapped up in a piece of brown paper; he denied it, and said, did I think he would be guilty of the like; I said, George, if you will give me my money, I will spend half-a-guinea in your company; after that, he would not give me my money, and I sung out to the coachman, says I, carry us to some honest house, for I am robbed, by my messmate, Moore, of four guineas; the coachman then drove to Mr. Carpmeal's, in Bow-street; when we got there, Williams opened the door, and got out and ran away, and the prisoner after him; the prisoner, Moore, was secured by the coachman; the coachman then said, to Moore, don't leave an injured man in my coach; the coachman took him into Carpmeal's, and I went in with him, and gave charge of him.
When he got him into Carpmeal's house, was the prisoner searched?
I was searched first, and the prisoner, Moore, was searched after me; Mr. Carpmeal found the silver upon me, but no gold; upon Moore was found three guineas, and several Bank-notes, I cannot say how many.
You do not mean to swear to your guineas?
No.
The prisoner was examined before the Magistrate, and committed?
Yes, upon the third examination.
You had been drinking at these different public-houses?
We had not had any thing to drink before we came to the Hercules, then we had a pot of beer between me and Jones.
Were you drunk?
I cannot deny but I had been drinking, but I was not so drunk, but I knew what I was about.
You were a little groggy, about half seas over?
Yes.
You and the prisoner had been a voyage to China together?
Yes.
You were mess-mates on board the Talbot?
Yes, fourteen months.
How long had you been home?
About three weeks.
You were a little flush of money, having received your pay?
Yes.
Do not you think the prisoner might be as flush?
He might.
Do not you know he had received his pay?
Yes.
What was your note?
Twenty-six pounds.
Was not his the same?
I do not think it was.
Could it be less than twenty pounds?
No.
When had you received your's?
I had received eleven pounds the Saturday night.
And the prisoner might have received his; it was not likely he should be in want of a guinea?
No.
You say you went to the Hercules and the Vine, have you not missed a public-house; were not you at the Golden-lion in the Minories?
No, I was not.
That you swear positively?
Yes.
You swear you were at no public-house but the Hercules?
That I swear upon my oath.
How long did you stay at the Vine?
I went between four and five, and came away about seven.
Were you then sober or drunk?
I cannot say but I was worse for liquor.
Did you exhibit that by any signs-were you at all noisy?
No, I was not.
That is as true as all the rest of your evidence?
Yes.
Did you tell this story half as well, and as distinct, when you got to Bow-street the first night?
Yes.
Did Williams propose to go to the play at half-price?
He did not in my hearing.
Or rather not to your recollection?
He did not say it in my hearing.
You are sure you could not have forgot it?
Yes.
At the Tobit's-dog were not you a little noisy?
No.
Nor in the coach going along?
No.
Were either of your companions noisy in the coach?
No; we sat very quiet and comfortably all the way.
Williams had his hands upon your shoulders; were you not playing with each other?
No; I did not.
You felt Moore's hand in your pocket?
Yes.
You did not see it?
I could not see his hand there for it was so dark; but it was impossible to have been Williams's hands because he had both his hands over my shoulders.
You never have told anybody that you saw his hand in your pocket?
I am quite positive of it.
For instance-you did not tell the Justice so, because you were upon your oath?
I never said so.
You told the Justice you never saw his hand in your pocket?
Yes.
The information says this, that he discovered his hands in his pocket.
This information was not signed by you till the last examination?
No.
The prisoner was searched?
Yes.
The brown paper was not found?
No.
Did you search the coach?
Mr. Carpmeal did.
I have drove a hackney-coach fifty years: On Tuesday the 6th of November, I was fetched to the Vine, in the Minories, by a little boy; when I stopped to come up to the door, Williams got up upon my fore-wheel, and said, do you know where you are to drive us; I said, no; says he, you are to drive us to Covent-garden Play-house, at half-price.
Did he speak that loud, or how?
In a middling tone of voice; then the prisoner came up upon the wheel, as the other had done, and he said, you must drive us to Covent-garden House, at half-price.
Where was Yeoman?
I did not see him till I got to the Tobit's-dog, and did not know I had him in my coach till then; I did not get off my box at all, the little boy that fetched me shut the door; when I got into St. Paul's Church-yard, one of them called out, coachman, get us a shillingsworth of brandy and water; then I drove up to the Tobit's-dog, in St. Paul's Church-yard, I brought them the brandy and water out, and told the servant girl to receive the money; then I saw the prosecutor, and he paid for it, he gave the shilling; then I heard the prosecutor say to Williams, for God's sake do not take me to any bad place, but do as you would he done by; I rather started at that, and then both of them called out at the coach-door, you have no occasion to be afraid, coachman, he is our shipmate, and messmate; then they told me to drive on where they ordered me; then I went on to Covent-garden House; when I got there, they were so very busy that I could not get to set them down where it was clean; then I stopped a little while, and the man cried out, I am robbed by my shipmates, I am robbed by my shipmates, two or three times over; I immediately got down to the door of the coach, and he said, for God's sake give me the money, I will spend half-a-guinea if you will give me my money, or give you half-a-guinea, but do give me my money again; then he said, coachman, get me to some honest house for God's sake; I did not know where I was, then I drove to Carpmeal's; when I got round to Carpmeal's door, Williams jumped out at the off door, and the prisoner after him; I got off my box, and fell, but recovered myself, and caught the prisoner about ten yards from the door, and said, are you going to leave me an injured man.
Was he standing still, or running?
Running as fast as he could.
You conducted yourself very property?
I am seventy years of age, and never had a summons in my life; I then took him back and delivered him into the hands of Mr. Carpmeal; Williams got off.
Did you see him searched?
No, I did not.
Have you any doubt at all that the prosecutor was the man in that coach?
No.
Have you any doubt of the person of the prisoner?
None.
Did the prosecutor appear to you to be in liquor?
No; if he was he had got sober again, for he gave a very clear evidence before Mr. Bond; the prisoner was drunk, I believe, for he fell asleep for an hour before he was examined.
And so this great thief, when he was just taken up, and going to be examined, fell asleep?
Yes.
You took him ten yards from the coach?
Yes.
Was he running towards Carpmeal's door, or from it?
From it.
It was not the prisoner that opened the coach door?
Williams came out first.
The prisoner was drunk, and the prosecutor sober?
They appeared so to me.
Mr. Carpmeal is very ill, and I attend to produce some money that I received from him; I did not see him searched.
I am a victualler, in Goodman's-yard, in the Minories: On the 6th of November, I gave the prosecutor change for a five pound note; I gave him four guineas, a half-guinea, and the rest in silver and halfpence.
Are you sure you gave him four guineas?
Yes, I am sure of it; the prisoner was with him, they had got some punch before them; the prisoner wrapped it in a piece of paper, and gave it to the prosecutor, and he put it into his waistcoat-pocket.
Was Williams present at that time?
They were all sitting at the table together.
Did the prisoner lay it on the table, or give it into his hand?
I saw him give it into his hand, I believe, but I will not swear to it, I saw the prosecutor put it into his pocket.
Therefore, if any body has said the prisoner put it in his pocket, and not the prosecutor, that is not true?
He did not, to my knowledge, the prisoner wrapped it up in paper, and put it down on the table; the prosecutor then took it up and put it in his pocket, to the best of my knowledge.
If the prisoner had put it in his pocket you must have seen him?
Yes; I saw the prosecutor put it in his pocket.
In the change you are sure there was a half-guinea?
Yes; he put the half-guinea into a screw-box.
And you heard him just now swear that he had no half-guinea, did not you?
Yes.
I live in Anchor-rope-alley, St. George's in the East, I am a slop-seller.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Did you purchase any ticket of him?
Yes; for his wages, about the beginning of November; I cannot exactly say.
Before he was in custody?
Yes, some days.
What was the\\ amountof it?
Twenty-six pounds, eleven shillings.
What did you give him?
Between twenty-four and twenty-five pounds.
I live at the Golden-lion, Goodman's-yard, in the Minories: The prisoner was at our house along with Yeoman, on a Tuesday, I cannot say what day of the month, and I was told the next day he was taken up.
What time of the day was that?
Between three and four o'clock; they staid about an hour.
Was the prisoner sober or in liquor?
He seemed to me to be very sober; Yeoman was very much in liquor indeed; I told the prisoner I would be obliged to him if he would take him out of the house, he made such a noise.
Are you quite positive that the prosecutor was the person that you desired to have taken out of your house?
Yes; a coach was called, and stood at the door a good while, but this man would not go.
When did the coach go?
It went when they went, but whether they got into it or no I cannot say.
Do you keep the public-house?
My husband does.
Are you sure the prisoner at the bar was not drunk?
He did not seem so to me; they had had three shillings worth of brandy and water.
Have you been in Court all the time of this trial?
Yes.
Did you not hear a person swear, that he was drunk and went to sleep?
Yes, the coachman.
You were a good deal surprised, I suppose, to hear him say that?
Yes; the other man was very drunk.
How long ago was it that you were first applied to to become a witness here?
I was subpoenaed last Friday.
Before you were subpoenaed, you never had any conversation with any body about it?
No.
Did you never tell any body any thing about it?
No, I was surprised when the subpoena came, and said, it could not be for me.
And you are sure the prisoner was perfectly sober?
Yes, when he was at my house.
The prosecutor was so drunk, that he could not walk?
He could not make much of a walk of it.
He left your house about four o'clock?
Yes.
What state he was in at eight you cannot tell?
No.
Had you ever seen the prosecutor before?
No.
Were they in sailor's habits?
Yes; I had a good many other sailors in the house.
He has sworn positively he never was in your house?
I am sure he is the man that was so drunk.
I keep the Vine, in the Minories.
Do you remember the prisoner and the prosecutor coming to your house?
Yes, and Williams with them; the prosecutor was very drunk indeed, and behaved in a very ridiculous manner, jumping about, and knocking every thing about; he made a great noise, and kept holloaing to his shipmates, come along, come along, come along.
What time did they come to your house?
To the best of my recollection I think between five and six, and they might stay the space of an hour.
Are you sure they did not stay four hours?
No, it was about an hour.
Could a man, who had a distinct recollection, call it four hours?
No; my little boy was at the door, and one of them desired him to fetch a coach.
Was the prisoner drunk or sober?
I did not perceive that he was the worse for liquor, he behaved very well.
Was Williams drunk or sober?
I think he was in liquor; the prisoner said, if the young woman cannot get change, I will pay you; they were at the bar first, and had five or six glasses of liquor; then they went into the back room, and the prisoner ordered half-a-crown's-worth of punch; I told him I had no warm water; he said, never mind, make it like sailor's grog.
He did not tell you where he wanted to go?
No.
You did not hear him say he wanted them to take him to the Hercules?
No, they came to my house in a coach, and discharged it at my door.
You did not observe the prisoner drunk at all when he left your house?
No, he behaved in a very prudent manner?
He was not half-seas over?
No.
