I keep a shop in Cockspur-street ; I am a partner with Mr. Jeffereys; I did not know that I had lost it till the article was brought to be sold, which is near a month since from this time; it was brought by a person who is present as a witness, Wilson, it was shewed to some of our people in the shop, and they immediately took notice that it appeared like a ring of our own, and they brought it to me, and it appeared to me to be one of our own rings; we found then that we had lost a ring exactly of that sort; we did not discover it was gone till then.
Can you tell now about what time you lost the ring?
I really cannot, it must have been within three months of this time, because I had seen it in the shop; I certainly had not sold it, because it is so particular a ring, I should have known if it had been sold, I examined the person who brought it how he came by it, and he referred me to another person of the name of Miller in Gerrard-street; I went to Mr. Miller's to see in what way he came by it, and he referred me to the prisoner at the bar; I went to him, and examined him how he came by it; he said that a person of the name of Williams gave it to him to sell, and that he was gone to Birmingham where he lived; shortly after he said, if we would let him go he would endeavour to find the person; as his account was not satisfactory, I ordered the constable to take charge, and the next day when he came before the magistrate, he told another story, he said he had it from a person of the name Wheeler who gave it him to sell.
Are you sure yourself that that ring was one of your's?
The ring is so remarkable that I can pronounce it is mine, but I have those in court that made the ring.
You stated to us before that it was like one of your rings?
I did.
You did not know then but it might be another ring like your own. How many people are in the habit of selling articles in your shop?
There are three or four, Phillip Gilbert , Thomas Davis and another of the name of John Sharp a porter, there is another of the name of John Forbes .
I suppose there is such a man as Mr. Jeffereys; has he a share of the profits?
He has.
I am a goldsmith and jeweller. To all appearance this is the same ring that I was employed to make for Mr. Jones, but my two men are here.
I put this ring together to the best of my knowledge.
Why do you know that is the ring?
Because it is so very particular, but I cannot be positive without taking the ring to pieces. (Takes the ring to pieces.) I am satisfied that is the ring I made for Mr. Wildman.
I am positive that the ring Chasson put together was made for Mr. Jones and sent to him.
Do you know the prisoner?
I cannot positively swear to him that I have seen him in the shop, but his person and his voice are very familiar to me.
Do you think you saw him within these last three months?
Yes, I am certain I have.
Can you point out any mark you know that ring by?
Yes, by the motto part, of which was on an old ring, and the latter part was added.
I had some diamond letters by me, and I turned them into this ring; they were very remarkable.
I made part of this ring, I am perfectly sure that is the ring I made part of.
This ring was brought to me to be sold by the prisoner at the bar, about the 14th of May, he left it with me two hours; I told him I was not a judge of diamonds, if he would give me leave to keep it an hour or two I would send it down to Mr. Jones or Mr. Perigall's; I sent it to Mr. Perigall's, he told me it was not worth more than ten pounds, when he came again he said he did not like to sell it for ten pounds, he must go and ask first at Mary-le-bone whether they would take the ten pounds? he came back again and told me that they would take the ten pounds, and I bought it of him.
Did he bring the ring fairly and openly?
Yes, he did, he called again in about two hours.
Did he make any objection to your taking it to Jeffereys and Jones?
He did not.
Did he make any hesitation about leaving it?
He did not.
He originally refused the ten pounds?
He did.
Do you remember the name he mentioned?
I think it was Wheeler, but I have forgot the name of the street; I am sure it was in Mary-le-bone; I was in Mr. Jones's shop when the prisoner was there, and he said then that he had it of a Mr. Williams, whom he believed was gone to Birmingham.
You are sure he said Williams, and not Wheeler?
I think he did; I am not quite sure.
I live with Mr. Miller; I took the diamond for my master, and carried it down to Mr. Jones, and he told me to call again in two hours time, which I did.
I live with Mr. Jones; I have no doubt but that ring is the property of Mr. Jones, but I cannot so positively say as those gentlemen that were the manufacturers of it; I remember the ring being in the shop, I can positively say to seeing of it three months back; I suppose I have seen it two months back; I was likewise present when the prisoner in our shop said that he had it of a Mr. Williams that was gone to Birmingham.
I have two witnesses to bring into this court to prove that Mr. Wheeler, living at No. 14, Harford-street, Mary-le-bone, offered this ring publicly to sell in the Adam and Eve public house, in Mary-le-bone. I never was in Mr. Jones's shop in my life, till I went with Mr. Miller. In my flurry I might have said that I had it from Mr. Williams, but I meant at Mr. Wheeler's, he has left his house and gone away.
Have you ever seen a ring in the custody of Wheeler?
Yes.
Should you know the ring again was you to see it?
It was a collar ring with a french motto.
When did you see it in Wheeler's possession?
About three weeks before Mr. Richard's was taken, I was generally where I spend my evening after I have done my work, the ring was brought to to me to know what it was worth; I told him it was worth about eight to ten guineas; I am a jeweller, the prisoner was in the room at that time.
Where did Wheeler live?
I don't know.
Did you know Wheeler before?
I knew him by sight but not to speak to him.
How do you know it was Wheeler?
I was told it was.
I was at the Adam and Eve when the ring was offered to sale; Mr. Thybaut was sitting there, and they were shewing a ring, I should not know it if I was to see it.
Do you know the prisoner?
I have some distant recollection of seeing him, but not to speak positively, I think I have seen him in our shop, but I am not positive of that.
You said his person and voice was familiar to you?
I do believe I have seen him in our shop at the time I tell you, but at the same time I do not swear positively to the fact, but it could not be any where else but in the shop.
