I lodge at Mr. Hayman's; I was present when the things were found in the prisoner's box; they are in the custody of one of the officers.
I am lanthorn bearer and beadle's assistant in St. james's watch-house,(Produces some handkerchiefs, a pillow-case, and a petticoat); they were delivered to me when the prisoner was taken into custody.
These are my property, I have wore them repeatedly, I have got others at home like them.
I am a constable.
What is your husband's name?
Jacob Cassivilan Fancourt; this pen-case in mine; the things were all found in a box of the prisoner's, she was my servant.
I searched the box a second time, and found this pen-case in it.
These things that are produced, you say are like several that you have?
Yes.
Therefore you do not mean absolutely to swear to their being your property, but that they are like your's?
I mean to swear that they are mine.
A great many others of the same quality come from India?
Yes; they were made under my inspection.
What is there about this pen-case that makes you suppose it to be your's?
I bought it at Madras, and I never saw any like it besides.
You have a black servant, I believe?
Yes.
Is she here?
No.
She was employed by the prisoner to wash?
Yes, she was.
In what capacity was the prisoner?
As my cook, and to wash my morning gowns.
Whether that black girl might give her these things to wash without your knowledge, you cannot say?
I cannot swear that, but I should think it impossible.
I live in Golden-square, Mrs. Fancourt lodges at my house, I was present at the opening of the prisoner's box, when these things were found.
Was that box under lock and key of the prisoner?
Yes, I saw her open it.
Had she been, previous to that, charged with taking any property of Mrs. Fancourt's?
No. On the 9th of November my servant complained that she had lost several articles of her own wearing-apparel, and upon hearing that, with Mrs. Fancourt's leave, I called all the servants together, and the prisoner's box was the first thing that was opened, and upon its being opened, Mrs. Fancourt found these things belonging to her; the watchman was called in, and we gave charge of her, with the property, to the watchman; some of my servant's things were found in the room, but not in the box.
There were other persons in the house who had access to that room besides her?
I understood it always to be kept locked.
It was not till after you had challenged all the servants in the house, that you went up and found these things in the box?
No, it was not.
The prisoner was acquainted that her box was to be searched?
Yes, with the other servants.
And she then gave you the key, and opened the box?
She hesitated very much before she did it.
Did she not at that time say, that she had received them from the black girl?
She did not acknowledge to have received all of them from the black girl; the petticoat was the first thing taken out; she said she had that from the black girl to wash; with respect to the handkerchiefs, she said they were things not fit to be looked at, implying that they were foul linen, but they were not.
I am a watchman; I was called in to Mr. Hayman's, in Golden-square, to take charge of the prisoner and the property, which I did, Mr. Hayman went with us to the watch-house.
That pen-case my mistress gave me, and the other things I had to wash, but had not had time.
Did you ever give the prisoner that pen-case?
No.
Is there any particular reason why the black girl was not produced?
None upon earth, she cannot speak English.
