I live in Upper Guildford-street, St. Pancras : I saw the prisoner come up the area steps, out of the kitchen, on the 18th of February, about eight o'clock; I apprehended him and took him to the watch-house, and there was an iron crow found upon him, but no property.
I am servant to Mr. Baird: On the 18th of February, I went out for some tea, and left my fellow servant, William White, in care of the kitchen; I shut the kitchen door, with a spring lock, and the scullery door with a latch; when I came back, I found the scullery door open, that opens into the kitchen, and the kitchen door shut; and the area steps door was open; we suppose he came down those steps.
Is there any outer door from the scullery to the area?
Yes; I left that shut, and found it open; when I came into the kitchen, I shut the door after me again; I then saw that man come from the laundry door, at the back part of the house; he told me, he had come of an errand; I asked him a second and a third time, what he did there; he said, what did it signify to me what errand he came on.
Did you know him?
No; I placed myself against the kitchen door, and told him he should not go without telling what errand he came on; and he told me, I might kiss his a-e; he went up stairs, and dropped two aprons of mine; they are not worth much; they are only sit for wiping candlesticks with; they are not worth above sixpence.
Did you see me drop them?
No; it was too dark; I was the last person that went down, and he the first that went up; and there was nothing upon the steps when I came down.
I am servant to Mr. Baird; I was called up out of the kitchen at the time, I was along with my master, I left nobody below; my master called me up about a quarter of an hour after Mary Presland went out.
I am a plaisterer ; I had been to put up a marble chimney-piece just by Queen-square, and when I had finished work, they gave me some of their strong ale; and being in a close room, and coming into the air, I was very much intoxicated; I endeavoured to lay hold of the top of the rails to keep my self up, and I suppose, the gate being open, I fell to the ground.
