I am a linen-draper , in Newgate-street : On Saturday the 2d of April, between eight and nine in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop, and asked for some handkerchiefs; I fetched a wrapper, and asked him if he wanted some square ones, or corner ones; he said, no, he wanted some coloured silk ones; I then brought what silk handkerchiefs I had, and laid on the counter before him; I shewed him several; he said they were not so good as what he wanted; I shewed him another piece, a very good one, a twilled one, he said, no, he wanted India; I told him, I did not keep India ones; I shewed him another, and he said, they were not so good as he wanted, he repeated it three times; he went from the shop, and a Mrs. Fearne, who is here, was standing in the shop, and told me he had got some handkerchiefs; I ran after him, and also my young man, whose name is Brooks; he ran across the way; my young man saw him first, he was before me, a coach passed, which prevented my seeing him; I heard my young man call out, stop thief, and I turned out of the pavement and saw the prisoner run underneath the horses of one of the coaches at the stand, the corner of the Old Bailey; I ran up directly, my young man had hold of him, and I laid hold of him, a man says, here is the handkerchiefs, and gave them me; I don't know who it was; I did not see him take them, nor had any idea of it, till Mrs. Fearne told me so; they were silk handkerchiefs, eight in number; there was my private mark upon one of them, and they are not separate, they are all in one piece.
Are you sure this very piece was shewn him upon the counter?
Yes; I have valued them at 34s. I gave more for them.
I am a distant relation of Mrs. Bloomfield's, I was there by accident to buy the shawl I have now on; I saw the prisoner in Mr. Bloomfield's shop on Saturday evening, about twenty minutes past eight; he asked to look at some handkerchiefs; Mr. Bloomfield asked him if he wanted some square ones, or corner ones; he said he did not want white ones, he wanted coloured silk handkerchiefs; he made a great deal of objection, he had several pieces shewn him; he said, they were not dark enough, he wanted one darker than the one he had on, and they must be India ones; he asked Mr. Bloomfield if he had no better, he said, no, he had not; he asked him again, three or four times; he then said, they would not do, and went out of the shop; when he had got about two yards from the counter, I said to Mr. Bloomfield, he had got some handkerchiefs, they were stuffed into the sleeve of his lame arm; I did not see him take them; I did not see them till he was about two yards from the counter, when I gave the alarm; and Mr. Bloomfield and his young man ran out of the shop; I staid till the handkerchiefs were brought back by Mr. Bloomfield, the man was not brought back; Mr. Bloomfield desired me to put a mark upon them.
Did that appear to be the same piece of handkerchief that you saw in his sleeve?
It is impossible for me to say, it was of the same colour.
I am a servant to Mr. Bloomfield; I saw the prisoner come into the shop, and my master shewed him some handkerchiefs; he objected to them, and said, they were too much of the Spital-fields sort for him; he said, he wanted a better sort; he then went out of the shop, and Mrs. Fearne said, he had got some handkerchiefs about him; the prisoner immediately ran out of the shop, I jumped over the counter and went out immediately; I lost sight of him for a moment, and at last saw him running by the side of Newgate; I immediately ran after him, and he ran between the first and second coach on the stand; he turned round, and saw me very close to him, and then he went through between the second and third coach; I followed him there, and he went through between the first and second again; when I got there, he got into the broad way, and I immediately cried stop thief; I was close to him when he was stopped, and he was then detained; a man came up, and said, here are the handkerchiefs, I have just taken them from him, and gave them to Mr. Bloomfield.
Was that in the hearing of the prisoner?
Close to him.
Did you see the handkerchiefs about me?
No. (The constable produced the handkerchiefs).
It has my private mark upon it, I believe it to be the hand-writing of one of my young men, it is my private shop mark; I had just been taking stock the 9th of last month, and this corresponds with my stock, within two, which some of my young men think I have sold; it is an article I keep very few of, for they only bring me in such customers as these.
I was going to Deptford, I am wounded in my thigh, and have got a pension for it, besides losing my arm; I have got one about my neck of the Spitalfields sort, and it is all gone to pieces, and I wanted something of the India kind, and in coming out, a young man was behind the lady, she cried out directly, the man has got something; I went out and cried holloa, you have got something; I could not run, I walked, and there was a mob, and a cry of stop thief; my friends are not here, and who could prove that I never had any thing on more than I have at present; I have been nineteen months in the French hospital, I never wore a book, or any thing of that sort, it is impossible that I could have put them into this sleeve; I will leave it to any gentleman whether my arm would uphold a hook, the French surgeons cut it six or seven times, and my thigh too; I did not expect my trial to come on till to-morrow.
