I lost a watch, on the 21st of this month, about twenty minutes before nine, to the best of knowledge, in the evening, I lost it in Hyde park ; I was walking there; I was just walking in, as I went in I found a child's shoe, which I took up into my own hand, I judged some child had dropped it some where; this was before the robbery, this was the way the woman made up her acquaintance to speak to me, I took the child's shoe into my hand, and I saw a little girl with a child in her arms, and she was crying; I asked her what was the matter? she said she had lost the child's shoe; I then gave the little girl the child's shoe; on which another woman came up with this woman, and told me to give the child the shoe; and then she came up to me, and I told her I had given the child the shoe; then they told me that they were walking in the Park, and at the same time I was going to have a pot of beer at the public house, and these same two women came into the public house to me.
How long was you walking with them in the Park before you went to take a pot of beer?
Not above five minutes.
Did you go in with them or did they follow you?
They followed me in as a part of my company; I told them I would give them a pot of beer; with that I took the beer, and there was a soldier came in, sat down in the same seat, and said that it was very severe work, he was at exercise, and he called for a pint of beer; we drank the pot of beer, and when the pot of beer was out the woman went away, and left me there; then the soldier began chattering with me, and I told the soldier I would treat him with a pint of beer; I did so, and before that pint of beer was out these two women returned; then they told me I was not safe to be in the company of a soldier, accordingly I told them I never was afraid to sit in a soldier's company. When the pint of beer was out I got up to go home, and they came out along with me, and walked along with me, the two women and the soldier, into Hyde Park; we all four went into Hyde Park, it was my way home, I thought to part with them to go home, and this woman here attacked me for my watch; on which I was struggleing for my watch, she got it out of my hand by giving me a blow on the back of my head, and knocked me down after a long struggle, on which there was a man came up to my assistance, and asked me if I had been robbed? I told him I had; says he, had you a watch? I told him I had; says he, have you got it now? no, says I, I have not. She made off when she had got the watch, and left me on the ground, and she was taken in the gravel pits, and the watch, by the man, and brought to me.
What became of the other woman and soldier?
They got away while the man was pursuing after this woman, they were not taken; they were both present.
What business are you?
I am a servant.
Had you been drinking?
No more than one pint of beer just after my dinner.
Was you perfectly sober when you was treating these women?
I was pretty sober, very sensible of what I was doing.
Was you quite sober?
I was, I did not take any thing to make me otherwise.
You had no acquaintance with them before?
Never saw them before.
Had you any acquaintance with the soldier?
Never.
What part of the Park was it that you wanted to go away from them?
I am not very well acquainted with the place.
This was about nine o'clock at night?
It was.
Did you wish them good night?
I did.
Or did you shew an inclination to leave them?
I wished them a good night.
Did the other offer to meddle with you?
Not that I can tell, because I was so stunned by the blow.
Did she lay hold of your watch?
She laid hold of the chain; I had the watch in my hand; she had got the watch out of my pocket, and she was behind me struggling with me at the time, and the other was the woman attacking me.
Just now you swore that the man and the other woman did not meddle with you at all. How happened you to swear that positively?
The man did not to my knowledge, I can safely say that; but I think the other woman was attacking me as well as this woman.
I want to know how this woman could have hold of your watch, and which was in your hand, and yet she got behind you, and knocked you down, she and you had never been any where together?
No, I never meant to give her any more than a pot of beer. I am a married man, and have a wife and children; I only went and treated them with a pot of beer, and no more.
Last Friday it wanted about twenty minutes to nine o'clock, I saw the prisoner at the bar, and the prosecutor, and another woman and a soldier in Hyde Park, within about sixty or seventy yards from the Serpentine River, and I saw the woman with him, and I saw the man down and his hat was some distance from him, and I told a man who was standing by to run to his assistance, for I thought the women had robbed him, because I saw the man down, and the women about him; the other woman got away some where or other, but I pursued this woman to the Gravel Pits, and I found her with this watch, I took her to the watch-house; I have had the watch in my custody ever since.
Did you see how the man came down, whether he was knocked down or pushed down?
He was down when I first saw him. I pursued the woman, and then I brought the woman back to him; he then said he had been robbed of his watch.
Can you tell us whether he was drunk or sober?
He appeared to have been drinking, but he was sensible; I believe he might be in liquor.
I and another girl was coming across the Park, we met this gentleman, and he asked us to go and have a pot or two of beer; we went and partook of two pots of beer, and when we came back again it was about half past nine; we were drinking along with three soldiers, we sat down and drank with him a little, and we all came out together, and going along the Park he pulled the watch out of his pocket, for the soldier to see what it was o'clock, and when we came down to the Serpentine River he told the other girl he would give her and I a shilling a piece, and he put down his watch, and I took it up, and took it to one of the Gravel Pits.
