I live in Southampton-row, Bloomsbury: On the 29th of September, I lost some lead from the top of a house of mine; Mr. Burton called upon me, and told me he was sure there was somebody there; I went and listened with him, and was convinced there was somebody at the top of some of the houses in Southampton-terrace ; upon which we immediately struck every ladder about the premises, in order to prevent every possibility of escape; with that we got some assistance to surround the whole of the premises; and I and Mr. Burton ascended the top of the house with a boy and a lanthorn; this was about a quarter past eight.
Was it dark?
Quite; it was a very dark night; we went up on the inside with the only ladder there was; when we got to the top of the second or third house, we found the gutters rolled up and tied in a bag, and lying there; in consequence of which we endeavoured to find out the man; we searched from house to house, and after two hours had esapsed we found the prisoner standing in the two pair of stairs, in the house adjoining to that where the lead was cut up; we found him in a very perilous situation, over a well forty feet beneath him; he had his shoes off, and tucked inside of his jacket; it was impossible for any body to have got into the house in which he was found, he must have got in at the top through a trap-door; the bottom was perfectly inclosed; there was likewise found two knives upon him, which had every appearance of cutting the lead, for they were bent.
Was this lead upon your premises?
Yes; and it was laid down and matched exactly to the gutter, (the lead produced); it has been in my possession ever since.
As I was passing by some houses at the end of Southampton-row, called Southampton-terrace, that are unfinished, I heard somebody at work upon the top of the houses, cutting lead; I applied to the prosecutor, and after preventing every possible escape, we traced the premises, and found part of the guiters cut up; the lead which was found in the gutter, upon being matched to the gutter, exactly corresponded; being perfectly satisfied that the person could not escape from the premises, we went on till we found the prisoner at the bar.
Did he give any account at all how he came there?
Before the constable of the night, when he was taken to the watch-house, he said, he had got over a house, inclosed at the bottom, and that he had got over the top of a door-way to get into that house, which was next to where the lead was cut from; he said, he had got in there to take a night's lodging, that he had no other place; there was no other possible means of getting into this house, but by getting over that door-way, or a doorway at the top of the house, which communicates with where the lead had been cut up; this is the same lead, it has my mark upon it.
I heard an alarm at the top of Mr. Scrimshaw's house, and assisted in the search; a boy that was present, said, he heard him in this house; I gave the alarm to Mr. Burton, and he was found there, we could hear him plainly walking across the joists; we found upon him these two knives, (produces them)
I had been trying to get into St. Bartholomew's Hospital, and St. Thomas's, and I could not; I had not a farthing to help myself; I could not pay for a bed, and I got in to sleep there; I had just come up from Portsmouth; I had a bad leg from a hurt I got on board a man of war; I know nothing at all of the lead.
