I live at Shoreditch ; I missed a bed and pillow last Monday week; I found them a few days afterwards, at a man's house in Wheeler's-street, Spitalfields, I don't recollect his name; I knew the things, when I saw them, he lived with a woman that I let the room to, at the next door.
The prisoner came to me, and asked me to take out a pillow from Mr. Smith's, I took a pillow and a blanket out of pawn for half-a-crown, and paid a penny interest, and gave him 19d.; last Sunday night was a week, he brought a bed to my house, and demanded 7s. for it, it being a holiday, I could not buy it, but he complained of being very much in distress, and I lent him half-a-crown, he came afterwards, and I gave him 3s. 31/2d.; Peach and Harper took them away from my house, Mr. Harlow came, and owned the pillow and the bed.
I am an officer: On Wednesday the 19th of this month, going up Wheeler's-street, I was called in by Harlow, into the shop of Myers, he told me he had found his bed; I went in, and found the bed and the pillow there, (produces them;) I have had them ever since; on the Sunday following, I heard that the prisoner was apprehended in the city, I went before my Lord-Mayor, and told him what he was wanted for at Worship-street Office, and he gave him into my custody.
I lived with the prisoner; he took two blankets out of the place, and a quilt and bolster, a feather pillow, and a flock-bed; I asked him where he carried the blankets, and the quilt, and the pillow, and he said, to one Mr. Smith's; I went up into the room, after I came from my work, and missed them, and he told me he took them there.
Will you say I took that bed without your knowledge?
He took the bed while I was out; I did not know any thing at all about it.
I carried the bed to the Jew, that woman desired me to do the bed, and I told her to do it herself, and I went home with her, and she asked me to take hold of one end, and I the other, and we brought it to Mr. Smith's; I did not know it was a ready furnished lodging, I thought the things were all her own.
He could not think any such thing, because he asked me to go and take the room, I was at an acquaintance's house in Hackney-road.
This woman lay upon the bare sacking of the bedstead along with me, and if I had done any thing unlawful, and she had not been privy to it, she would have gone and told Mr. Harlow of it.
