I am a haberdasher in Oxford-street , in partnership with my two sisters, Penelope and Rebecca: we have a house between us. The glass of the shop-window was broke last Saturday evening near eleven: one of the witnesses and another lad were in the shop; I was in the parlour at supper; I heard the glass crack, and went to the door; I missed some goods; I could not tell what, but they were brought back, and were my property; a piece of silk, a remnant, and 7 silk handkerchiefs; they were in the window, and brought back again. The prisoner was taken to the watch-house; I did not see him there: this is the silk, it is mine.
I produced these seven handkerchiefs; I ran out; I live about forty yards off; I heard the cry of Stop thief! and a woman gave me the handkerchiefs; I never saw the prisoner till after he was taken; the woman is not here; she knew me, but I hardly knew her in the confusion.
I was standing in the shop; I heard the breaking of the window; I ran out and followed him, and in Great Argyle-street he was taken; I lost sight of him in turning the corner; I saw him running; I had not seen his face; I cannot tell whether the man that was taken in Argyle-street was the same that was in the shop.
On Saturday evening I was crossing Swallow-street to Mr. Matthew's door, and heard the glass break; I saw the prisoner running across Oxford-street, nigh King-street, and I saw him throw this piece of sarsenet facing Sharp the brewer's; I followed him; he turned up Little Argyle-street into Great Argyle-street, and took up this piece of sarsenet, and gave it to Mr. Shepherd, wine merchant, Oxford Road. I saw the prisoner taken by the watchman and another: I am sure the prisoner was the man that I saw running from Mr. Matthew's shop; I knew him by his running and his clothes; Mr. Shepherd gave it immediately to Matthew's; I saw him.
I have had it ever since; I had no other piece of the kind.
I was in Mr. Dodry's warehouse, my master, on Saturday night, about eleven. I heard a window break; I saw the prisoner run across the road with something in his hand; he dropped it; I saw a man pick it up; I was close to him; I followed him to Apple-street, where he was taken by a man with a basket.
I was crossing Oxford-Road on Saturday evening with Robert Platt ; I heard the window break, and I immediately said to him, take up the pieces, and I saw a young man dragging something out of the window; Robert Platt and me followed immediately, and two more men; and I rather retreated back; I thought those two fellows belonged to him; and before I could get up to him, he was taken. I am sure the prisoner was the person that took it from the window; it was a moon-light night, and the shop had candles; I saw him run across as well as from the window.
I am a watchman. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and the prisoner came following past my box; I sprung my rastle; he was coming out of one of the houses; he fell down, and I got hold of him, and took him to the watch-house.
I had been along with a captain to the West Indies, to Bridge Town in Barbadoes; I had been gone about ten months; it was with Captain Carey , of Blackheath. A lad, that was on board the same ship with me, met me one day after I left my place, in Berwick-street: he told me he was a plasterer, and would get me a master. I had been after him; and coming down Oxford-street, I heard the alarm, and I ran, and some gentlemen knocked me down, and a mob came round me, and they picked me up; I do not know where the shop is; I have no witnesses.
I wish to recommend him to mercy, on account of his youth .
