I live in St. George's in the East, the corner of Duke-street, in the New Road; I am a captain of the black army in the West Indies .
Do you keep house?
Yes. On the 17th of October 1794, I was arrested by a son-in-law of mine, for fourteen pounds costs, put into a sponging house, in wellclose-square; I sent to one Benjamin Moses , a jew, to send some honest man to come and bail me, and this Benjamin could not come, there was an execution for him, so he was afraid to come; so this man, the prisoner, came and palavered my wife over, and carried my wife to East Smithfield, and drawed two bail bonds to take me out; so with that they got one guinea from my poor wife, and two shillings and seven-pence for searching the office, and desired me to pay the bail a shilling; so with that he said, I will get you out at night; then he sent my wife to me for a guinea; my wife came, and he got that guinea from her, she gave him the guinea, and he gave my wife this paper, and said, it would get her husband out at night.
How came this man to bail you?
Benjamin sent him to me, and he said he would get a man to bail me.
Did you ever give this man any money?
Yes. I paid him a shilling for the copy of the warrant, and two shillings and seven pence for searching the office. The two guineas he got from my wife.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes.
How long have you know him?
Only the time my husband was arrested. My husband was in the sponging house, and he sent me to go to Benjamin to get him bailed; so this man said he would get my husband out of the sponging house, and took me to one Mr. Noy, and I gave the guinea to Mr. Noy; he said there must be two guineas for two bail bonds, so he had some papers, and I went to my husband for the other guinea, and he was waiting for me in the square, and when I came out to him he took the guinea from me, and I hallooed out stop thief! a person went to stop him, says he, don't stop me, it is my wife; and one Mr. Slay shewed me where Mr. Noy lived, and I went there, and he said, if I came there he would send the constable after me. Then I came back again.
If I understand you right, this man was to have bailed your husband?
He was to have two guineas for two bail bonds.
What is Fernandez?
He goes about teaching.
I was coming home one Friday night, I see this jew, and this woman, Mrs. Bowling; Mrs. Bowling had been to her husband in the sponging house where he was arrested, and he said, I have got a man that will get him out this night; says the prisoner, have you got the other guinea? O, yes, says she, I have; O, then, says be, I will get your husband out to night; says he, where is the guinea? Says she, I have got it in my hand; and he took it out of herhand and ran down the street, and she hallooed out, and he said to the people, O, don't stop me. it is my wife.
Court to Prosecutrix. How was it about this second guinea?
I got the guinea from my husband; the prisoner was waiting in the square for me, and he pulled out the papers and said it is two bail bonds instead of two men, and he said, have you got another guinea? I said, yes; and he took the guinea out of my hand, and ran down the street.
You are clear you did not give him the guinea into his hand?
No, I did not; I gave Mr. Noy a guinea.
Knapp. How soon did you go to Clerkenwell to preser this indictment?
I believe it is about a fortnight now.
To Prosecutor. How soon did you go to the Grand Jury to preser a bill against this person for the first indictment?
It was in May.
The money was got from you in October 1794?
Yes; I was in gaol, and I was sick when I came out in May.
You was in custody for fourteen pounds costs?
Yes.
You know Benjamin well?
Yes; he used to draw recognizances.
This man was sent to you to become bail?
No, Mr. Benjamin sent him as an errand boy, to know whether Mr. Hill would take his bail.
To Prosecutrix. Did not you give the second guinea for the purpose of another person becoming bail, whoever that person was?
There was no person; it was under pretence of bailing.
You never took the desendant up?
We could not find him.
To Prosecutrix. Did you take out a warrant till the 2d of May?
I did not. I went to Mr. Davis, of Rupert-street; he said it was so long ago he could not give any warrant, he said I must indict him.
Then you come the next session to indict him?
Yes.
Before that session, and before you went to the magistrate, had you taken out any warrant?
I applied to the two magistrates in Ratcliff-highway, twice in May.
Were you present when the warrant was served on the prisoner?
Yes; the judge's warrant was served on him the 9th of June; he says then, it is not me, it is my brother took the money from your wife, my brother has a speck in his eye, just like me. The constable took the man, and let the man go again; he said it was not the man; and we said it was; he ran away from my wife, and I and Horsey got him hold by the tail, and brought him back.
To Prosecutrix. Did not you offer if you could get the two guineas again, you would not prosecute him?
I told him he must come and settle it with his master and my master.
He brought an action against Mr. Brown, did not be?
Which Brown? Old Brown? - I don't know. Here is my husband, ask him.
To Prosecutor. Do you remember bringing an action against Mr. Brown? Was not you in custody on that account, and did not you arrest Mr. Brown for two thousand pounds on that occasion?
Two Thousand pounds! I know nothing about it. I brought about one thousand eight hundred pounds with me from Antigua.
Court to Mrs. Bowling. You are sure that he took the money out of your hand?
Yes, as sure as I think to go to Heaven, because I can read in my bible, that I ought to keep my hands from picking and stealing.
To Midbust. Are you sure he took the guinea out of her hand?
Yes.
Knapp. Did you know the black before?
Yes. I knew him in his white wife's time. The guinea was to get bail for her husband, I took on it so.
Did not you hear this, that he was to receive the guinea in order to pay it to Mr. Noy, or the bail, in order to procure the discharge of the black out of custody?
I know nothing about it farther.
Did you know the prisoner at the bar?
I know he was a jew; I have seen him before, but I know nothing of him.
Positively, my lord, it is a very false accusation; I went to the lock-up-house to Bowley, he told me that he was falsely arrested; I offered the bail of Mr. Benjamin, Mr. Hill refused the bail; I then took the woman to Mr. Noy, and then she gave Mr. Noy one guinea, and Mr. Noy went and searched. When she came to me again, I then said, good woman, I will trouble my head no more with you, I must be paid for my labour; she said, if I would do justice to her she would give a guinea. That other woman never was there, as sure as there is a supreme judge. I believe the prosecutrix gave me the second guinea in East Smithfield. Afterwards they came to me, on the 9th of June; I went up to them when they came and asked them if they knew I was a thief? They said, I was not the person; I was retained in Mr. Horsey's custody three quarters of an hour; then they came back, and the woman said they would make it up for two guineas; and the man says, you d-mned b-ch, I will have the expences of the indictment. She made no reply, but he tells her, positively swear, right or wrong, he robbed you; for which afterwards they made me out a bill of five pounds; I told them I would not go nigh them; then they wanted six pounds one shilling and sixpence; I then said, if I did any thing illegal I would go through the law. On that motive I come before this honourable Court and jury, to surrender myself up under no bail, in order to thew you my innocence. I have been brought up in the Portugueeze Hebrew College for fourteen years; I never wronged man, woman, nor child. I undoubtedly, at this present time, do educare poor children who cannot afford to pay me, because the times are hard; how much less would I commit that horrid crime; and therefore I hope you will hear my witnesses.
I am headborough of Whitechapel parish. The prosecutor brought a judge's warrant to me; I asked him where the person was to be found? He told me he was to be found at one Mr. Phillips's, in Cartwright-street, Rosemary-lane. I asked him at what time? He told me he would be there teaching some children between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; I told him if he should come I would go with him, but I could not tell the man by his description. Accordingly he came about eight o'clock, as nigh as I can guess, and I went with him to the house of Mr. Phillips, in Cartwright-street; I look upon it there were six or seven people sat there, all jews.
Was the wife with you at this time?
No. I went in first, and he followed me; when he came in he staid for some considerable time, I said to him, who is the man that you want? he made me no answer; I said, God bless me, don't you know the man that you want He goes immediately up to this man that was sitting teaching some children, and he says, is your name Fernandez? Says he, what do you want with him? I said, he wants you to get some wages for him. He says, is not your name Fernandez? He says, no, I have a brother of that name. I says, God bless me, are not you certain of the man that you want? He then said, I will go and fetch my wife; and he went away, and I detained the man. When his wife came she stood similar the same as he did for some time, and she looks round, and says, is not your name Fernandez? He says, no, I have a brother of that name. Says he, mind what you are about, for if you take a wrong person you will be punished for it. Says she, then let me hear you speak; the man spoke; she then says, I don't think it is the man, I think he was rather taller. She asked him if his brother squinted the same as he did? He said, yes. The black said to his wife, d-mn your blood, don't you know Fernandez? Then afterwards she said, she did not believe it was Fernandez, she thought it was taller; then she said she wanted her two guineas; and her husband said, he wanted his expences. I said, as neither of you know the man, it will be very unsafe for me to take him. I left him there; the black and his wife, and I came out to gether, and she told me I should have took him till he had found his brother. I told her I had no right to take him for his brother, unless she was punctual that was the man. The next morning they came to my house to know whether Fernandez had sent to his brother to settle it with me. I told them he had not.
Did Fernandez run away from you?
He went out backwards, and I thought he would run away, and I went out after him.
What past the next morning?
I went with the black to petticoat-lane, to see to find him again, I told them if I should see him again, I should know him among a thousand. I went and found out where he had a school. I did not hear much about it that day, but the next day the black sent a little man for me to the public house, a lawyer, I believe he was; accordingly I went; there was a man with him, a short man, called me backwards, and he puts a note into my hand (I think they called him Ferguson) that was made out for the two guineas and the expences, they came to five pounds something odd; I gave the bill back again, and I said, if you settle it you must settle it among yourselves.
After this did you ever see any more about the black?
Not till he came to my door, making a noise, because he said I had let the man go.
Then the man was not taken by you?
No.
You are headborough of the parish?
Yes.
When the man came to you with the judge's warrant, what did he say?
He said I was to find the man in Cartwright street, Westminster.
Did the man live there?
No, Mr. Phillips where he was teaching lived there.
Then when he had been there some time he went up and said that was the man?
No, he stood for some time, and then I asked him which was the man? and I told the prisoner, if you are the man, I have got a judge's warrant against you, for stealing two guineas, and I shewed it him; he said he was not the man, he had got a Brother of that name.
Then what became of the man?
The man I detained there till his wife came; he went back over some low pales in the yard, he said he was going to the necessary.
How high was the pales?
As high as I am.
When he got on the other side, what became of him?
I catched hold of him; I made him go back over the pales again.
You are sure that both the man and woman were uncertain as to his person?
They were, there were six or seven people there besides me.
I suppose you know Benjamin?
I have seen him many times.
How long have you known the prisoner?
I never see him before that time with my eyes.
I am a dealer, live in Cartwright-street, Rosemary lane.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Were you present with the last witness at the time that a judge's warrant was going to be executed on him?
Yes.
Did the black man, the prosecutor, come with him?
Yes. When the black man first came into my house, he asked whether one Mr. Phillips lived there? I told him yes, I was Phillips; he asked me whether there was not a man in my house that used to get wages from on board a ship? I told him no; as soon as he spoke, before ever he spoke the officer came up to the man, and says, is this the man? he said he did not know, he would go and fetch his wife; he said he came for two guineas that his wife gave to bail him out. When the wife came she did not know the man, she knew he had another brother, and she thinks it was his brother, she was not sure it was he; the black man says to his wife, is this the man? this is Mr. Phillips's-schoolmaster, why will not you swear to him? she said she could not swear to him, she would see the other brother first; afterwards they reconciled it, and they would go home, and they desired me to speak to his brother for the two guineas, and the expences, what was the sum they mentioned I cannot pretend to know the particulars; they came to my house the next morning, and brought me a bill, and said they would take it as a say if I could give it him.
Did you ever see the black afterwards?
great many times, I met him once in Holborn afterwards, and I asked him how he came to swear a robbery against the prisoner, why did not he summons him? he said Mr. Benjamin had advised him to swear a robbery against him, because then he would be sure to recover damages.
When Bowling said he came for two guineas that his wife had given him to bail him out, what answer did the prisoner make?
I don't know he made any answer at all; I had a little child went into sits, frighted at seeing the black man, and we were all so confused, that we took no notice of what past.
Did not you see him go out and brought back again?
No, I did not see that.
When he was desired to speak to his brother about the two guineas, what did he say to that?
He said if his brother had it, he dare say he would not wrong any body of it.
What did he say to his having it?
He said he never robbed any man on the highway in his life.
Court to Mrs. Bowling. When you went to take this man, had you any doubt about his person? did you know the man before?
Never before Benjamin sent him; I went to the house where he lodged, and the woman tells me he is a very bad man. When I went with Horsey and my husband, I told him he was the man, and when I came out, Horsey says, d-mn him he is the man, at last I said, why did not you take him, I told you he is the man, and my husband told you so six times.
I am brought in guilty; as true as there is a supreme being reigning over the universe at this present time, I am as innocent of the accusation as a child not come forth from the womb of his mother, and if you was to take and hang me up momentarily, I should die with a free conscience.
You know that you are the man that had the two guineas, by your own defence; you have attempted to set up a defence, founded, I am afraid to say, in perjury; your calling God to witness is a mockery of the deity. You know in your own conscience that you snatched the money out of this poor woman's hand, and these witnesses have aggravated your case exceedingly indeed, for you have now con-vinced me that you are a very hardened sinner indeed.
