I keep a public house in St. James's stairs, Shadwell . On the 15th of June, close on eleven o'clock at night, the prisoner was there, and his wife and another woman, and the deceased. This dead woman lived in my house, rented a room of me; this said day she was out the greatest part of the day about business; she came home about six o'clock, and brought two of her friends in with her, one she took out with her and the other she met, and called for a pot of beer in the kitchen; John Hurley and his wife sat at the far end of the house, and another woman that was in company with them, in another room; by and by they settled their reckoning, and they left the room, and they went into their company, the company of the deceased, and they drank together; there was a master of a ship came, and another woman with them; at ten o'clock I went and see them all very social together, as far as I know; I went and told them I was an early woman, and I wished them to settle their reckoning and go; they said they had got a pot of beer, and they would sit and drink it out; and I went and shut up the shutters, and went back again, thinking they had drank their beer, and I heard Hurley's wife aggravating the dead woman, calling her the cock of the walk; and I heard Hurley say something, but I do not recollect; and I begged of them to be quiet; I said, say nothing to that, especially to a woman in her condition.
What was her condition?
Quite big with child. Then one of the gentlemen that was in company with her took her by the arm and took her into the taproom, and Hurley went out after them, and the dead woman come out of the tap room again and went into the kitchen with a candle in her hand, and she says something, she said, that Hurley's wife wanted to stay later to rob the house; Hurley turned round sharp and said, what did she say to you? she answered her husband, she called me a whore, and said, I wanted to rob the house; with that he went directly and knocked her against the cellar door; she called out for a light, and said, that he had hold of her head, and I went to them with a light as soon as possible; and when I came with the light he let her go, and down she dropped in a gore of blood, and died in about an hour.
Was any thing said by Hurley or the dead woman after?
No; he was shoved out, and I was afraid he would come in. I sent for the midwife and the doctor.
Morgan. What time was it that M'Clarin came home to your house with the two men?
Six o'clock.
At what time was it that this unhappy accident happened?
About eleven.
Was she in your house from six till eleven?
She was as far as I know; she may go in and out, because I was at the bar.
She originally drank with the two men in the kitchen, if I understand you?
No, such thing.
Where was the first pot of beer drank?
In the kitchen.
How long did she stay in the kitchen before she joined company with Hurley and his wife?
That I cannot tell you.
What did this woman do during the five hours she was at your house? Did she continue drinking all the time?
She was singing a song part of the time.
Was not there a quantity of liquor drank in that company? At the time this accident happened, had you taken sufficient notice of her to know whether she was or was not sober?
To the best of my knowledge every one of them was sober, except one man.
She lodged at your house?
She rented a room.
Had she not been fighting with two men the day before?
I don't know.
Will you say that?
I will.
Did she make any complaint to you of a hurt that she had received by fighting the day before?
She made a complaint that a man had called her a terrible name, and she did not like it.
Do you know whether she had been beat by any body the day before?
I never see it, not I know nothing of it.
It was the deceased that went out with the candle and candlestick in her hand?
It was.
Were you by all the time for the course of half an hour or three quarters of an hour, that you could see all that past?
It was not a quarter of an hour that all past.
Did not she flourish that candlestick about in her hand, so as to strike Hurley or his wife?
I did not see it.
Did you see her pull the cap off Hurley's wife's head?
I did not.
I am a farmer.
Were you at Mrs. Hobbs's the night this quarrel was?
I was there. This woman that is deceased, and I and another man came in first to Mrs. Hobbs, and went down to the kitchen as they call it, about six o'clock, and we had a pot of beer, this woman, this man and I, I lodge in the house; Hurley and his wife came into the room; there were only seven pots of porter drank; there were some words passed between the woman deceased and Hurley's wife; so I told her that the reckoning was paid, and I took the deceased out of the kitchen away from Hurley's wife, that they should not aggravate no more; both women were aggravating; I took her into the passage and set her on one side of me, in a box in the tap room; with that she got up in about the course of three minutes, and I said, where are you going to? she said, I am going for the candle and candlestick, it is almost time for me to go to bed. With that I never heard any thing more till I heard murder screamed.
Did any thing else happen besides?
She cried out murder! murder! and called out for the watchman, and said, that Hurley was the man that murdered her.
You are a midwife, I believe?
Yes.
You was called in to the deceased, on her being in the situation we have heard described?
Yes.
Are you able to state what was the cause of her death?
I cannot.
In what situation did you find her?
I was called between the hours of twelve and one; when I came I found her in a very bad situation. The doctor was there before me, and he and I spoke together.
We are told that she was pregnant. Was she at that time in labour?
No, it was not her labour; to the best of my knowledge she was stooding.
Might any violent emotion cause the situation in which she was?
Yes, it might.
You are a surgeon?
Yes.
You was called in to examine the woman before the coroner?
I did not see her before she had been dead eight and forty hours.
Can you say that she died by any external-violence?
It was from external violence. The uterus was bruised, and likewise the placenta was separated; but whether it was from a kick or fall I cannot say.
You are a surgeon?
Yes. When I was called in I found the deceased extremely ill, in strong convulsions; no signs of labour pains, or any probability of her being delivered. After having given the necessary directions how to proceed, I went home and sent some medicine, in hopes of a recovery. On Wednesday I examined the body, after it was opened; I observed an extravasation of blood on the external part of the uterus, internally, a separation of the placenta from the posterior part of the fundus.
Are you able to say whether that was produced by any blow or kick, or any thing of that fort?
That might be from any common causes; from a fright, or any exertion on her own part, or any fall or blow.
Were you present on the night this woman died?
Yes, I was; on Wednesday, the 15th of last month, I happened to go to Hobbs's house, about the hour of eight or nine o'clock; I sat in a box in the tap room, and had part of three pots of beer; then I chose to go home, and it being a little late, I was advised not to go home so far as Holborn that night. Then this company in which the deceased was sat very comfortable, as it seemed to me, I never entered their company; they had a pot of beer, and by some unluckly unhandiness the pot of beer was spilt, then the deceased and another in company began quarrelling; the deceased in a rage got up and used very scurrilous expressions to Hurley and his wife; directly Hurley's wife said, I believe you are cock of the walk; that is meaning a governor in the house. In a little time the deceased person got up a candle and candlestick, and called Hurley vile words, and she took up the candlestick, in order to throw it at Hurley and his wife, and the candle fell out of the candlestick; I called for a light, and it came. Then the deceased woman withdrew into the tap room, and she came in again in two or three minutes, and ran again at Hurley's wife, and tore her cap off, and it fell to the ground; I stooped and picked up the cap and said, go along home, let us be all peaceable. Hurley was behind my back, and he said, I will have your cap off as you had my wife's; and Hurley came over my shoulder and took hold of the deceased woman's cap, and at the same time, according to my best belief, and according to my conscience, I believe she was spent in passion, and had been drinking to excess, and by her own fall she lost her life. I never see Hurley lay hands on her, but just laying hold of the cap. Mary Mahony was in company; she is here, and can say the same words.
You was examined before the coroner?
Yes.
