I am a servant of the East India Company: the prisoner at the bar is a labourer of the East India Company: and asked me to let him go out; he said, he was very ill; and if I would let him go home, he would lose a day's work? I told him, as it was but half past eleven o'clock, I would give him leave to go home for an hour, and he should save his day's work; I gave him leave to go; and it is customary to rub every man down that goes out; I felt something in his pocket, and asked him what it was; he said, only some broken china; I brought him into the counting-house, and desired him to let me see what broken china he had in his pocket; and here is what he turned out himself.
Were they broken in the way he described, or were they all sound?
All sound.
Did you ever examine whether any were missing of that kind, and are you sure they belong to the East India Company?
Miss we cannot; but so far I am certain, that he was employed on the business where these goods were put, that day; I only know for this reason, that they are the Company's goods, we have a muster box for each ship; and the ships goods are opened and examined by the muster box; this man was on the goods that belong to this ship, in the warehouse which these goods came in, and it is impossible we can tell what is missed, till the ships goods are examined altogether; these goods were gone to be sorted, and he was one of the parties employed in sorting the china, according to the different patterns; and these we were in a hurry to get forward for the sales; and these, which he had in his pocket, were unwashed, consequently could never have been sold, as they were as they came out of the chest.
I am a constable: I know nothing more than taking the prisoner into custody.
On the 27th of January last, I was at work at this ship china, and being ill I did not put them down, for fear they might be broken; I then put them into the skirt of my coat, in the condition your lordship sees them; I then met Mr. Wilson in about three yards from the counting-house, (I had to carry them to the table, and clean in one room distant from the counting-house) I asked Mr. Wilson if he would give me a ticket to enable me to go out; it was impossible I could expect to go out without being stopped; for when I have had a bit of bread and cheese extraordinary, I have been obliged to take it out of my pocket, and shew it.
