I live at St. Neot's, in Huntingdonshire, on the 7th of August I sent a bank post bill of 10 l. with a Cambridge bill in a letter directed to Mr. William Carlisle , Jermyn-street, St. James's; it was also of the value of 10 l. I took the number of the bank post bill; I put the letter into the post myself on the 7th of August about 20 minutes after three; (shews him a bill) this is the bill, I know it by the number 8952; I also took the date of the bill, and this is the letter.
I am postmaster at St. Neot's; on the 7th of August I made up all the bags of letters about four o'clock; I inclosed in that bag all the letters that came that day; I delivered the bag to Thomas Stadwell , the Huntingdon post boy.
Do you keep a shop?
No, I keep the Cross Inn.
Who has access to the letters besides yourself, your wife?
Yes.
Perhaps too your servants in the inn have access to the place where the letters are deposited?
No, they cannot get to the place where the letters are deposited.
How are the letters secured?
Secured, it is a private room, there is a hole to put them into out of the yard; I always keep the key.
But may the servants get into that room?
When I am delivering the letters in a morning they may; the clerk of the parish comes to receive them.
Is the room kept locked?
Yes.
Then only your wife can get into it besides yourself?
No, Sir.
Your wife is not here?
No.
Between three o'clock and the time you make up your bag your servants have no access to it?
No.
I am the Huntingdon post-boy; on the 7th of August I received the bag and delivered it about six in the evening to Mr. Wimbley, the post master; about seven the bag was sealed up and put into my mail-cart and locked. It stops at a private house to take up bye letters at St. Neot's Bridge; it was not opened on that occasion, I delivered it safe at Huntingdon.
I look after the mails when they come in; a bag like this comes to the General Post Office sealed, if unsealed it would be objected to; I received this bag safe.
I live at No. 73, Jermyn-street; I received the letter in question after my wife had opened it and not before, not until the 9th.
I am wife of Mr. William Carlisle , in Jermyn-street; I received this letter in the absence of Mr. Carlisle, on the 9th of August, it contained a part of a letter from Mr. Scarborough, and a 10 l. Cambridge note; I received no letter on the 8th, which was the day in course.
Did it contain any bank post bill?
No.
I am inspector of the letter carriers; in the month of August the prisoner was a letter carrier to deliver letters in Pall Mall and Jermyn-street, which comprehends No. 73, he was on duty that day and signed his name; suspicions falling on the prisoner, I made him write his name and Jermyn-street. I had his lodgings searched, but found nothing.
Does not it often happen that letters intended for the walk of one man get into the walk of another?
No.
I am a butcher in Newport-street.
In August last did you receive a bank post bill in payment?
Yes, on a Wednesday.
Of whom?
Of the prisoner at the bar, I recollect his purchasing a foreloin of lamb; I rather scrupled the note at first; he said he had taken two notes that day; I have no doubt of him, I have seen him several times; when I first went to the city I took the note; I have no doubt of his being the man.
Mr. Corderoy, I believe at the time this transaction took place, whoever paid you this bill, a journeyman of yours of the name of Emur was present?
A young man that I had a few days, I do not know he was in the shop.
He I believe was at Bow-street also?
He was, I dare say he attended at the same time.
I am servant to Mr. Shepherd, a baker; I know the prisoner; he lived in Marshall Street, Carnaby Market.
Do you remember on Thursday, the 9th of August, or the Friday, baking any thing for the prisoner's dinner?
Yes; a fore quarter of lamb; I cannot say which day, it was either Thursday or Friday; I carried it home to the prisoner's house.
I am a casheer of the bank, it is the course of the bank, if a person applies for it to accept the post bills at the time; this bill was so accepted; it has a part of my signature upon it, and part has been torn off at the Bank when it was returned there.
My Lord, I know nothing at all of what I am accused of; I could not deliver it, nor have any thing to do with it.
Was you servant to Mr. Corderoy in the month of August? was you employed in his shop?
Yes; I was.
Do you recollect a person purchasing a fore-quarter of lamb, and paying him by a bank post bill?
Yes;
You recollect that circumstance?
Yes;
I believe you was sent for to Bow-street, by Mr. Parkins, the solicitor to the Post-office?
Yes;
Did you see the prisoner at that time?
Yes?
Do you imagine, do you think, upon your oath, and recollection, that the prisoner is the person that purchased that fore-quarter of lamb, and paid for it by a bank post bill?
No, sir, I do not think he is; I would not swear to him positively.
In what respect do you imagine they differed?
I took the man when he came to the shop to have a wig on.
Do you think he differed from the prisoner in any other respect, as to height and bulk?
I think he was a taller man?
Had you an opportunity of seeing that man who was in the shop?
I was busy, I did not take any particular notice.
