I live at Tabernacle walk, near Finsbury-square, Moorfields .
Do you let lodgings?
Yes.
Did you let any lodgings to the prisoner?
Yes, for three shillings per week.
Did she take the lodging as a married woman, or as a single woman?
As a single woman.
What lodging did you let to her?
back parlour.
Any thing else?
No, only the goods that I let with the parlour.
Was there a bed in it?
Yes.
Was it a single room?
Yes.
Did you miss any of your furniture?
I missed the looking glass before I had her taken up, I suppose nine days.
Do you recollect when she took the lodging?
No.
How long had she been in your lodgings before you missed your things?
A month and nine days before I missed the last things. I did not suspect that she had taken any thing but the looking glass, till I had her taken up, and then all the articles were missed.
Did she leave your house?
No.
How do you know she took them?
I cannot say she took them, but she acknowledged it, and the duplicates were found on her by Slater the officer who took her. I missed a feather bed, a stock and feather bolster, two sheets (there is only one in the indictment,) a counterpane, pair of tongs, two blankets, a candlestick, and kettle.
Were all these things let together with the chamber, to the prisoner?
Yes, at three shillings a week.
How did she get her livelihood?
I never knew her to work at all.
And do you take in women in this way?
She said, the first time she came that she could get a character from Guildhall, and she went, and she came back and said the person was not at home, and so I let it alone from day to day, and did not mind it afterwards, and she destroyed the things.
I am an officer of the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. I apprehended the woman at the lodgings, at Norwood's house, on Wednesday last, I believe it was, Mr. Norwood came to me.
Did you find any duplicates?
Yes, of all the property he lost, except the bed; I never had that duplicate at all.
Mr. Norwood said he would be contented to have his property again. I did not mean to leave my lodgings till I had replaced the things.
She acknowledged to me that she had pledged Mr. Norwood's things.
Mr. Norwood said if he had his things he should be satisfied.
Court to Norwood. Did you say you would not hurt her if you got your things?
I never said any such thing.
I believe Mr. Norwood did say that if he could get his property again he should be satisfied, and he did agree to make it up.
I am the pawnbroker.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes, she pawned some of these things, but I cannot take on me to say she pawned the whole, I can tell if I see the tickets, because they are of my writing; the tongs, the candlestick, the looking glass, and the bolster.
What frame had the looking glass?
walnut-tree frame.
Was it a brass candlestick?
Yes, they are all here. (Produced.)
They are mine.
Were these the things that were let with the lodgings?
Yes.
Mr. Norwood knows that I did not mean to leave the lodgings, and his wife told me that she would be thoroughly satisfied if the things were replaced, that was all that she required, and Mr. Norwood would have made it up in the public house, but he was told it was too late.
I am one of the officers of the city and admiralty. I have known the prisoner at the bar for ten or a dozen years, living with a gentleman of my acquaintance, one Mr. Parr, at Hoxton, who died suddenly or he would have left her a legacy, I know he wished to provide for her; and I know a very capital tradesman in the city that kept her company for some years.
