I am a porter, at Gerrard's-hall-Inn, Basing-lane, and an officer besides.
Did you know the prisoner?
Yes, very well; I went, according to Mr. Newman's orders at the Mansion-house, between nine and ten o'clock, to his house, the Half-moon public-house, Duke-street, Smithfield; I asked him if one Kilby was there; he told me, no; says he, I know what you want; says I, how do you know what I want; says he, what do you want then; I said to him, I want a guineas worth of dollars; I said, how many are there for a guinea; he told me there should not be but seven, but he would let me have eight; accordingly I had eight, I paid him a one pound note, and one shilling, for them; after I had paid him for them, he asked me if I wanted any yellows; I asked him, what yellows were; he told me they were half-guineas; I asked him what they were a piece; he told me three shillings and sixpence; I asked him if he could not take three shillings; he said, no, he would not abate a farthing; I gave him a one pound note, and he gave me half-a-crown out of it, and five half-guineas; then he says to me, d-n you, Jack, if I had known your temper I would have put three hundred pounds in your pocket in less than three months; says I, how would you do it; says he, I will fetch you something, and shew you; he fetched me down a five pound note of the Bristol Bank; says he, here is something worth two of the other; says I, I do not want any thing of that kind at present, but if I do, I will call upon you, (produces the half-guinea); I immediately went to Mr. Newman at the Mansion-house; we were going that night, but Mr. Newman sent word not to go till I got the note; next day I went with Mr. Hollier to the prisoner's house, and found five dollars in a pint pot, in his bar.
Did you take any particular notice of the Bank-note before you gave it him?
No.
What are you? -
porter at an inn.
Did you know the prisoner before?
Yes.
Were you intimate with him?
No.
Upon your oath, did you ever converse with him before?
Nothing to signify; no more than to have a pint of beer with him.
What time of day was it you went to his house the first time?
Between nine and ten in morning.
What time did you buy these half-guineas?
Between two and three on Monday the 3d of July.
Was there any body there at the time but yourself?
Several people in the house.
Was any body by at the time?
I bought them at the bar.
Publicly in the tap-room?
No.
Does not the bar adjoin the tap-room?
I do not think I am obliged to answer you.
We will see whether you are or not. - Does it not adjoin the tap-room?
It is just as you go in.
Did you converse with any body that was there?
No.
Did you tell any body there how cheap they could buy half-guineas?
No.
Have you ever had a negociation of this sort before?
No.
This man was a stranger to you, and you would have us believe, that in his public tap-room he sold you these five half-guineas at three shillings and sixpence?
Yes.
Was there any body in the bar but you?
No.
No servants?
No.
What do you get for coming here to-day?
Not so much as you do for talking.
No, God forbid you should, if you did no man's life would be safe. - Upon your oath, are you not to be paid by the Solicitor of the Mint if this man is convicted?
I believe not.
Do not you know that a man is liable to be prosecuted that buys half-guineas in this way?
No; I do not know that he is.
I understand you, that Mr. Newman, the Lord-Mayor's clerk, sent you there first?
Yes.
On the 4th of July, my Lord Mayor issued a warrant, which was put into my hands, and Mr. Clark's, in consequence of an information from John Webb , the man who has been examined, to search the house of Skay, the Half-moon, in Duke-street; Mr. Clark went to the back door, and I to the front door; when we got in, we proceeded to search, and, up three pair of stairs, of Mrs. Skay, the wife of the prisoner, I obtained the key of that room, which she said was her bedmom, and in searching the drawers of a glass, upon a sort of dressing-table, in that room I found five one pound Bank-notes, one of which, I believe, upon examination, will be identified by some other persons; I found five guineas, and two half-guineas, in gold, which were good, and which, by the Lord-Mayor's order, were delivered up to the prosecutor, and this little box which has a duplicate, and which is of no consequence, I found a large paper containing bad halfpence.
Did you find any counterfeit money about the premises?
These halfpence done up in five shilling papers; I thought there might be something attached to it, as there was a cross marked upon each paper of which I did not understand the meaning; I found in the till, in the bar, a number of bad farthings, and a number of bad halfpence loose, to the\\ amountof five, six or seven shillings, and a little scale box, containing a number of very bad sixpences and shillings, (produces them) I also found these four bad shillings.
You did not find any half-guineas upon him?
No.
He had had the misfortune to take some bad halfpence, and you found some in the till?
Yes.
That may happen to be the case with many tradesmen?
Yes.
They pay their brewers frequently with halfpence, and five shillings is handy you know?
Yes.
I went with Mr. Hollier to search Skay's house; I placed the constables so as to guard every avenue to the house; I examined the bar first, and there, in this pint pot, upon a shelf in the bar, were five dollars, they have been in my custody ever since.
- I went with Mr. Hollier and Mr. Clark to Skay's; I assisted in searching the bar; I was then directed to search him, which I did, I found in his right-hand breeches. pocket, this half-guinea, three sixpences, a button, and a farthing.
Is it a counterfeit half-guinea in your opinion?
It is; I then searched his left-hand hand pocket, in which I found this dollar, and these two knives.
Is it a bad dollar?
I rather think so, I am not certain.
This half-guinea appears to be a half-guinea that has been used, and in circulation, and not ready for circulation?
I cannot say.
It is in that state that you would not have taken it, I suppose?
No, I should not.
Do you know either of these Bank-notes?
Yes; this is the note that I paid him for the five pound Bank-note.
