I am shopman to Mess. Purton and Cooper, linen-draper s, in Fleet-street, No. 47 . On the 10th of February, about eleven, the prisoner came into the shop, and desired to look at some shawls; I stood a little distance from her; the porter reached them out; I came up just as he had reached them out; she asked the price of three or four different patterns of shawls; she asked me to cut her half a one; I told her we never did cut any; she then asked for a quarter of a yard of brown Holland, that lay on the other side of the shop; I turned round to come to the other counter, to shew her the brown Holland; as I turned round, she was crossing; about the middle of the shop I perceived something dropping from under her cloak; I could not tell what it was; I suspected she had stolen some shawls; I desired another person to shew her the brown Holland; and I went and examined the shawls I had shewn her; I missed some; I cannot say how many; I told Mr. Cooper I suspected her; she had bought a quarter of a yard of brown Holland, and was going out; I laid hold of her by the arm, and desired her to walk with me into the other shop; I told her she had got some shawls; and upon taking her cloak aside, there were three shawls; I gave them to Mr. Cooper, and he gave them to the constable.
Where was the porter?
He might be standing behind a minute or so; but I think if he had been behind when she crossed the shop, he would have seen her take them.
It is probable he might?
Yes, certainly he might.
What is the value of them?
They cost near thirty shillings.
Do you know how many pieces of shawls there were?
No.
I leave it to my counsel.
I live in Great New-street, Fetter-lane. I have known the prisoner six years; she is a sober honest girl.
I live in Brewer-street, Golden-square. I have known the prisoner from a child; she bears a very good character.
I live in King-street, Covent-garden. I have known her seven years; she bears a good character.
I have known her seven years; she bears a very good character.
I have known her seven years, a very honest industrious girl.
I have known her near six years; I would have trusted her with untold gold.
