Do you know the prisoner?
Yes.
Did you at any time lose any beef?
Yes, on the 29th of January I lost twenty pounds; I live in Wentworth-street, Spitalfields .
What part of the house was it in?
About a yard and a half from the door, on the top of a block, I was cutting about three pounds of steaks from it, about six o'clock at night, and I had been taking some of the new kind of halfpence; I took them in doors to shew them my wife, and on my return I lost the beef. A boy, William Johnson , told me that he see a man take it out of the shop, I asked the lad which way he went? he told me down the street; I ran about forty yards from my own door and I could not see any thing of the prisoner, I came back and went into a public house about ten yards from my own door, and asked if any person had been in there with a piece of beef, they told me they had not seen any such person; on my returning out of the house I met William Johnson, sir, says he, here is the man with the beef at a chandler's shop; I went to the place, about ten yards from the public house, and I see the prisoner putting the beef into a scale, (one Mr. Smith keeps the chandler's shop) I goes in, and he was offering it him for sale as I was at the door, and I heard Mr. Smith say, I will have nothing at all to do with it, no, say I, the beef is mine, I said to the prisoner, my friend, I have seen you before in my shop, and I had turned him out of my shop twice before that; I laid hold of the prisoner and brought him to the justice for the good of the neighbourhood I hope.
Do you remember seeing the prisoner on the 29th of January?
I do.
How old are you?
Turned of fifteen. As I was going to ask my father to come to supper, I see this man at this butcher's door taking this piece of beef; he took it up and put it up in his black apron, and he crossed over the way to me, and said, what are you looking at? I asked him what did he think I was looking at? and he made an attempt to strike me, and then he goes down the street and went into this chandler's shop, and I ran back to this gentleman and told him that he was in a chandler's shop down the street, and he went with me and took the prisoner.
Did you know the piece of beef by the sight of it?
Yes, I had just been cutting some steaks off it; I am very sure it was my beef.
I was coming along at six o'clock at night and I kicked over this piece of beef, I did not know what it was at first, it was so dark, and the first light I came to I took it in and I found it was a piece of beef, after I had been in about five minutes this man came in and said it was his beef.
What is the value of that beef?
Six shillings it was valued at.
