I am a broker : I live at No. 15, Daker-street, Westminster : I lost a cushion on the 18th of September; I was at work in the yard; and I was informed a person had taken one of them; I went into Maidenhead-court: my wife came, and a parcel of people: I cannot swear to the prisoner; I think he is very like him; he came into the court; he ran away: I cried stop thief! I never lost sight of him; he was caught in two minutes afterwards, in a court, by two officers belonging to Queen-square office, and brought back to the house; the officer and I went up stairs; and my cushion lay in the window, in a room up two pair of stairs.
Did you see the prisoner come out of the two pair of stairs?
I saw him come out of the house; the officer had the cushion.
I live at No. 14, Daker-street, next door to the prosecutor: I was sitting at my window, and I saw a man go by with a cushion; I believe it to be the prisoner, but I cannot swear to him; I informed Mr. Lane of it.
I live in Snow's-rents, Maidenhead-court: I was at my door at work, and a man came by me with a cushion; I believe that is the man; he went into my two pair of stairs room with it; he told me he would give it me; he came in softly; he was very much in liquor: I would not have it; he laid it down in the window, and went down stairs, and I did not see what happened in the court: the constable came up into my room and took the cushion away: I saw the prisoner at the office in Queen-square: I think the prisoner is the man; I am not positive.
Was any body with me at the time?
Another man in a white coat; the prisoner brought the cushion; the prisoner belongs to the same regiment my husband does.
How many did you see pass your window?
Two; one in a white coat, and the other in a soldier's dress.
I am an officer at Queen-square, Westminster: I heard the cry of stop thief! and I laid hold of the prisoner; he was in a soldier's coat: the people said he had stole a cushion from Mr. Lane: I took the prisoner to the place where the cushion was found, and I have kept the cushion ever since.
There are many persons in a red coat; one may be like another.
