I live at the Green Dragon, in Fleet-street ; I keep it In the morning of the 12th of June, a quarter before eight o'clock, the prisoner went out of my house; I observed something under his coat; I did not immediately take notice of it; I went into the tap room to speak to somebody that was there, and a niece of mine said, I think uncle, that man has got something he should not have. I immediately ran out of the door and fetched him back, and sent for his master, his master came, and he begged to go into a private room; I told him we had no private rooms for any body. He went into a parlour after his master came, and there he pulled out the goods himself, without any searching, from under his coat, lapped up in his apron, six iron bars. His master asked him how he could think of doing such a deed as that where he was employed? He said, he found them in the cellar, under some rubbish, with a board on them.
Where were they taken from?
From my wash house, from the copper hole.
Was he a workman there?
Yes, he was doing plaistery work in my house; he went down to fetch some stuff to work with, and took these iron bars from the copper hole.
Had you made him any promise before he said he found them?
None.
Are you sure they are your bars?
I am no further sure than they immediately fit the place, and mine were gone, and he said he found them in the cellar, on my premises.
I am a constable; I produce the property given to me by Mr. Potter, and they have been in my custody ever since.
To Prosecutor. The same bars you found on the prisoner, you gave to the constable?
I did.
I was working at the house four days; I was ordered away on Wednesday night, to do a job in Fetter-lane, from there I was ordered to a stationer's facing the plaintiff's house, which I worked the remainder part of the day. Friday morning I got up at three o'clock and took my tools and pail of water, and a scaffolding to do a passage that joins to the stationer's house; I went through Mr. Potter's house to a large back building that leads into Lombard-street; I went down into Mr. Potter's cellar for some stuff; at seven o'clock I had used my stuff, I went to Mr. Potter's house again to get some more, and I took a bit of board up for to put some stuff on, and I saw these old bars laying, in a cellar forty yards from the dwelling house. Mr. Potter said they were his property; I begged his pardon, and told him to have them, that I did not know they belonged to him.
Court to Prosecutor. Is your wash house far from your house?
It is a detached building from my house; I have a little yard between it and my house.
When had you used this copper before?
We had not used it for some time because the back premises were under repairs.
