I am superintendant of the works of Longman and Broderip; I have lived there near ten years; their names are James Longman , and Francis Fane Broaderip ; these effects are in possession of assignees, in trust for the benefit of the creditors, under a Commission of Bankruptcy, May 25, 1795.
When were the assignees appointed?
I cannot say; it was during the last year; we missed, repeatedly, a great number of things, though we could not identify the property; at William Phillips 's, at Tower-hill, from the 14th to the 18th of March, I cannot exactly speak to the date, I saw a piano forte of the manufacture of our house; he is a music-seller.
I am in the Somerset militia, I obtained a furlough to leave my regiment, and came to London; I hired myself to Messrs. Ellison and Oakley, musical instrument makers, in Fountain-court, they make instruments for Longman and Broderip. I have seen Baskerville and Geast together at different times, but never to take notice of their conversation. In the month of March, I believe it was, I was drinking at Anson's, a public-house, in Fountain-court, and Baskerville came in, and called me out to take an instrument away for Mr. Geast; when I first saw it, it was out of doors, about half-way down the arch way; Mr. Geast, the prisoner at the bar, helped me up with it on my knott; I don't know which way Baskerville went after he called me out; Geast directed me to take it to a butcher's-shop, in Noble-street, he said it was his own lodgings; I saw the butcher in the shop, and his wife, the butcher helped me up stairs with it, I was not paid for carrying it; I saw Geast several times afterwards, he told me he had no silver, he would pay me on Saturday night one shilling, for taking the instrument away; it was a square piano forte.
I am a music-seller, in Manor-row, Tower-hill; I know the prisoner, I have seen him very often, I know him very well; I bought a piano forte of him in the month of February. Sometime previous to the purchase. I was at Mr. Longman's warehouse, I saw Geast, he was tuner there; he asked me if I wanted a piano forte cheap, as he knew a person who had one to dispose of; I enquired who it was; he told me his name was Longate.
Do you know who that Longate is?
No; in about a week, or ten days, after this, he gave me a direction to call at Longate's, in Union-court, Holborn, but I had not an opportunity of going there; a day or two after that, I saw Geast, and told him I had not been able to go up to Longate's; he told me Mr. Longate wanted him to draw the strings up for the piano forte; a day or two after, a porter brought me the piano forte, the prisoner came with him, this was on Saturday, the 19th of February, about ten o'clock; he wanted the money for the piano forte; he said, that the man was very much distressed for it; he asked seven guineas; I agreed for six guineas; I told him, it Longate would step down in the morning, he might have the money as soon as he pleased; Geast came in the afternoon, and brought a receipt, as from Mr. Longate. (Produces it; it was read):
It was a new one since the introduction of the grand piano fortes; the small ones have grown of less value. I thought I have a fair price for it.
Have you ever been able to find out any thing about Longate?
I have not been able to find such a person. Mr. Davis called at my house, it might be a fortnight after, and saw the instrument the Geast sold me.
Geast represented himself as the agent of Longate?
Yes.
And produced the receipt of Longate?
Did you take that piano forte from Mr. Ellison's premisses, or Mr. Longman's?
Neither; I took it from the court.
There is no proof that this property was lost from Mr. Longman's. Gentlemen of the Jury, it is stated by the Counsel, that the accomplice is a man of infamous character; an accomplice cannot be received unless a foundation is laid for the felony; and in this case, without the accomplice, there is no proof at all, as against the prisoner at the bar, that this piano forte was a piano forte in which he had any concern; and that the piano forte is the piano forte of Messrs Lon man and Broderip-Under these circumstances you must acquit him.
I live at the Two Brewers, London-wall; I know Geast, he used to to have his beer at my house; I have paid his rent once, and his goods, together with a spinnet, were brought to my house; Geast has seen it at my house, and always acknowledged it was his, it came in on the 25th of June. Mr. Davies called, and saw the instrument at my house; Geast told me, some time after it was brought in, that he had got a fresh lodging, and begged I would let it stand there till such time as he had paid his rent.
That is three quarters of a year ago, or rather more than that?
Yes.
And it was brought in by his wife?
Yes; she helped the man in with it. (The spinnet was produced in Court).
This is the spinnet that was in my house.
This, I believe, was Mr. Longman's property, but it is not our manufacture.
Did it ever belong to Mr. Longman?
I cannot say.
I am constable; I apprehended the prisoner, and searched him, but found nothing at all upon him; I found nothing at his house; I found a duplicate in Bates's pocket which led me to the house of a woman of the name of Martha Davis .
My husband is a pawn-broker, I live in Elizabeth's-place, St. George's-fields, (produces a violin, and five bows) on the 22d of January, I took them in of a woman of the name of Woodward, whom I had seen before.
I know Mrs. Davis the pawn-broker, I pawned a violin there and five bows; I had them of the prisoner Geast; I had them in my room several days; he brought them to play on himself.
How long is it ago since he gave you them?
I believe four or five months from this time.
I have seen this violin in Mr. Longman's wareroom, the bows I cannot be positive to.
Do you know how long before that?
No; I cannot say to any time.
Three or four years for ought you know?
I cannot say to the time, but it is less time than that.
Within a year, do you think?
I cannot be certain to the time.
Do you know whether it had been missed?
I cannot tell for what purpose it went.
Did you ever sell that violin to Geast?
Never.
Did you ever sell any violin to Geast?
Never.
You don't know how many times it might have been sold over since it left Mr. Longman's shop.
Do you know if it was in Mr. Longman's shop?
I cannot say.
I know the prisoner at the bar; the first transaction I had with him, was a spinnet, the next was a portable grand piano forte, the next was a square one, we had three square ones afterwards; two siddles were taken away; Geast took one out of the warehouse, and I took one to Piccadilly, that he gave to me out of the warehouse; I cannot tell the time; the first that was taken was carried to Bates's; I could not swear to it, it was taken out of the siddle-room, the next was a siddle, taken out of the siddle-room, he sent me with it to Piccadilly, and he was to meet me; I staid till eleven o'clock at night, and he did not meet me; then I carried it to Holborn, and sent Bates for it the next day.
Do you know of any bows?
Only one (looks at the bows) I know nothing of them.
Do you know about the time that this was taken?
About Christmas.
Did you see Geast take these siddles?
I saw him take them out of the siddle-room.
You swear that, do you?
Yes.
Will you swear that is the siddle?
No, I cannot.
You don't know that he ever, took that siddle?
No.
This gentleman has told us about your being one of the greatest villains in England, is that true?
I hope not.
You think he is out in his calculation, that you are not one of the greatest villains in England?
Yes, I think he is.
What class of villains do you think now you may rank among, the higher, lower, or middle?
I don't know any thing about the lower.
You are beyond that, you are a villain, you know you have a spark of virtue enough to confess that you are; what do you think about it, (the witness hesitates), does it choak you, it is what your own council says of you?
I speak nothing but the truth.
Are you not now a very considerable villian?(hesitates), what you don't like to tell your own true character; then I must go to my friend for your character; if I were to tell you a very great villain was going to say something, would not your answer be, then I shall not believe him.
(Produces a duplicate), I found this duplicate in Bates's pocket.
(To Mrs. Davies). What is that a duplicate of?
That is certainly not evidence, it was not found upon the prisoner.
I have nothing more to say, my Lord, than that I have been entirely drawn in by the evidence, Baskerville.
I have superintended the business of Longman and Broderip, near ten years; they have a warehouse in Fountain-court, and another in Trinity-lane; their affairs have been deranged, and their effects in the hands of assigness; we have lost various articles from the warehouse; we lost a piano-forte; the prisoner was a tuner at our house at the time, (it is produced).
I bought this instrument of Mr. Clebow; I sold it to Mr. Perry, the brewer; I know it by certain things inside, by my name being in the inside, and by the desk not sitting.
How is your name put?
There being no name on it when I bought it; Mr. Perry gave me leave to put my name upon it, where the maker's name is put, it is in my hand-writing, wrote upon the wood with ink, and there are some splinters in the case, that I know it by, and by a slip on the front.
When did you buy this of Clebow?
About the 11th or 12th of December.
I am a brewer; I bought this instrument of Mr. Jenkinson, on the 12th of December, I know it by a bead being put on the outside.
Did you see Mr. Davis and Mr. Holland at your house, after you bought that instrument?
Yes.
Was the prisoner with them?
I don't recollect; I remember Mr. Davis very well, and I believe Mr. Holland; the instrument was taken from my house by a person that I don't see here, he was here just now, I don't know his name; it was taken from my house last Saturday.
I was at the house of Mr. Perry on Saturday last; I am a constable; I took away this instrument from there, and George Anger , and Joseph Ray , assisted me; I know this instrument by the name on it in front, and my name marked in the inside, which I put upon it when I first saw it, it has been locked up ever since; the first time I saw it, Geast went with us; Mr. Davis, Mr. Holland, and Allen, and myself.
This is the instrument, I assisted in bringing it away from Mr. Perry's.
I do the business for the house; I am in the organ line; on Wednesday the 20th of last month, I went with Mr. Davis to the house of Mr. Perry; Mr. Davis, and Johnson, and Geast, the prisoner, went with me; Geast went to identify the property of Mr. Longman.
When you took Geast, you know you told him it would be a very good thing for him, if he told all about it?
No, I did not.
Who did?
Nobody, in my presence, I am sure.
What induced you to go to Mr. Perry's house?
The prisoner consefsed to me that he had stolen a great quantity of instruments from Mr. Longman's; that was in the coach, as we went to Mr. Perry's; that he was very sorry for what he had done; that he had committed a vast variety of these kind of things, and hoped he should be got off for transportation.
Among the variety that he confessed he had stolen, did he point out where any one of those he had stolen was deposited?
This is one, he said, that had been sent to Clebows; I, and Geast, and Mr. Davis, and Johnson, all went in a coach to Mr. Perry's house, and when we came there, he examined this instrument, and said, that was it, and I put my initials upon it.
I was present at Mr. Perry's house, when Geast and Mr. Holland were there; I was present when this confession was made, and I put my name upon the instrument.
I have nothing to say.
