I produce the register book of the marriages in Bishopsgate parish without
I know Joseph Clarke was Sexton at the parish of Botolph, Bishopsgate. I know he is dead.
Do you know the hand writing of Clarke?
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Was you ever married to him?
Yes, in Aldersgate church.
At what time?
I do not recollect the time.
Don't you recollect the time when?
The second of June.
In what year?
I don't know, it is nine months the second of last month.
Was you a single woman or a widow?
I was a single woman, and I did not know but that man was a single man.
How long have you lived with him?
I have not lived with him at all, I was in service when I was married to him.
You consummated the marriage, did not you?
Yes.
You were bedded together, were not you?
Yes.
Did you continue in your service?
Yes.
You cohabited with him from time to time?
No.
How soon did you part?
We parted after that I heard he had another wife.
When did you first hear that?
It was a month ago.
Did you ever since that time see him in company with that other wife?
No, I never did.
When you heard that he had got another wife did you refuse seeing him?
Yes, I did.
Did he call on you?
Yes, and I refused seeing him.
But till you found this out he used to visit you occasionally?
Certainly, but I was in service.
And you lived on good terms as man and wife till this?
Certainly.
Have you any body that was present at the marriage?
Yes, I have a witness that was present.
You say it was nine months the second of last month, and then you say it was the 2d of June, which was it?
It was the 2d of June when we were married.
Do you mean to insist upon it it was the 2d of June?
It was.
Then how do you know it was nine months?
I am sure it was the 2d of June last.
When did you see the last wife?
I see her on Saturday last; she says she is his other wife, she was at our house.
What was her name?
Do you know what her christian name was?
Yes, Mary.
Was the prisoner present at the time?
No, he was not.
Then you did not know any thing of him till lately?
No, I did not.
I know the prisoner at the bar.
Do you know his first wife?
I do not.
Did you ever see him and his first wife together?
Not his first wife, I have not seen her; I was present at the
second marriage, on the 2d of June, he was married to Mary Lavender, it was at Aldersgate church, she was a single woman, the woman that is in court.
How came you to be there?
I was an acquaintance of Mary Lavender's, that is all.
Have you seen the husband at any time besides the day of marriage?
Yes.
I am a ticket-porter and constable, I was sent for by Mary Lavender's master, last Thursday night, to serve the prisoner with a warrant, I went to him with the warrant, and took him.
What did you say to him at that time?
I told him I had got a warrant against him, and he must go with me.
Did he say any thing to you particularly at that time?
