I am coachman to Mrs. Cookson; one of the coats belongs to her, and one to her son, John Cookson, Esq. I saw the coats at Sir Sampson Wright's, about half past nine on Tuesday the 5th of June, in the morning. I had seen them the last time about nine o'clock on Saturday evening; they are not both alike, the capes are different. I am sure they are the coats of my master and mistress.
I am a coachman to Mr. Cookson; I missed my coat off the box; they were missed at the same time. I know the coats; I saw them at Bow-street on the 10th of June.
I am an old clothes-man by trade: on the 4th of June the prisoner at the bar called me to buy a couple of coats; he was in a publick-house in Dyot-street, St. Giles's; he took me out of the tap-room into a little back-room; his wife was by, and he bolted me into the room; I was alarmed; he asked me 30 s. I bid him a guinea; he said 30 s. I went to Bow-street and told Mr. Kennedy; I went to the house and got the clothes in my bag; I told him to come with me, and a friend of mine should pay for them. I went out of the house and he with me; Kennedy came up, and the prisoner ran away; he was taken next day; he is the man; he did not say how he came by the coats.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street. Barnard Barnard came for me, and I went to the Noah's Ark in Dyot-street, St. Giles's. Barnard went into a back-yard, and I saw the prisoner deliver these two coats to Barnard, and he put them into his bag. The prisoner made his escape; I took the coats and advertised them; these servants came and said they were their master's property; next morning I went to Dyot-street, and took the prisoner out of bed.
I am a watchman. When I went my rounds on the Saturday night, half past ten, the coachhouse was fast; at half past twelve the doors were open; there was no appearance of violence.
Kennedy said at Bow-street to the Jew, \"You stand to what you have said, and we shall get 40 l.\"	"d
I never thought of such a thing, my Lord; I did not say so.
