I am the wife of Mr. Samuel Cooper , Southampton-buildings ; she came to live with me July the ninth, at which time myself and daughter went to Bristol, and I left the prisoner in care of the house; I did not miss any of the articles till last November; I saw some impropriety in her conduct, and that led me to Mrs. Dupont, with whom she formerly lived; Mrs. Dupont produced a carpet and blankets; that led to the discovery of other articles; I then asked if Blair's Sermons was there; it was produced, and a child's mahogany chair, and a pillowcase which had the initials of my name, S. C. picked out, and B. put into another part; there were some other articles found at her lodging.
On the 23d of November last, I went to the prisoner's lodgings, in Shoe-lane, and there I found Nelson's Festivals and Fasts, and a muslin cravat; the prisoner was there; I told her the book was mine; she admitted it was, but Mrs. Cooper had lent it her, or gave it her; as to the cravat, she said it was not mine, she had it to wash for a friend; it has no mark.
I am servant to Mrs. Dupont: the prisoner brought a child's mahogany chair to Mrs. Dupont, October 1790.
Were all those things you delivered to Mrs. Cooper brought by the prisoner; was any book of Sermons?
Yes, and a pillow-case: Mrs. Dupont deals in quills.
How came she to bring them to Mrs. Dupont?
She came with Mrs. Cooper's compliments; she left them in the care of Mrs. Dupont, and would be obliged to her to let them stand in our house; they were carried up three pair of stairs.
Did she ever come and take any thing away again?
Yes, I believe, a coat and a new gown.
I am servant to Mr. Cooper: on the 22d of November, I went, with my mistress, to Mrs. Dupont's, and I heard my mistress say, these are my things; and on the 24th I went and brought them away in a coach: afterwards I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and there were some things found there. (Produces them.) There was a chair found at Dupont's, and Blair's Sermons (deposed to by Mrs. Cooper) Nelson's Festivals found in the lodgings, and a pair of silk stockings (deposed to) also a clothes brush.
