I am the son of William Cox, a taylor , in Great Russel-street: I was taking a coat home last Tuesday, to Sir John Eamer 's, my father made it for one of Sir John's servant's; I was sitting behind a hackney-coach, upon Snowhill , the coat was tied up in paper, and I had got it under my arm; there was the prisoner and another; the prisoner said, hold it night, he was sitting behind the coach by me, the other man had hold of the handle of the coach behind.
Who got up first, you or the prisoner?
I did; the prisoner told me to hold it right, and I did hold it very tight; then he said, shall I carry it for you? I told him, I could hold it fast enough; and then he pulled it from under my arm, and the other man laid hold of my hat upon my head, and pulled me from behind the coach into the road; the prisoner put the parcel under his coat, and ran up a court facing St. Sepulchre's church; when he had got up the passage, he dropped it, and then came back again, and a woman on the other side of the way picked it up; she brought the coat to me, and said, here is the coat; when the prisoner came back again, a gentleman snatched hold of him in his arms.
Is that woman here?
No, she is not; another gentleman took hold of him, and took him to the Compter; I took the coat to Sir John Eamer's, and my father went the next morning to fetch it away, my father is here; I wrote a direction upon it myself.
Was the coat that your father brought home the next day, the same coat that you lost?
I am sure it is, for I helped to few it.
Are you sure the prisoner is the same person?
Yes; I never lost fight of him at all.
I am the father of the last witness: I sent the boy with a coat, to carry to Sir John Eamer's, on Tuesday night last, my boy directed it, and the next day I received the same coat from one of Sir John Eamer 's servants; this is the same coat, (produces it) I have kept it ever since.
I am a cabinetmaker: I was returning from work up Snow-hill, I heard the cries of the child running after the prisoner at the bar, I saw him opposite St. Sepulchre's Church, he went to turn down a passage, but thinking it was no thoroughfare he made a turn to come back, and I caught him in my arms; I asked him what he was doing; he said he had just come out of the court, he was so much out of breath that he could not speak for some time; while I had him by the collar, a woman came up the court with the coat, and gave it to the boy, I took him to the Compter; that is all I know of it.
I was coming home about half past nine o'clock, I heard somebody scream out, I ran up, and this man caught hold of me and took me to the Compter.
He made a resistance, and wanted to fight, till I told him I would knock him down if he was not quiet.
