, I went to the house of the prisoner in Bridge water-gardens on the 23d of September, between six and seven in the morning, with another woman, whose name I do not know; we knocked at the door, and the prisoner let us in, he was in his shirt; he went in and put his coat and waistcoat on, the woman that was with me told him she wanted a shilling's-worth, and he brought out some bad money in a paper; then he asked me how much I wanted, I told him two shilling's-worth; he then gave me six sixpences and two shillings. He asked the other woman that was with me, whether she had got any blacking; she said, no: the prisoner then gave her a bit of blacking, and she gave it to me in the presence of the prisoner: there was one sixpence that I objected to, it looked very yellow, he changed it and gave me another. On the Tuesday following I went again, with the same woman, and the officers, Armstrong, Ray, Ferris, and Peach; we knocked at the door, and the prisoner said he should not be ready for two hours; the officers did not go within sight of the door; I went to the officers and told them, and they went into the house and took them into custody. Armstrong has got the money and the blacking that I had of the prisoner; I gave them to him that same day, in the presence of Mr. Colquhoun.
I am an officer belonging to the Police office, in Worship street, in consequence of information, I went, on Tuesday the 26th of September in the morning, to the prisoner's house in Bridgewater-gardens, in company with Clark, one of the Marshalmen, and the other officers; with a warrant from my Lord Mayor; they refused to let us in, we pushed very hard at the door, and the bolts or something gave way, and we went in; I saw the prisoner in bed, we took the prisoner in custody, and proceeded to search the house. This money I had of the last witness, on the 23d of September, and this blacking, (producing them)
Is that good money or bad?
It is counterfeit; there are six sixpences and two shillings.
Of what particular use is blacking in the process of coining?
This blacking is used upon the money, to take the white off, to make it appear as if it had been in circulation.
I am one of the City-Marshalmen: I was in company with Armstrong and the other officers, at the house of the prisoner; Armstrong and myself searched the house, it is in a court, just by Brackley-street, Bridgwater-gardens, a place called the Wooden-world; there was a man and his wife in bed; the woman made a terrible piece of work; I held the man, and we searched the house, and on the mantle-piece, we found two bad sixpences; I searched his pockets, and in his breeches-pockets, I found two that I cannot tell whether they are good or bad, and two shillings, one of which is a bad one; I found this pot with some blacking in it.
Is that common blacking for shoes, or blacking for any particular purpose?
I cannot say.
Is that the sort of blacking that is used for blacking shoes?
It is the sort of blacking used by coiners.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street; I went with Armstrong, and found the prisoner and his wife in bed; I secured the man and handcuffed him in consequence of his making resistance; I found in his wife's pocket five sixpences all counterfeit.
I believe these to be all counterfeit.
My wife kept a green-grocer's shop, and these five sixpences, that these gentlemen swore before the Lord-Mayor, they found upon the mantle-piece, she had taken in the shop; and this woman that has swore against me, I never saw before in my days.
