I am the son of John Goodwin ; my father is ill, he has kept his bed these five months, he lives in Castle-court, Fulwood's-rents , the things mentioned in the indictment are his property; I saw them hanging to dry in the yard, about half after seven in the evening, on Thursday the 31st of March; about half after nine, I was alarmed by the dog barking; I went into the yard, and the things were in the possession of John Runnington; the lines were cut, and I saw a piece of cloth on the wall; I looked over the wall, and saw a part of the linen lie in the next yard; my sister took it up, she is here.
I am a smith: on Thursday evening, the 31st of March, I caught the prisoner in Mr. Goodwin's yard, between nine and ten in the evening.
Was it a dark night, or moon-light?
It was very dark.
Did you see him do any thing?
I could not see him till the candle was brought, and then I saw the linen scattered about the yard; I laid hold of him, and asked him his business; he asked for a person of the name of Thomas, I said, there was no such person lived there.
Did you find any thing upon the prisoner?
Not any thing; I saw some small things on a wall beside the house.
He said, at the Magistrates, he saw nothing of me, and did not see me take any thing till he laid hold of me.
I live next door to my father's house: On Thursday the 31st of March, my mother came and knocked at my mistress's door, and asked me to go and see if there was any linen in the yard; I went and picked them up; I saw them hanging in the yard about five in the evening; I took the linen up and carried it into my father's yard, and gave it to my mother; it was thrown into the yard where I live, from my father's yard; there were four shirts, two pin-a-fores, a nankeen jacket, five clouts, and a linen roller; my mother is ill at home; there are all the things I picked up,(Producing them), they are my father's property.
I received the things from the girl, I put them in different parcels before the Magistrate.
There was nothing found upon this man?
No; I saw nothing found upon him.
I went into a public-house to get a pint of beer, I came out at the back door to make water; being in liquor, I went into this yard; I know nothing of the linen no more than the child unborn.
Is there any thoroughfare in this yard, or was there any door broke open?
No; the gate was open.
