I am a carpenter ; Mr. Monro works for me; the prisoner came to work for me last Saturday week, as a carpenter ; last Monday, this week; at night he was very desirous to have the key of the premises, which I refused to let him have, he said he must make seven days a week; I told him if he would come on Monday morning I should be there, and would let him in; accordingly he did not come till after, and on Monday night he refused to leave off work when the rest of the men did, at seven o'clock, he told me he wished to make seven days, and therefore he wished to work till eight, to make up the hour that he lost in the morning; he told me I should leave him the key, I refused him very much, he said he was a very honest man, and all the master carpenters in London almost knew him, and that I need not be afraid of his taking any thing, he bore one of the most honestest characters in London, so with that I left him the key to work till eight o'clock.
Where were these premises?
At the old Rotation-office, in Litchfield-street, Soho. The next morning when I came at half after five, he told me there was a bad misfortune happened, he said all the tools were gone, and that I had got a d-ned bad set, and he would work no longer there; I asked him what he meant by that? and he told me that he believed that I had a very bad set, for he had lost some of his tools among them, but as good fortune would have it, some of them he took home, and some of them he had hid under his bench that he worked at, but all the rest were gone; I told him that I should not let him go, that I thought that he was guilty of the theft, and I would have him examined, and I sent for a constable and had him taken up, the officer examined his pockets, and pulled out six duplicates, two of these duplicates were a plow and a saw, for two shillings and sixpence; I sent to his lodgings immediately, to know what sort of a character he bore, and to know what time he came home the over night; I then went to the pawnbroker's, to know whether these were my things, but they were not, nor any things that is stole.
Have you ever recovered your things?
I have not.
Did you ever see the prisoner in possession of these things?
I did not.
You know you left them on the premises?
Yes, I do.
