I am a taylor : The prisoner lodged with me; I live in Shoreditch; I had lost property several times; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I suspected the prisoner; I went to the office in Worship-street, and they sent an officer along with me, to search her lodgings; she said, she had no objection; the officer looked in a cupboard, and took out a black silk cloak; she had denied before that having any.
Did any body else live with her?
Her husband, and she has got a son; there was also found, a pair of gloves that was in the coat pocket at the time it was lost, and a duplicate: I was present when they were found, and a handkerchief, that was lost on the 1st of September, was found in her drawer.
Mr. Arkinson is my father-in-law: I know they lost two cloaks and a shift; they were in the drawer on the Friday night; one of them was mine; I was present when the prisoner's room was searched by Mr. Atkinson and the officer; the cloak that they found was mine; her husband lodged with her.
Was he there occasionally or daily?
Daily.
I am an officer of Worship-street: I attended the search of the prisoner's lodgings on Monday the 22d of February; I found a black cloak in a cubboard next the fire-place; I then searched the drawers, and found a pair of gloves and this half-handkerchief, and a duplicate in a tea-chest, which she had the key of; she produced the key to me.
These are my gloves; they were in the pocket of the coat when I left it.
I am a pawnbroker, (produces a shift) this duplicate corresponds with the one on the shift.
This is my mother's; it was lost on the 3d of December, at the same time that the cloak was.
I can't tell who the person was that brought it; it was a woman, and it is in the name of Hannet Hand.
On Sunday night I had two acquaintances come to tea and supper; and at ten o'clock my acquaintances were going home; this cloak was on the stairs, I said, I know who it belongs to; I thought they had company, and I did not open the door, but hung it over a washing-tub, at the top of the stairs; being in a hurry, on Monday morning, I thought nothing about the cloak, and when Mr. Atkinson and the officer came it surprised me; and I did not think of the cloak, I had forgot it.(The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave her a good character).
