I am the wife of Samuel Whitney ; I live at West-Ham, in Essex: on the 3d of January I lost thirteen yards of flannel, in two pieces, eight yards and a half of check, six pocket-handkerchiefs in a piece, two ditto in a piece, and one single, five yards of dark brown stuff, one yard and a half of calico in a waistcoat-piece, and one half-yard of kerseymere; I had them all packed in one parcel at Mr. Horne's, Minories, where I purchased them, and directed to be left at Mr. Simms's, the White-hart and Tobacco-pipes, Whitechapel, where I had a cart; my little boy and I went there, and these things were put into the cart; I saw them in, and my little boy was driving me down: rather this side of the bell-founder's, in Whitechapel , I felt the cart rather tilt up; I turned round, and I saw the prisoner at at the bar and another man on the tail of the cart; the prisoner at the bar had hold of the parcel, and the other took it of him, and made off towards the left-hand side of the way; he stood about a yard distance, at the tail of the cart, and looked at me very wishfully, and I cried out, I am ruined, I am ruined; and as the people came about me, the prisoner at the bar made off, and I immediately turned the cart, and made off to the Rotation-office; I described the prisoner at the bar, and went home; and I had not been home above half an hour before I was sent for to the Rotation-office; I went, and the gentlemen of the Rotation-office took me to the watch-house, and the prisoner at the bar was put before me, and I then said it was the man; I never found my property again; I had never seen the prisoner before, but that night the lamps were light, and the moon was very bright.
Is he the same person, on your oath?
He is the very same man; I am quite sure, I have not the least doubt of it.
How old are you, my little man?
I am little better than thirteen.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
Yes.
What will happen to you, if you should happen to swear any thing that is not true?
I shall go to hell.
Was you with Mrs. Whitney?
I was; I drove the cart: as I was driving off the stones, my mother said, there are some boys behind the cart; I looked round, and saw this man get off the tail-board of the cart; I had a full view of his face; then he stood about three minutes, looking at us; I looked at him all the while the cart was standing, and my mother called out she was robbed, and a little boy came up and told her there had been two people behind the cart; this was directly as the man was run off; I had seen one on the tail-board before the little boy came up; then they told me to turn the horse round, and stop at the Rotation-office, where she gave information, and we came home; and she went again back that night, and I went with her.
Had your cart a tilt upon it?
No.
Did you see any body that night?
Yes, I saw him at the watch-house.
Now be cautious, and speak not rashly; did you, when you saw him at the watch-house, was you sure it was the same man, or did you believe it because other people said so?
I know him from his own person.
Before you went, a gentleman came to tell you the man was taken?
Yes, we went to him into the watch-house.
And the man was brought to you; and the man you expected to see was brought to you?
We consider it only as the evidence of a child, Mr. Garrow, and you should not try to draw things from him.
There was no intention to draw any thing from him but what is the truth; you do me great injustice to suppose me capable of doing any such thing; but it is my duty, and the duty of every one else, to get at the fact: however, gentlemen, it is in your hands, and much good may come of it.
When you went into the watch-house where he was, was any body else in the watch-house?
Yes, I picked him out; he was not shewn to me.
I know no more than apprehending the prisoner; Mrs. Whitney came to the office about half after five, and said she had been robbed, and I took the prisoner according to her description; the description she gave was, of a man in a white jacket, much about my own size; I went into a house where there are a parcel of people come, and I took him, and I kept him for Mrs. Whitney's coming, and then I went away.
I leave it to my counsel; Mr. Nash knows me never to wear a white jacket, and he has known me two years.
Had he a white jacket on that night?
No, it was a white coat; I never saw him in a white jacket.
