I am a lodger at No. 6, Water Lane , with Mrs. Sarah Thompson , widow, the prosecutor; I found on the second of July when she was abroad, her door open, and I called some other lodgers, and I saw a drawer half open, and two drawers more put on a mahogany tea table in the room; the property was taken out of those drawers.
On the second of July I went out from my appartment, between two and three in the afternoon, I locked my door; in consequence of some information I received, I returned home; I found the door was open and three drawers which were cleared; I lost all the articles in the indictment, and a great deal more; I heard nothing till the 11th of July, the Tuesday week following, and then in consequence of what I heard, I went to take the prisoner Thomas Crump ; I went to King's Bench Walk; three or four officers went with me; I there found the prisoner; some of the duplicates of the things were found upon him.
I went to the house of the prisoner, in St. George's Fields, on Wednesday the 11th day of July, to execute a search warrant; Fisher an accomplice, and two other witnesses were there; I went in and searched a tin caddy, where I found several duplicates, but only two relating to this robbery, one for two table spoons, and one for three tea spoons, pawned for 5 s. and I found a duplicate on a girl that he kept, in his presence; in his left hand waistcoat pocket, I found these three keys, I look upon them to be false keys, one of which keys I tried to the door of Mrs. Thompson, and it opened it, I took the prisoner into custody, and lodged him in Christ-church watch-house, and from there to Union-hall, and then before an alderman; he told me if he could, he would say something relating to the robbery; I told him we did not want to hear any thing from him.
Fisher was at that time in custody?
Yes.
He gave no information about this subject till he was himself in custody?
Yes.
I think I once saw the prisoner; I have the property, Mr. Eddington has the tickets, they are dated the 4th and 6th of July.
Your's had no cypher nor crest?
No, they have been altered.
I am servant to Mr. Strangway; I produce a milk pot, and a pair of tongs, and a duplicate counterpart; I gave a duplicate to Mary M'Quire; pawned in the name of Thomas Crump ; a girl pledged them, she is out of court; her name is Mary M'Quire; they were both pawned at different times the same day.
I am a weaver; I went with the accomplice and Eddington to the prisoner's house, and found a ticket in a tea caddy, of a milk pot and a pair of tea tongs, pawned at Strangewaye's, for 5 s. on the 11th of July, in the name of Thomas Crump ; I found a false key in his pocket; Edington took two duplicates; the prisoner said when we went in, that he was a dead man, that was what he said.
Had you said any thing before he said that?
Not a word.
Was Mr. Fisher with you?
Yes.
A pretty hard swearer?
Yes.
What was the woman's name?
I believe she goes by the name of Catherine Edwards , and I believe it to be her name; while we were there, the servant maid tore a ticket with a T upon it; I saw her tear it; and put the other part in her mouth; and we went to Strangewaye's and found the milk pot in the shop.
I am a chairwoman; I worked for the prisoner, I cannot tell the time; I was once sent by the prisoner to a pawnbroker's with two table spoons; the pawnbroker's name is Coldbatch! I asked what name, and they said any name, their name, or my own; I pawned one in the name of Mr. Crump, and the other in my own name; I pawned two table spoons for 16 s. Mrs. Crump gave me three tea spoons, he was not present; I pawned them for 5 s.
Those spoons were in common public use in the family?
Yes.
There was a cypher upon them?
Yes; but I do not know what they were.
Is your name Robert Cox ?
No, sir,
Did you never go by that name?
No, sir.
How long is it since you was convicted?
I do not know what you mean by convicted.
Cast, my boy! - I never was cast, I never was tried by the name of Robert Cox , or William Fisher , or any other name.
On the second of July, who was you in company with; tell your own story, I shall not ask you any questions
On Monday, the second of July, I went over Blackfriar's Bridge, to take a walk; I had been very ill; when I came over the bridge, I met with Crump, and this young man, called Carroty Bob, and they asked me to play at skettles, at Johnny Groats , for a pint of ale; I said, I would go home, they said they would accompany me part of the way, and when we came up Water Lane, Blackfriars, to this house; Carroty Bob and the prisoner went in at the door, and I said, where are you going, and Carrotty Bob replied, to get some money; then we all three went up stairs, and Crump opened the door with a key which he had, I do not know what sort of a key it was; and we all three looked in, and Carrotty Bob went in afterwards, and Crump went down into the street, and I stood on the stairs, and then Carrotty Bob brought the things out, and went Bridge Street, and took a coach, and went to Rose-street, Covent Garden; he carried the things on his shoulder to the coach in a table cloth; I believe it was Crump carried the things, and disposed of them, while Bob and me staid in the coach; we all went together from the house; while Crump was gone, Carrotty Bob pulled a horn case out of his breeches, with some money in it, and he gave me fourteen guineas, and said, take that, and say nothing to Crump; Crump brought five and twenty shillings for the things; he said he would spend the odd shilling, he treated the coachman, and then he gave me eight shillings for my share, then we took the coach over to his house in King's Bench Walk, St. George's Field, there they sold the plate; Crump said he would buy the plate for his own use, that was a milk pot, two table spoons, three tea spoons, and a pair of tea tongs; Crump gave me thirteen pence for my share of this plate, and I went away; I never saw Crump since he was in custody.
What goal do you come from?
From the New Compter.
I leave it to my counsel.
There is a bruise in the milk pot, by which I know it, it has been in the family forty years; the spoons I have had fourteen years.
