I am a taylor by trade.
Did you lose any effects on the 8th of January last?
Yes, I lost a velveteen coat without sleeves, and a pair of velveteen breeches; it was a boy's coat.
When had you seen them last before you missed them?
Not above five minutes before, they were laid on the table in the one pair of stairs room.
How came you to lose them?
I went to call my wife away from her father and mother.
You went out of your house?
Yes, I did; when I came back with my wife I told her to go into a shop and buy a pennyworth it sprats, within the mean time she was picking the sprats, I went up stairs and lighted my candle, and found my things were gone; I had suspicion of the prisoner at the bar, he had been up in my apartment several times; he helped me to move from the one place to another about four or five days before.
So that he knew your house and knew your effects?
Yes.
Ask him if he did not say if he had the things back again he would not hurt me.
I did promise him if so he he would give me the things back again, because they were not my things, but things that I had to do for other people, and I was so terrified that I hardly knew what I was about.
I was standing at my own door about nine o'clock, as near as I can guess, and the prisoner brought the things to me at the door; I keep a chandler's shop in Wentworth-street, Spitalfields.
Near to Myers's?
I don't know where Mr. Myers lives.
I live at Cook's-buildings, Stoney-lane, near Gravel-lane .
What time of day was it you last see your goods?
About half after eight at night.
To Smith What passed between you and the prisoner?
He gave me the things into my arms; I am sure of the person; he desired me to take them in doors and he would take them away in the morning.
To take what i ey were rolled up in a pa pened them.
Was you with him before?
I had tore by using my shop. I don't know what he is.
What did you do?
I took them in doors.
What became of them?
The constable, Mr. Wither, and Mr. Myers fetched them away the next day.
I had the prisoner before the Lord Mayor, and he told where the things were.
You first of all apprehended him?
No, two watchmen apprehended him.
Where did you first see the prisoner?
In the watch-house, on Thursday the 8th, between ten and eleven o'clock. I asked him where the man's things were? he told me they were in a house in Petticoat-lane; and I asked him whereabouts, that I might go and fetch them? and he said he did not know the house. The next day when he was before the Lord Mayor he confessed where they were, and I went to the chandler's shop in Wentworth-street, and fetched them away.
Is that James Smith's shop?
Yes.
Were they loose or in a bundle when you took them away?
They were in a bundle.
Were they wrapped up in any thing?
No, loose as they are now in a bundle, these are them.
To Smith. Are these the goods that were left with you?
Yes.
You told me they were in a parcel?
No, rolled up, not tied.
To Myers. Are those the goods that you lost?
Yes.
Are you quite sure?
Yes, quite sure, I know them by my make and by my cut, and I had only made two button holes in the front of the coat; they are my goods indeed, the breeches were left without buttons to the knees and without strings.
I am a watchman belonging to Aldgate, I was crying the hour of ten, and I met this man, Myers, and his wife, and his father, and he said you must go along with me, says I, where? says he, I have been robbed; says I, you must go up to the constable of the night and let him know, that he may know where to find me; so after that my partner came down to me, he had an order to go and take the thief, and when we came into the room there were two in one bed, and the taylor laid in the other bed, and so we looked into the first bed where the two men lay, and he was not there, and we looked into the other bed and found him and we fetched him up to the watch-house.
You are the other watchman I suppose. What do you know of the matter?
The man came up to my stand in Houndsditch, and said that his house had been broke open, and I went to the constable of the night and asked him whether I might go out of the city to take the thief? and he said, yes.
And you went with the other watchman that took him?
Yes, and carried him to the compter.
I have nothing to say at all, the prosecutor settled so far with my father that he took half a guinea and made it up.
What are you? how do you get your livelihood?
I am a hatter by trade, I should not have taken them things, only I had a poor sick father and mother at home and they were starving for want; my prosecutor knows my father.
I know he has a sick father and mother, he is a hatter by trade, but I cannot tell whether he works at it.
