How did you leave your house?
My maid left it very safe, I left her in the house, my bed room door was locked, the chief part of the things were lost from the bed room; I had the key in my pocket, I am very sure it was locked.
Had you the other keys of the house in your pocket?
No. When I came back I saw my servant come home before me and she told me I was robbed.
Tell me what you observed?
I did not observe any thing till she told me, and I went to examine my house and I found that my room door was forced open and the locks of my drawers broke all to pieces, and I missed my watch.
Was the room door locked or unlocked?
It was unlocked, it stood wide open.
Was any part of the door open?
No.
Was the lock drawn out or not?
That I cannot tell; I stopped down by the side of the bed, and there I missed my wainscot box, where my plate and things were in, and I missed my gold watch that hanged at the beds head, I turned about to look at my drawers, and I found my drawers all open, and the locks all broke; then I went and examined for my bank notes, and I missed them, they were kept in a drawer in my chest of drawers.
How many were there?
Five. I think three twenty's, and two ten's.
Have you recovered any of your things since?
At the time that my things were cried I found my metal watch and a pair of metal buckles, and two or three other things; and at the trial of the other prisoners, I had one twenty pound note returned me. This metal watch always hung in the kitchen, it was the gold watch that hung at the beds head, this metal watch was taken at the same time. I have recovered in all a metal watch, a white shawl, a pair of buckles, a pair of buttons, a lawn white apron, and three half handkerchiefs; they were all in the house when I went out to the tabernacle.
When you was in the tabernacle did you see your maid there?
Yes, I saw her come in about half an hour after me, into the tabernacle.
Did she stay there till the end?
She did. I went home immediately from the tabernacle as soon as it was done.
Mrs. Blackmore, this affair happened in November last was a twelve month?
Yes.
You prosecuted two men and they were convicted?
Yes.
They have been executed, have not they?
Yes.
My lord asked you just now, whether you had light candles before you went out from the house?
Yes.
How long before?
Ten minutes.
You light your candles before it is quite dark?
No.
At the time you light your candles will you take on yourself to swear that if an hand had been held up you could not have seen it?
I will not take on myself to say neither one way or the other.
How lately had you seen the things before?
The same day.
Had you been out in the course of the day before?
I dined out.
Who did you leave at home then?
My servant, she is here.
How long has this man been taken up?
On my word I cannot say.
I lived with Mrs. Blackmore, I went to the tabernacle the 25th of November 1792.
How soon did you go out after your Mistress?
About a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after.
In what condition did you leave the house?
I left the house as I always left it, I double locked the door.
Was any body left in the house when you went out?
No.
When you returned in what condition did you find the house?
I found the door on a single lock.
Did you open it?
Yes, and when I went in I found the place all in confusion, the things were moved out of their places.
Was any thing taken away?
Yes, my mistress came in just after me and she found the things gone, the box was taken away from under the bed, the things were taken out of the drawer; I found the candle on the carpet in the parlour, it had been light, but it was put out.
The door was locked when you returned again?
Yes.
You put out the candle when you went out?
Yes.
Was that the candle in the parlour that you put out?
No. I put that I put out at the bottom of the stairs.
I am a police officer; when Muslin was brought to our office, the 25th of January last, I found this phosphorus in his pocket, which he said he kept about him for to light his pipe, as he was obliged to smoke. I found nothing more on him than buckles, hardware, and things that he dealt in.
What was this man bound over for?
I was bound over on the former bill.
I know nothing more than apprehending the other, I know no more of what he stands indicted for here. I know nothing about his having any part of the property.
I know nothing more of this man than he was pointed out to me.
Have you ever found any property?
I did in Goodall's house.
Did the prisoner live with Goodall?
I don't know, I believe not.
Do you know that he ever had any part of the property?
Not to my knowledge.
I was at the apprehending of the two men that suffered, and I apprehended the prisoner.
Did you find any of Mrs. Blackmore's property on him?
No.
Do you know whether he ever had any?
No, I do not.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes, I think I have seen him.
What is his name?
His name is George Muslin.
Where have you ever seen him before?
I think I see such a person at Mrs. Goodall's.
When?
At the time I lived there, I lived with Goodall.
What time was that?
Fourteen months ago. Mr. Goodall went as a watch maker.
What connections was there between the prisoner and Goodall?
He used to be there now and then, but he used to be there very seldom.
What did he come about?
I never knowed what he came about.
Did he ever bring goods there?
No, I never saw him.
Did you ever see any goods that afterwards appeared to be Mrs. Blackmore's at Goodall's?
Yes.
When was that?
The day the robbery was committed.
Who brought them there?
Mr. Goodall and Mr. Mayo.
Was the prisoner with them?
No, I did not see him.
Was he there that evening?
No.
Do you know whether the prisoner had any part of the goods afterwards?
I don't know.
I know nothing at all of this business.
Do you know the prisoner, George Muslin?
No.
How did you get these things that you recovered afterwards?
I got them by the means of the officer going and searching the house of Goodall, by the evidence of the girl.
