I am a master book binder , in a little way, No. 2, Playhouse yard, Blackfriars. Very early Witsunday morning I was going along the street, I had staid a little late at a house that I had been at in the evening, a public house. I went there about eight or nine o'clock, and I might stay there till half past eleven, at the sign of the Hope, near where I live, Vine-street, Blackfriars.
Had you been in any other public house before that?
Not that I recollect.
Were you perfectly sober at that time?
I was so far sober that I had my perfect recollection. I found that I could not conveniently get into my own house, my little boy slept very sound, and I took a walk down the Strand; I was perfectly full of spirits; I was not in liquor, but I was merry. As I was going along down the Strand I met with the prisoner at the bar, standing at the corner of an alley, and she asked me if I would give her any thing to drink? I told her I would give her a drop; and I went to give her a penny worth, whereabouts I cannot ascertain the place, not a great distance from where I met her.
Where was that?
little before you come to Church-court. After she had the liquor, I asked her where she lived? she said she lived at No. 6, in Church court; and as she was going along she met with a decent drest man, a stouter man than me, and they had a few words pass between them, what it was I know nor, I could not ascertain what the words were.
Did the man overtake her or meet her?
The man was standing, and she spoke to him; this was very near Church-court. Then we went immediately to Church-court, No. 6 .
The man left you?
Yes, for the present moment; the man did not come with me not that moment. I had not been at the door a very short time, before this man came up and began thumping me about the head in a very violent manner; I don't recollect that he spoke a word to me; and this woman she stood behind me. I was facing No. 6, the door was not open, and I don't know how or which way hardly it was done, but by some means or other they forced my hat and wig off, and my coat; they cut my shirt here, and at the same time, with something, they cut my arm.
Was there any body else besides this woman and this man?
There was a soldier stood by; but he did not offer to touch me or assist me, he stood on the right hand side of the man in the court, and a very good looking soldier he appeared to be too. I was obliged instantly to run away, naked as I was.
Now I want to know what part the woman took in this business?
I have some reason to think that she had a hand in taking my hat and wig off; respecting my coat, I think it was the man.
Why do you think the woman took your hat and wig off?
Because she stood behind me, and it was taken off by somebody that did stand behind. It was a club wig, and a very easy matter to take it off.
Did you see this hat or this wig in the woman's hand at all?
I did not; I ran away immediately.
Did you see the coat in her hand at all?
I did not.
Did you ever find your things again?
No, I never found any of the things.
Did you ever see the man again?
No.
How came you to get at this woman?
I was walking about in that aukward state, in the Strand, nearly opposite to that place; I had been in St. Martin's watch-house, and I thought I might see the woman again, If I went into the Strand, and I went. The sun was then shining.
How long do you think it was after you lost your things, an hour or two?
Yes, I think it was full that.
Where did you see her?
Just standing at the corner of Hungerford-street, by the New Church, nearly opposite Church-court, where she was before. There was a man came up and I said, that is the woman, lay hold of her; and she was immediately taken to St. Martin's watch-house; but who the man was I cannot immediately ascertain. When she came to the watch-house, she said she knew nothing of it. She was very sober when I light of her, perfectly sober.
Will you undertake, on your conscience, to say that she was the woman that you see the second time, as was with you in the court?
The case stands as this, before I went to the watch-house I asked her what her name was? She said, saucy Bet Hambleton; but I did not think it any great harm then, as the woman did not appear in liquor. I am positive to the woman as ever I was to any thing in my life; her face had been pretty much coloured with something, and I knew her perfectly; her face is pale now, but then it was coloured with something what it was I know not.
This man says that I accosted him, he spoke to me first; I could not ask him home, because I was locked out myself; and another thing, I had no place to take him home.
I have been a watchman these five years. As I was crying four o'clock, at the bottom of Whitcomb street, commonly called Hedge-lane, I saw this woman coming along with a coat under her left arm, and a hat and wig; she passed by me going towards Church-court. I said nothing to her.
Did you take her?
I did not.
Did you know the person of this woman before?
No; I may have seen her, but not to swear to her.
How came the prosecutor to know that you had seen the woman and a hat?
I told our patrols that I see a woman go by with a hat and things in her hand.
Had the patrols said any thing to you about any robbery?
No.
You was not present when the prosecutor laid hold of her?
No, I was not.
Is that patrol here that you spoke to?
Yes.
To Prosecutor. How came you to know that this man knew any thing of it?
He was sent for to the watch-house; the woman was in the watch-house; there was a man came into the watchhouse first, and signified that he had seen a man that had seen a woman with a hat, coat, and wig in her possession, in Whitcomb-street.
Was that in the hearing of the prisoner?
She was in the watch-house at the time close by. By that means this Thomas Harris came.
He was sent for, I suppose?
I believe he was, he came over; he gave a clear account of it there, and before justice Addington, of seeing this woman with this hat, coat, and wig in her possession. The hat was a cocked hat.
Do you know there is any reward in this case
No, I have heard no such account. I never was be fore a magistrate in my life, except when I went to be attested as a soldier. I never heard of any reward, except to be paid for my loss of time coming here.
Are you perfectly sure that is the woman that had the hat, wig, and coat on her?
I am perfectly sure.
What was done with those things?
I never see her nor the things no more till I was fetched to the watch-house.
I had been as far as St. Luke's Church, to see a brother that works at Mr. Whitbread's; I was obliged to stay out very late, and I went and walked up and down the street, and this man met me and asked me to go home with him; this man followed me, and another man, a very tall genteel man met me, and said, how do you do? and they both followed me up to the door; my prosecutor began abusing the other, and the other began abusing him, and the tall one asked me what my name was? I said Elizabeth Hambleton ; and there was a soldier came by, and all went fighting; and I ran up Church-court, and down St. Martin's-square, and then I walked by the Mews, and went up to Church-court again, then when I went to Church-court again, the clothes laid between our door and the butcher's and I picked them up and went down the Strand, and I asked the watchman, just by Lancashire-court, if he had seen a man without a coat? I went all up the street and down again, and when I came down again almost to Church-court, there were a great many people, and two men met me just at the coffee house, and told me to give them the man's clothes; it was two men dressed in black, and they were in the mob, and I stood by, and my prosecutor stood in the middle of the patrols and men, and were like quarrelling and fighting, and then he came to me and said, here is the woman; and I was taken to the watch-house.
All that I know of it is, that this man, the prosecutor, called on me as I was on my duty, going through the court, and said that he had been robbed of his coat, hat, and wig; but I never see the woman till I see her in the watch-house.
Did you mention to the watchman that there had been such a robbery?
I went to Charing Cross, where I see Harris, the watchman, and he told me that he had seen Elizabeth Hambleton go by that place, with a coat on her arm. and hat and wig.
