I live at No. 7, Craven-row, City-road; I sell by commission for a gentleman at Birmingham : On the 3d of March, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment: nineteen dozen of steel inuffers, ten dozen of bed-caps, and two dozen of tea-songs; Wood came with the mate of a ship, and desired me to take them to the Ship Tavern, and then to the Gun Tavern at Billingsgate; they were for a captain, he said, they were for the captain to look over them, and pay for them; he called him captain Riddle, but there was no such captain there. I sent them to the Ship Tavern, and then Wood and the mate said, the captain was gone to the Gun Tavern, and desired the goods to be sent for, and they were carried there; we had not been there long when the mate came to me in the tap room, and said, the captain was in the coffee-room, and was ready to look over the goods, and pay for them; I told him I would go up along with him; he said there was no occation, that Wood could take them up, and would take as much care of them as myself; I trusted them to him, and he neither brought me goods or money back; I staid upon the steps of the Gun Tavern ; Wood came and said they all looked well, the captain was looking over the goods and seemed to approve of them much; I stopped about half an hour, and then I thought I would go and see what they were about; he came back to me again, and said, the mate and captain were both gone on board, with the goods, to save the duty; I told him, I was afraid he had robbed me of my goods; if he had, he had ruined me, for I was a poor man; says he, you seem to be frightened at nothing at all, I will shew you where to find both captain and mate, he took me over Hermitage-bridge, into Wapping a long way, till about nine o'clock at night, enquiring for such a person, and could not find him; the goods were looked out between three and four, and I was to get them ready by six; it was about seven o'clock when we went to search for the captain.
Has he ever informed you of the name of the captain?
He told me first it was Grittle, and then that it was Little; and that he lived at No. 4, Upper Garlick-hill, and no such person lived there; that is a merchant's house; he told me every thing false; he would have got a guinea of me if he could; I have never seen nor heard any thing of the goods since.
Is that your hand-writing?
Yes; it is, (it is read)
I met him on the 3d of March, in St. Paul's Church-yard; he knew I had been in the hardware line; he asked me if I knew any body that wanted any; I told him I did not.
Have you known this man before?
I had the misfortune to accept a bill for a person and was arrested, and was in the New Compter, when he was there; that was all that I ever knew of him.
Did you know he had dealt in the hardware way?
No; he asked me first if I had any pocket books; I told him no, I had some snussers; and he told me he would help me to a good customer.
Gentlemen of the Jury, you have heard the evidence, and I could almost say, I am sorry to say, it does not appear to amount to selony; it is obtaining the goods by false pretences, but the prosecutor parted with the goods to the prisoner under the idea, that he was to return either the goods or the money; I cannot state that to be selony, and, therefore, I must tell you, that you are to acquit him; whether they chuse to prosecute him afterwards, for obtaining them under false pretences, lies with themselves.
