I live in Great Russel-street, Bloomsbury ; I keep a private house there; I let a part of it; me and my sister live together.
Does she rent the house too, or you only?
Myself; I am the only tenant: On the 17th of February, about six o'clock, I lost a gravy spoon, four table spoons, six tea spoons, two salt spoons, a pair of silver tea tongs, two pounds of tea, and a pound of coffee, they were taken from a closet in the drawing-room, there was a mustard pot with them, and that was left behind; I had used them in the afternoon.
What was the value of the gravy spoon?
The silversmith that bought part of them, valued them yesterday at Clerkenwell; it cost me 3l. 5s; and the prisoner came and took lodgings of my sister for his master and mistress; he was footman to a family that visued a gentleman that had a part of our house; he lived with Mrs. Coles of Highgate; I have seen him come with his mistress very frequently, for this year and an half; he dined at our house that day, and said, his master and mistress would come in the evening.
How late did he continue after dinner?
He went for his master and mistress between six and seven, and never returned; our servants set up for them till one in the morning; the next morning, the lock where the plate was, was broke, and I missed the things I have before-named; I gave the information at Bow-street; he was taken by a gentleman he robbed in London-street.
I apprehended the prisoner on the 18th of February, in Duke-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields; upon going to Duke-street, with a gentleman of the name of Williams, that had been robbed, I searched him, and found a pair of silver tea tongs, a silver tea spoon, and this parcel of tea, (producing them) twelve guineas and an half, 8s. 6d. in silver, and 4d. in halfpence.
The spoon don't belong to me, the tongs do, and the tea.
How do you know the tea belongs to you?
Only from my grocer's having sworn to it.
I am a silversmith; I had these four table spoons, and a piece of a spoon (producing them) from the prisoner at the bar, on the 17th of February in the evening.
The four table spoons are mine, and this piece of a gravy spoon belongs to me; I have brought the fellow to it, (producing it)
