I live at No. 53, London-wall: On Monday, the 28th of May, I was robbed of the things contained in the indictment; I found it out in the manner I stated before; I gave the prisoner in charge of the officer, the corner of Bedlam; I got the information by means of the servant girl. I went, with the officer and the prisoner, to her lodgings, she the produced out of the drawers, the things mentioned in the indictment, part out of one room, and part out of another; she said, those were the things which she had of the girl; in consequence of that, she went to the Compter. The things have been lodged ever since in the possession of the officer. I have nothing further to say.(Mary Eldrid was called, but her husband said, she was so ill as not to be capable of attending).
I am servant to Mr. Thomas Eldrid; I am thirteen years of age next September: I carried to the prisoner, three linen shirts, two muslin caps, three linen caps, two cambric caps,a bit of silk, and a cambirc frill of a shirt; she gave me four-pence for the whole of them; she said, she had not fourpence about her, but she would go and borrow it, which she did. I should know the things again if I saw them. She did not ask me who the things belonged to; she knew I was the servant of Mr. Eldrid.
I am a constable; I produce three linen shirts, two muslin caps, three linen caps, a bit of silk, and a cambric frill of a shirt.
Those three shirts are my master's
Are they such shirts as men wear?
They are infants' shirts.
Are you sure that is the property belonging to Mr. Eldrid?
Yes.
Where did you get them?
Out of the drawers.
Is this your property?
This shirt I can swear to, and that piece of silk, which is the fellow to what I have got in my pocket; I know the shirt by a broad hem at the bottom, I saw the fellow to it just before I came here. I believe the other things to be mine.
My Lord, I have lived three-and-twenty years on one spot, in getting my living; I never was before a Magistrate in my life before; this girl came by, and asked me if I would buy some rags, and in the rags which she gave me to look at, there were three or four caps; I told her it was a pity to sell the caps for rags, and she gave them to me. The next day, she brought me two little caps, and I gave her four-pence for them. I never knew where she lived till the day they took me to prison. I have got four children.
The several articles contained in this indictment, what is the value of them?
The whole together about five shillings.
