Did he put the pistol up when you told him?
He did not.
What money had he?
A guinea and a half, and nine shillings, as near a I can tell.
What sort of a light was there?
It was moon light.
Did you see enough of the prisoner to be sure of his person again?
His person I had surveyed before, and the horse, it was a horse rather remarkable marked, and his face, during the time of the robbery, he covered with his handkerchief, I did not see his face at that time
Had you seen enough of his face before?
No, I cannot say I had.
Are there any other circumstances by which you think you should know him?
By the general appearance of the horse and man, his coat and dress.
What became of the horse?
The stable keeper is here, who hired him the horse; I have seen the horse, and I am sure it is the same.
Have you any doubt about the prisoner being the man?
Yes, I should
not like to swear to him, because his face was covered.
On your examination before the magistrate you entertained great doubts, and did not speak so positive as you have now done?
I said the general appearance of the man left no doubt in my mind, but on account of his face being covered I would not take on me to swear to the man.
He was remanded to a second examination?
He was.
And you still had the same doubts?
I had.
I believe he was remanded again on account of this circumstance?
It was not, it was on account of the other man.
What figure was the other man?
Not at all like this, a short man.
The prisoner hired the horse of my wife, I was not present, I was told so when I came home, he hired it on Thursday the 15th.
Did you ever see the horse in the prisoner's custody?
Do you know which the prisoner rode?
The red rone.
Has Mr. Lowndes ever seen that horse since?
Yes.
Is the horse that was shewed to Mr. Lowndes the horse that was brought in by the prisoner that night?
Yes, it is, I had information sent me where they put up their horses that night, that my horse was in very great danger, they came in the Sunday morning two o'clock, quite melted down, I sent my man to the stable, but I did not see it till it was brought back again to my house.
If you recollect at the time that application was made for this horse, the prisoner said it was not for himself, it was for an acquaintance?
He said it was for himself, his aunt was dead.
Did you see which he rode?
Yes, the red rone.
I know no more than Mr. Mumford had the prisoner stopped, and delivered to me, I found nothing on him at all.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
