I am a tobacconist , I live in Rosemary-lane ; this property was stolen from my house, I missed it about four o'clock in the afternoon, there was 7 lb. or more behind the counter in the shop, I had not seen it since eight o'clock in the morning, it was roll tobacco; on missing it I sent to the neighbouring tobacconists to stop it.
I am a dealer in tobacco, about seven o'clock, the 30th of September, the prisoner came into my shop, he offered this roll of tobacco for sale, he offered it at 18 d. per lb. it was not a fair price, we pay upwards of 2 s in the wholesale. I sent for an officer, and Mr. Dutton and I stopped the man; Mr. Dutton was present, he said this is my roll, and my hand labour; he said he would swear to it. The prisoner said he had not stolen it, it was given him by a shipmate; we took the tobacco to the magistrate, who sealed it up.
I am an officer, I was sent for to take him into custody.
I have not the least doubt of its being my own property, I manufactured it myself; it is not so much as was lost out of my shop, some must have been taken away, Mr. Stole weighed it, and said it weighed about 7 lb. 10 oz. I think I should know it, and could distinguish it as my manufacture, at York, or in any part of the kingdom; there is tobacco made up in this shape for exportation (unrolls the tobacco) I believe this tobacco to be mine by a fold in the ends peculiar to myself. The prisoner was taken the day after it was lost.
Please you, my Lord, I know nothing about it being stolen, as I was coming along from my work I met a shipmate, he asked me if I would have a drink of beer, being weary with work, I said I did not care if I did, he then asked me to sell this roll of tobacco; I told him I did not know where to sell it; he said he took it out of his chest, and was much distressed; I said I would take it to the shop where I bought my smoking tobacco; I went there, and his wife said her husband was not at home; but she sent for him; I was taken up, the gentleman told me to open my breast, in order that he might see if there was a scar on my breast, when he found there was none, he said you are not the man. I am as innocent as the child unborn.
