On Saturday, the 3d of November, I went to the prisoner's house, in Church-street, St. Giles's, with the two Griffiths's, Nowlan, and Coombe; before I went into the house, Thomas Griffiths searched me, to see if I had any halfpence about me; he then gave me two half-crown pieces and two shillings, which John Griffiths had marked before I had them; I went into the prisoner's shop, she keeps a chandler's shop, she was in the back room; I went into the room to her, and asked her if she would sell me any halfpence; she made answer, yes; I then came into the shop again, and she told Mr. Davis, who was her servant, to bring some into the back room to her, which he did, and after he had brought them, she told them out by six penny-worths with him; after she had told one guinea's-worth out, I told her I did not want any more at present; I then gave her the two half-crown pieces and two shillings that Griffiths had given me, I had made the bargain for them before; she gave Davis the money, and desired him to put it in the till; the halfpence were taken out of a firkin, and she told me I might have all that were in the firkin if I pleased, there were a great many more in it.
Did you appear pleased with your bargain?
Yes; then the officers came in; I had the halfpence in my coat pocket, and they laid hold of me and Mr. Davis, and took the halfpence out of my pocket, and the silver from Davis's hand; they then went into the back room, where the prisoner at the bar was, and there they found the rest of the halfpence in the butter firkin; Davis said, the prisoner had given him orders to sell bad halfpence, three for one, and she acknowledged that she had sold me a guinea's worth, three for one.
What business are you?
A collector of metals.
Is it part of the business of a collector of metals to go about the streets with this cry, \"any bad shillings?\"	"q
No, it is not, I don't know what you talk of.
Do you mean to swear that you do not believe such a practice exists?
There is crying of them, I know, but I don't do it.
Perhaps you were accused falsely of it, when you were taken up for it?
I never was taken up for it.
Were you never taken up on any account?
No, never.
Were you never called before a Justice of the Peace?
I have been called by warrants for an assault, or any thing of that kind; I had a warrant once for striking a woman.
And only that once?
No.
Then how came you to say warrants?
I did not mean more than one.
The prisoner was ill in bed, was she not?
I don't know that she was ill, she was sitting up in bed with her cloaths on.
What time of the day was it?
I suppose eleven or twelve o'clock in the day.
And yet you don't know that the woman was ill?
No, I had been to her house every day for a fortnight or three weeks together.
And she was always in bed at eleven or twelve o'clock?
No, only that day.
Don't you know that she has been ill ever since?
I make no doubt of that.
How long before this was it that you gave your information?
On the Thursday, this was the Saturday.
This shop was a chandler's shop?
Yes.
A shop in which it is extremely likely to take a great quantity of bad halfpence?
I don't say any thing against that, but I know she buys them the same as I did.
Do you mean to say, and I wish to have your answer taken down, that you never were committed by any Magistrate as a vagrant?
I never was.
Upon your oath, did you not tell Davis, that as they must have taken a great number of bad halfpence, you knew a person, who, for half-a-guinea, would give them cloth at the fair value, as halfpenny for halfpenny?
I never mentioned such a word, upon my oath.
Did you not desire to be entrusted with a sample of them, and leave seven shillings as a security?
No.
Upon your oath, how many halfpence did you receive for this seven shillings?
A guinea's-worth.
Were there not 386 halfpence?
They were counted out, and there was a guinea's-worth.
Upon your oath, were there not above 300?
I cannot say what number in tail, there was a guinea's-worth.
Will you swear there were not more than 300?
I know there were three for one.
The money was found upon Davis?
Yes.
Do you not know that Davis was living with her as her husband, and was as much master of the house as her?
No, I do not, I always thought he was her servant.
How came you to be so pleased with your bargain?
I thought it was right to go to Lambeth-street, for the good of the public, that every body should have their eyes open.
And you collect metals for the good of the public?
I collect iron, pewter, brass, and all kinds of things.
For the good of the public?
I do this for the good of the public.
Do you mean to swear, that the reason why you were pleased with your bargain was, because it was for the good of the public?
I did it so the good of the public.
And that was the reason why you were pleased?
I was pleased because I had got myself clear through it.
You are a Jew, I believe?
I am not an Englishman.
Are you a Jew, or not?
My mother is a Jewess, but I don't know what my father is.
What religion are you of?
I am a Jew.
Is it not one of the tenets of your religion, that it is a crime to touch money on the sabbath?
No.
Are you not so taught by your priests?
No, it is only a parcel of fools that say so; I will touch money at any time.
I believe it is the custom of a great number of Jews to be sworn with their hats on, and some without, so as they are under cover?
Yes, I am under cover now.
And some Jews are so strict, that they will not handle money on the sabbath day, and others will?
Yes.
I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street: On the 3d of November I went with the last witness to the prisoner's house, in Church-street, St. Gile's; before we went, I searched the Jew, and took all the halfpence he had from him; I gave him change for a seven shilling piece, two half-crowns, and two shillings; I marked each of them with the letter E; the Jew went in first, while we were at a public-house close by; after a little time we went to Mrs. Grout's, I saw a man behind the counter, I went round the counter, and caught hold of him, that was Davis, a man that is since dead; he had some money in his hand, which I took from him, and found it to be the money that I had marked and given to Samuels; I then searched, and under the counter there stood a butter firkin, and in it I found these halfpence (producing a great quantity in a sack) I saw the prisoner at the bar sitting in bed in the parlour; but I don't know what passed there, I was busy behind the counter, (produces the silver) I have had it ever since.
The only person you saw in the shop was Davis?
Yes.
And all the money you found was upon Davis?
Yes.
And the money in the firkin was behind the counter where he was?
Yes.
The prisoner was ill, I believe?
Yes, she complained of being ill, but she was a great deal worse afterwards.
The Jew, and any body else who saw her, must see that she was ill?
Yes.
Among those halfpence are a variety of coins, Irish, and all sorts?
I believe there are.
A chandler's shop is a shop very likely to take bad halfpence?
Yes.
And there had been a recent stop put to the circulation of bad halfpence?
There had, it had been very much checked, and so has the making of them.
On saturday, the 3d of November, I went with Samuels and my brother, and two other officers, to the house of the prisoner, in Church-street, St. Giles's; we went to a public-house, and waited there about half an hour, then we went to the house of the prisoner, Samuels had gone first; as soon as I went into the shop, I laid hold of Samuels, the Jew, I searched him, and in his coat pocket I found these halfpence, (producing them) there were 503 pieces of copper coin, amongst which we picked out 386 pieces of coin called halfpence, and 117 other pieces, not halfpence; I then went into the back room, and saw Mrs. Grout sitting up in bed; Nowlan and I desired her to get up and dress herself; I searched that room, but found no money there; I asked the prisoner whether Davis was her servant, or not; she said, he was a person that assisted her in the shop while she was ill; I saw the halfpence taken out of the firkin; they correspond exactly with the halfpence that were found upon Samuels.
Are they counterfeits?
No doubt of it, we admit it.
Do you know any persons in life more exposed to take bad halfpence, than those who keep chandler's shops?
No.
And you could not well select a more likely neighbourhood for that purpose than St. Giles's?
No.
Where the prisoner was, you found no halfpence?
No.
Those that you did find were in the shop, where halfpence are received in trade?
Yes.
Could any man living, who saw that poor woman in bed, doubt that she was ill?
Certainly not.
Did you hear what the Jew said?
I did.
And you think, that no man living could see her, without knowing she was ill?
Certainly not, but she was much worse afterwards when she was taken from the office.
These halfpence had certainly been in circulation?
They had.
You attend at the Whitechapel-office?
Yes.
I can only ask as to your office, whether this Jew has ever been called in question there?
I don't know whether he has or not.
I am an officer; I went with Griffiths into the back room where the prisoner was searched; I asked who that man was that was behind the counter; she said, he was not her husband, neither did he sleep with her, but was a man that assisted her while she was ill; I asked her how she came by such a quantity of bad halfpence; she said, she took them in the course of her business; I asked her how she came to sell them three for one, and if she had ever seen the Jew before; she said, he had been in her shop several times before, and she had dealt with him, but I did not ask her in what.
What was the weight of the halfpence found in the firkin?
About three quarters of a hundred weight.
You agree with your brother officers as to the woman's health?
Yes.
The prisoner keeps a chandler's shop?
yes.
A shop of all others the most exposed to take bad halfpence?
It is a very low-life neighbourhood certainly, and she said she had a right to dispose of them as well as she could.
On the Friday the Jew came to me, and asked me if I had any old metals; I told him I had not; then he said, had not I got some bad halfpence; I said, yes, the worse luck; then he said, he had a friend in Whitechapel that for the value of half-a-guinea would let me have goods, and take them at the full value, and the next day, when the officers came, I never spoke to him at all; I had been very ill all night, and I was waked by the officers searching a poor woman that was a servant of mine.
I am a cheesemonger, in Drury-lane; I have known the prisoner eight years; she bears a very good character for honesty.
Was it likely that she should have taken in the way of her trade as many bad halfpence as you see there?
Yes; I have as many myself now by me.
I am a baker, in Little Mary-le-bonne-street; I have known the prisoner eleven years.
Do you know if Davis was a person much in her confidence?
I believe very much; I understood they were married.
Do you know of any proposal he made to marry her?
Yes.
What was Davis?
He had formerly been in the chandlery line, and failed; he then got into the Bench, was liberated and went to live with Mrs. Grout. It was flying report that they were married; I am sensible they were called in church.
How do you know that?
Because she told me so herself.
You give her a good character for honesty?
Yes.
Do you take it to be the conduct of an honest trades-person to sell bad halfpence three for one?
I must think it was not an honest thing; I do not think the woman understood the law.
