I am a labourer belonging to the East India Company.
Were you so employed on the 15th of May?
I was.
What was the prisoner?
A labourer also.
On this day was the prisoner at work?
He was; between twelve and one I went up to work along with him, nailing up the chests for sale; and I see the prisoner go along to a place where he had no business to go, in a bye alley, where the goods were laid down, and I followed him round, and goes into that alley, and when I was about three or four yards from him he turns about and see me, and then he went out of that room into another, and I staid in the warehouse till such time as he came out of this alley; going then into the alley I found something under my feet, and I stopped down and found some tea very much spilt, and I looked at some chests, and I see the toothenage was broke to get out the tea; I directly goes out of the alley to tell Mr. Hacket, and Mr. Hacket came, and he went to the prisoner, I stood by while he went to the prisoner, the prisoner was searched in Mr. Hacket's presence, not in mine.
What became of the prisoner?
He went with Mr. Hacket, they went down together to the elder's counting house, I did not go at all.
I am a commodore. I found this man absent from his work, and I followed, and went down the warehouse, and in following of him I observed something in the lining of his coat, and I judged it was tea; after this I asked Stuart to go and take hold of him; and he said he had rather not, and I went and laid hold of him, and took him down to the elder's counting house; immediately there was a King's officer sent for, and he searched him in my presence, and he took the tea from the lining of his coat, in both skirts.
Did the prisoner say any thing at that time?
Not a word.
What sort of tea was it?
Congou.
Did you go into the alleys that we have heard described?
I went into the alleys and found several chests broke.
Is that congou tea such as the East India Company had in their warehouses?
Yes.
Was there congou tea in any of these chests in the alley?
There was congou tea in them all, there were two hundred chests; they had been broke open within half an hour; I had been down the alley not half an hour before, and these chests I am sure that I found broke, was perfectly whole, none of the toothenage taken off.
Had you the curiosity to look at the two teas together; this that was found in the chests, and that in the lining of his coat?
No.
Had it the appearance of congou tea, such as was in the chests?
It had. I think about five shillings may be the value of it.
I have lived twenty years in Whitechapel parish, and thirteen years a housekeeper, and through fire, and not being insured, and distress, and one thing another has reduced me; I have sent to my friends in Whitechapel, if they would be so kind to come here and give me a character for the time that they knew me. I hope my Almighty maker will forgive me all my offences in my life time, and I hope for mercy at the hands of this honourable court; it is the first offence that I have been ever guilty of.
