I live at the Bell and Crown, Holborn; the goods were taken from the Bell and Crown to be delivered to a Mr. Leech, in Cornhill, by my porter. That is all I know of the business.
Are you a porter?
Yes.
Did you carry this parcel of gloves from Mr. Fagg's?
Yes. On the 30th of May, I had got several lots of gloves and different articles besides; I carried them into Cheapside, the corner of Wood-street , and I pitched them down to see which way the numbers ran, and I left the boy along with them while I turned into Cheapside to see which way the numbers ran; I was coming back again I see a man in Cheapside crossing with a parcel, and I thought it was one of the parcels, and I looked immediately at my bundle, and I missed the parcel, and there was another man that asked me whether I had lost a parcel? I told him I had; and he said, yonder he goes; and he set off directly into Friday-street, and just at the Old Change, in Watling-street, he dropped them out of his arm. I never lost sight of him only when he turned the two corners, and I got the parcel, and another man ran after him and stopped him, with some more help. I followed him; I found him in the Old Change; they were bringing him back.
Are you sure it is the very same man?
I never see his face; but his dress appeared the same; I believe him to be the same man.
Knapp. So you never see this man's face at all?
Not till after he was taken; but then he was never out of my sight, only when he turned the corner.
I was coming up Wood-street, on Saturday evening, the 30th of May, and I see that man (the prisoner) and another come up to a little boy, one of them got talking to the boy, and I suppose he was talking to him some minutes, while he was talking to the boy that man took up a parcel and went off with it. I am sure the prisoner was the man that took it up.
Knapp. Had you ever seen him before?
Never.
You pursued him?
Yes. As soon as he took it the porter came up, and I told the porter; we both of us pur sued him directly down into Friday-street, and he set off running as fast he could, and he ran as far as the corner of Old Change, and he let the parcel slip behind him, and he turned up Old Change; two or three tried to stop him, and by some means or other somebody threw him down.
Had he been out of your sight from the time that you see the parcel drop?
No, never.
I have got the bill of parcels of these goods that were stolen. (Reads) \"Six dozen of womens coloured grain gloves, ten dozen of habits, one dozen of womens white kid, two dozen of habits, and four dozen of mens york.
Knapp. Was the bill of parcels sent with the parcel?
Yes. I live with Mr. Leech, in Cornhill.
You don't know what quantity was in that parcel except by the bill of parcels?
The bundle was called over with the bill of parcels, and it was perfectly right.
I am convinced from the evidence that that young man has sworn against me, that he would say any thing in the world.
