I live in the liberties of the rolls ; I am a stationer .
Was you at home when the house was broke open?
Yes, I know nothing of the matter, there are some gentlemen here that saw the transaction.
Was you in Burton's house?
No, I was not; about six in the evening I was in Rolls-buildings, I was coming out of my father's house, which is nearly opposite.
What did you observe?
I observed two men outside of the rails, and the window open of Mr. Burton's house, the prisoner at the bar was in the parlour; on which I went over the way, and as soon as I went over, one of them went off; the other stopped outside of the rails; I asked them what business they had to do there? on which the prisoner at the bar came to the window, and shewed himself to me; on which I asked the prisoner who he was? he said he belonged to the house, and if I did not get out of the way, he would jump over me; on that he came up, and said, now you see who I am, I belong to the house; I told him it was very well if he did belong to the house, but I insisted on his going into the house; on which he went up to the other man, and drew a stick from the other man, which he had under his coat, and aimed a blow at me with the stick; on which I got into the middle of the road, and evaded the blow, and called out, stop thief! and he ran off, and I pursued him into White's-alley; he was out of my sight at the corner, but I see him again before he got to the corner.
Did you see him running?
Yes.
Was he taken?
Yes, he was taken in a minute after he ran off, within a hundred yards from the place.
Was he taken while he was running?
Yes, he was stopped.
Are you sure that is the man?
Yes, very sure, he poked his face almost up to mine when he jumped out of the window.
What time of night was this?
About six o'clock last night.
There were no remains of day light?
No, I don't think there was, it was near night.
Did you stop the prisoner at the hue and cry?
Yes.
Was he running?
Yes.
What account did he give of himself?
The moment he was stopped, he asked me what I had to do with him? I told him that there was a cry of stop thief, and I suspected him to be the person; immediately this person came up to me and secured him.
Had you seen that parlour window for any time before this?
No.
You don't know of its being shut?
The servant says it was shut.
You are servant to the prosecutor?
Yes.
Do you remember the night the prisoner was taken up?
I do.
Was you in the parlour?
I was not.
When did you see the window before this?
At five o'clock I carried up my master's candles, and I saw the window safe then.
What does your family consist of?
My master and two ladies.
Were they in the house between five and six o'clock?
No, they were not then in the house; there was only my master and me, except those belonging to the lady that keeps the house.
Then your master is only a lodger?
No.
Who was there besides in the house?
There was only another servant girl she cannot speak any thing about it, I am sure of that, because she was not in the kitchen with me, therefore I am sure she was up stairs.
She ought to have been brought.
