On the 24th of November, I lost two thread-cases, or pocket-books; on the 30th, I lost a silver pencil-case, and a silver fruit-fork, a mahogany shaving-case, and a clothes-brush; the prisoner was servant to a person who furnished my house, he had brought furniture in, and on the 30th he brought some more; as I suspected him, I sent for an officer, he was searched, and the pencil-case, and fruit-fork, found upon him; I went to his lodgings with an officer, and found the two thread-cases, a shaving-case, and a clothes-brush, all belonging to me.
I told these goods to Mr. Gaimes.
I am a constable:(Produces a fruit fork and a pencil and pencil case); the prisoner was searched before I came to Mr. Gaimes's, and they were delivered to me in the presence of the prisoner; I have had them ever since. The man that searched him is here.
I work for Mr. Gaimes; I went there with some work, the constable was sent for, but he was a long while coming; and I said, I would search him; I asked him, if he had not got something belonging to Mr. Gaimes about him, and he said, no; I searched his pocket, and could not find any thing; I then felt about his breeches, and, at the bottom of his breeches, underneath, near the knee, I felt them; I told him to unbutton his knees, and he tried to shove them under his stockings, but I would not let him; I took them from him, and gave them to the officer, these are the same.
These are my property.
I went on Friday last to search the prisoner's lodgings, at the corner of Short's-gardens, Drury-lane; I saw his wife, and asked her for the thread cases that her husband had brought home, and she immediately went to a drawer and pulled out one of them; she said, she had given the other to a young woman who was then in the room, and then she went and fetched it, and gave it to me; I also found this shaving-case.
These are all my property.
I live servant with Mr. Gaimes: I know the thread-cases to be Mr. Gaimes's property; they have my handwriting upon them; I marked them off.
