On Saturday evening, the 16th of July, the prisoner at the bar came to our shop, and asked for some muslin; I shewed her some; there was another woman who had come in about ten minutes before, and said she must be served immediately, or could not stay, who asked for the same kind; it was rather dark, and the prisoner asked for a light; I said she had better take it to the door to look at it, as I had no person to get a light, for a friend of mine came in at the time, and being rather embarrassed with the two customers, and suspecting them, I asked him to attend on the prisoner, while I attended on the other; I went again to the prisoner, and she had fixed on some muslin, and asked the price; I asked her eight shillings and six-pence; she said she wanted two yards, and would give me eight shillings; just at that moment my master Mr. Hinckesman came, and I told the prisoner to go to him, and he would cut it off for her; I then counted my muslins, and found one piece gone, and told the other person to write on a piece of paper, and take it to Mr. Hinckesman, that I suspected the prisoner had taken a piece of muslin; he let her go out, and I followed her, and brought her back into the shop, and I saw her drop this piece of muslin from her.
I took charge of the prisoner, I searched her, but found nothing on her.
Before this piece had been removed from the place where you had laid it, there was a young man, a friend of yours, came in?
There was.
Your master came in before this could have been removed?
No, I believe not.
After this woman was in your custody, she was left alone for a considerable time, and might have gone away if she had chose it?
She might certainly.
Who was with her?
Simmons was with her.
On your suspecting that these persons did not mean what was honest, and the other pressing you to attend to her, you directed your friend to attend to the prisoner particularly, whilst you served the other?
Yes.
He was then particularly directed to attend to this woman, and to see whether she did any thing that was wrong?
Yes.
So that whether your friend saw the muslin removed afterwards, of course you cannot tell?
What had your friend to do with the shop?
He was waiting to go with me to pend the evening.
