I live in the Broad way, Westminster , I am a victualler .
Did you lose any linen the 6th of last month?
Yes, these things were all away between the hours of seven and eight, a table cloth, three aprons, a gown, and a half handkerchief with my name on it, and a pocket handkerchief, and a cap with double borders.
Do you know where these things were on the 6th of January?
They were put in a clothes basket to be washed, by my wife.
Is your wife here?
No.
How do you know she put the articles in the clothes basket?
I know because she always, on Tuesday morning put the clothes in the clothes basket.
Did you see her do it?
I did not.
Why did not she come here? Is she not well?
She is well, but has a large family. I see the things again at the police office, Westminster, after the prisoner was taken up at her lodgings. The prisoner was a servant to me, she lived in my house.
Because you speak of her being taken up at her lodging?
She took a lodging after she left me.
When did she leave you?
On the 6th of January last.
Was she with you in the forenoon?
She was, till between six and eight at night.
She left your house that night?
She did, about twenty minutes before eight, I went out and I left her in the house, going backward to the wash-house with some dishes to wash up; I went out to go on my duty, as I belong to the patrol of St. Bride's parish; I went out to go to the watch-house, then my wife called her in.
You must not tell me what your wife said, I thought you knew better.
I know no further. My wife sent for me home about two or three minutes, before the clock struck eight, and I came home.
When you came home was the prisoner there?
No; mor I did not see the prisoner from that night till the Saturday following, this was Tuesday, and on the Saturday following I see her and apprehended her.
Where was she when you did see here?
In the Broad way, very near the police office; I see her, and I stepped up to her, and said, Mary, what made you run away, and take away so much of my property? she made me no answer; I took her home to see if she would confess.
Did you give her any information that you would forgive her if she would confess?
I am very sensible that I did not; I took her home, she would not speak to me, and she went into the back parlour to my wife.
Did you hear what she told your wife?
No.
She said nothing to you?
No, but to my wife; then I took her from my apartment to the police office, and in taking her I see my half handkerchief tied about her head, with my name on it.
How long before this had you seen this handkerchief of your's?
I had seen it almost every day, but being cold weather I did not wear it.
How long before the Tuesday that she went away?
I suppose two days, I will not say exactly, I suppose it might be about Monday that I put it off my neck, and throwed it among the dirty linen.
Did you see any thing else?
The constable was sent with me to the lodging, and found the rest of the things in her apartment.
Where were her lodgings?
At the top of Peter-street.
How do you know they were her lodgings?
The woman that she lodged with was with her, and she says, what is the matter you have taken up this girl? I said, she was a thief, I have taken her up for thieving my property; says she, she has come to lodge with me, and I will not go home to my house till you get an officer to come and search the lodging.
Did the prisoner hear her tell you that she had come to lodge with her?
Certainly she did.
It was in her hearing that you said the woman should come and search her lodgings?
It was.
Is that woman here?
No, she is not.
Who went to search the lodging?
An officer, he is not here, I went with him and the landlady.
What part of the house did she lodge in?
The one pair of stairs front room. The officer searched the room, and found the different articles that are mentioned.
You was present?
Yes; two aprons were found in the room, and the cap was sent out to be washed, and the gown cut into a bed gown, and the handkerchief and the table cloth; the prisoner was not by when the room was searched, she was confined in Tothillfields, directly after we went to Tothillfields, we went back to search the house.
What became of the things that were found?
Here they are.
To whom were they delivered?
They were in the hands of the officer, and as he is bad a bed, and cannot be moved, he begged of me to take them; I am able to swear that they are my things that we found, and that they are my property.
Did the constable go before the grand jury?
Yes, he is bound over, that was the session before this, she was sick the last session, and could not be tried.
You had no expectations that she would go away at that time?
No. This is the apron, I can swear that this is my wife's property; I know the check, I know her to wear them a long time.
Can you speak to them as well as your wife?
Yes, I can. Here is a gown I bought five years ago; she cut it up into a bed gown, but I can speak to its being the same gown, though it is cut up; I know it by the colour; I can swear to it that it is my wife's; there is no mark on it except the print. This is the double bordered cap, I know it is one of her caps, it is rather the worse for wear. This is an apron that I can swear to, it has got a slit in it, there is no mark on it. This is the half handkerchief with my own name on it; this is what the constable took from her head at the office, I see him.
Has it the name at full length?
No, only two letters, S. C. I can safely swear to its being my property. Here is the table cloth; the constable found it between the bed and bed tick, this large table cloth; I see my wife go out to buy it about a fortnight before it was taken, it has no mark, but I know it, I put it on the large table in the shop.
What do you keep a eating house?
Yes.
How lately had you seen any of these things except the neck handkerchief?
I had seen the table cloth on the table that very afternoon that she absconded.
Mistress took me into the room and promised me if I would tell every thing she would forgive me.
You saw the prisoner in the Broadway, in company with the woman that she lodged with; was it after that you took the prisoner to your own house?
I took the woman and prisoner both at once to my house, and the woman told then where she lodged.
Did she tell before you took her to your wife?
She did.
