Mr. Flower, I believe you lately resided at Madrass?
Yes.
Do you know yourself of his\\ send\\ ing any bills to any relation of his in England?
Yes; I do.
To what amount?
One of five hundred pounds, and the other of two hundred.
Did you know any other?
I cannot positively say I knew of any other.
Had this Mr. Richard Dean , at Madrass, any partner?
Yes? sir, he had.
What was his name?
James Dobbin .
Did you know to whom those bills were sent in England?
Yes; John Dean , of Castle-street, Long-acre.
I believe you are personally acquainted with John Dean ?
No, Sir, I was not.
Did you know a person of the name of Finman, Lieutenant Finman ?
Yes; sir, I do.
Did you know a person of the name of Turner?
Yes; perfectly well?
Were they acquainted with this Mr. Richard Dean in the East Indies?
Yes.
Had they any dealings or transactions with him in money matters?
They had in goods.
Do you know R. Dean's hand writing?
I do.
Be so good as to tell me if that is his hand writing?
Yes; it is.
Did you ever see him write?
Yes; this is the letter of the 17th of July.
Do you know Mr. Dobbin's hand writing?
I do.
Be so good to look at that, and see whether that indorcement is his hand writing?
Yes; it is.
Have you seen him write?
I have.
Is that the Mr. Dobbin whom you just now mentioned as being partner with Mr. Richard Dean ?
It is.
Is that his hand writing?
Yes;
Before you left Madrass, had you advanced any money to Richard Dean ?
I advanced him money and goods, to the\\ amountof one hundred pound.
By whom was that hundred pound to be repaid to you again?
By John Dean of London, whom I mentioned just now.
Did John Dean pay you that money?
he did not.
Did you apply to him on that subject?
I did.
What was the answer you received?
No; we object to that; Was it paid?
It was not paid.
In consequence of your application to John Dean , did you, or John Dean , or either of you, make any application to the Post Office?
We did; we went to the Post Office. and went to the Dead Letter Office.
I believe in consequence of your application there you saw two letter carriers, and in consequence of some information, you found out the lodging of the prisoner?
Yes; he was not at home; we waited near an hour at the next house; we first saw him go into his lodging; the letter carrier I believe spoke to him first.
Did you see the prisoner?
Yes; we did.
What passed between you and the prisoner?
He went with us to the public house, and he said your name is Flower; you are just come from abroad; I have to pay you one hundred pounds; I told him I did not come on that business, that I came for some letters and notes that he had got, that I believed did not belong to him; he said he had got them safe, and he would deliver them up.
Did he deliver them up to you?
Not directly.
Did you ever get possession of the letters and bills?
I did at his sisters.
How came you to go to his sisters?
he gave me the direction; first of all he went with us in a coach.
Was the sister then at home?
She was not.
Did you go again afterwards?
We came back to his lodgings and found her there; I asked her for the letters and notes; she said she had got them safe and wanted to know who was to pay her for her trouble, she had been getting them accepted; Dean and me went back with her to the house, and she went up stairs while we stayed in the parlour, and brought down a little basket with some bills.
Look at these letters and papers and see whether they are the letters and papers that were delivered to you by the sister.
Yes.
To whom did you deliver these letters and papers?
To Mr. John Dean , he delivered them to Mr. Justice Bond.
Do you recollect this gentleman? (the secretary of the Post Office) - Yes; I believe John Dean gave them to Mr. Parkins; the original note of two hundred pounds was not there, but there was a copy of it.
Look at that, and see if that is the copy?
No it is not; I embarked on the 18th of January, 1792, for England.
How long before that was it that you saw these bills sent by John Dean to his brother Mr. Richard Dean ?
I cannot recollect; about seven or eight months before.
I believe the notes that you alluded to, that had been sent to England, was the five hundred and two hundred, not the fifty?
Yes.
Pray, sir, did you know Mr. Lewis Dean , while he was in the East Indies?
I did not know him.
Did you know any of the name of Dean?
I only knew that Richard Dean .
You are a letter carrier in the General Post Office?
Yes; in December of that year, and about a week in January this year, I delivered a letter in Castle-street, Long-acre.
Look upon this letter, upon which there is some memorandum of your own, and tell me whether that came to your hands in December last?
It came, I think, the last day of December, or thereabouts;
Did you, in the course of your duty, carry that to the house of Joseph Sayres , a shoe maker, No. 9, Castle-street?
Yes.
To whom did you purpose to deliver it there?
To Mr. John Dean , as directed; John Dean , that lodged there.
What John Dean that lodged there?
The prisoner.
Then you carried it there, expecting it was for the prisoner who had lodged there?
Yes.
Did you find the prisoner there, or had he left Sayers?
He had left Sayers, I had a direction to Short's-gardens, but I did not find him there; I carried the letter to the Dead Letter Office.
Before you returned it, had the letter been opened by any body?
Yes.
Where was the letter opened, before it was carried to the Dead Letter Office?
by Mr. Doe, in my presence; he had a son coming from the East Indies, and he expected it might be a mistake; he opened it in my presence; he looked at the top of the letter, which said, dear brother, he immediately said that was not for him, and returned it; it contained two bills; one of two hundred, on a ship-builder at Blackwall, whose name I believe was Perry; the other was a fifty pound, I do not recollect the name.
Now upon receiving this letter, with these contents, from Doe, what did you do with it?
I kept it several months, and called several times afterwards, and returned it to the office.
Did you return it with the inclosure which you originally had it in?
Yes.
Can you fix the time of the return to the Dead Letter Office?
We generally return them in two months.
What do you do with them in the mean time?
We keep them in the office, in a drawer till the day of returning.
Is there a drawer to each carrier?
Yes; every letter carrier returns his letter, and I kept them in my drawer till the time came, they remained therefore under my own care, till delivered some time the latter end of April, or beginning of May; I met the prisoner in Lombard-street; I was delivering my letters, that was my district; Mr. Dean asked me for such letter he asked me if I had not returned a letter; containing two hundred and fifty pounds, directed to John Dean , No. 9, Castle-street; I think he said, he expected it from the Indies; I told him that I did recollect such a letter, and that it was returned to the Dead Letter Office; and I said the best way will be for you, Mr. Dean, to come to the office the next morning; accordingly the next morning I went there, and found it was not open; I went to Mr. Barlow; and he produced a letter containing the two bills for two hundred and fifty pounds; he opened and looked at them; and then I carried the letters; inclosing the bills to the prisoner; I delivered him the letter opened, with two bills, and in his pocket, as he opened it, there appeared to be another letter in the same writing.
Did you afterwards, in consequence of some suspicion, go with Mr. Flower to the prisoner's lodgings?
When I came in, I said to the prisoner, Sir, did not I deliver to you a letter containing two bills for two hundred and fifty pound, and he said I did; Mr. Dean and Mr. Flower said they wanted their property, and as it was not his, he had better deliver it up, and they should carry it no further; and they ageed to go to the public house, but instead of that we agreed to go to Bow-street.
He made no secret of this, where he lived?
Not that I know of.
I have been a letter carrier in Castle-street, Long-acre, upwards of six months.
Do you remember having a letter to deliver in Castle-street, No. 9, to Mr. Dean?
Yes, I recollect it perfectly well.
Do you recollect the time?
I cannot say the time exactly.
As near as you can?
I believe the first of my having a letter might be the beginning of March.
Where did you apply?
In Castle-street, No. 9.
Who then kept the house?
He was a shoe-maker; I believe the name was Chairs; I kept the letter for some time by me; I had two letters; the first time I ever saw the prisoner was in the Post Office Yard; I cannot ascertain the time.
As nearly as you can guess tell me where it was?
In the Post-office yard.
What passed between you?
Nothing between him and me.
What became of the two letters which you had?
The prisoner met me when I was ringing our bell, in the Seven Dials; that was after I had seen him in the Post-office yard, but I cannot say how long; he asked me if I had any letters for John Dean , I told him I had; he asked me if I would deliver them to him; I told him I had two, but they were at the Post-office; it was of a Saturday night, and he said he should wish to have them if I had not got them by me: then, said he, if you will meet me at the New Turnstile, Holborn, between six and seven o'clock; I told him he might enquire for me at the Lamb, and he said he would meet me there; it was in the spring of the year; it might be in the beginning of May, I cannot say; he met me again at a barber's, an acquaintance of his; he was not there just when I went, and so I went to my brother-in-law; I did not see him that evening; I took them to Mr. Chaddick, a brother-in-law, a hair dresser, and left them at his house.
Look at that letter?
That is one of the letters that I left at Chaddick's, for Dean, the prisoner.
Look at that?
This I do not know any thing of.
Look at the date of that?
It is January the 31st, but I do not recollect.
Was you the letter carrier at that time?
Yes, I was.
Was it your duty to receive those letters and carry them to the place of destination?
Sometimes they are delivered by the penny-post; this has no penny-post mark upon it.
It was your common duty to have delivered it?
If it came to my hands it was my duty to deliver it; if I had it not, I could not deliver it.
Did you see Dean after this time that you left the letter at Chaddick's?
I never saw him till he was taken up.
Do you remember the application of Flower and the other Mr. Dean to you?
Yes.
Did you go with them to the lodging of the prisoner?
Not into the house, but I was there at the same time.
Who had the first opportunity to speaking to or saying any thing to the prisoner?
I believe Flower and Dean before me, I was out of the room, I went to look to see if I could see him any where.
Did you yourself hold any conversation with him at all on this occasion?
After he came in I asked him if he recollected receiving this letter from the hair dresser in the New Turnstile, and he said he recollected it perfectly well; I asked him if Daniel, the letter-carrier, had delivered him a letter, and he acknowledged he had.
Carry yourself back to the Post-office, where you saw Daniel giving him the letter?
Upon my word I cannot ascertain the time exactly, for there is so many circumstances of that kind, it is impossible for any man to charge his memory with it.
You are acquainted with Mr. R. Dean, in India?
I am.
Did you bring any letter from him?
I arrived here the 25th of January, and left Madrass the 21st of September last.
What time did you receive any letter from Mr. Richard Dean in India, before you left the country?
About the 19th I received a letter from Mr. Richard Dean , to carry to England, this is the cover of the letter I received from Mr. Richard Dean , and brought it to England; I brought it to town about the 30th of January; I left them with Mrs. Campbell to put into the Post-office, as I was ordered down again.
You see, gentlemen, it mentions his having written a letter which had not come to their hands at that time.
Did you know any other person of the name of Dean there besides the Dean you are now speaking of?
No.
I live at No. 9, Castle-street, Long-acre; I am a shoemaker.
Did the prisoner at the bar at any time and when lodge with you?
He came to me the 17th of July 1790.
How long did he continue to lodge with you?
Three weeks and one day, he went away on the 8th of August in the same year.
After he was gone did any letter carriers call to leave any letters there for John Dean ?
Yes, after he was gone I gave information to him, and he came after he had got the letters and thanked me for them; the first time the post man came it was the latter end of November or very early in December.
When did the letters come?
Why they came in about three weeks afterwards sooner or later I cannot say.
This was the only John Dean you knew in the street?
Yes, sir, there is the name of Dean on another door in the street, at No. 8.
What are you by profession?
A stock broker
Residing I believe in George-street, York-buildings?
Yes.
When did you first become acquainted with the prisoner, Mr. Dean?
I believe it is between twenty-two and twenty-three years ago.
You have no acquaintance with the other Deans?
No.
When did he first apply to you on the subject of any East India securities?
I believe about three or four months ago; he applied to me, and said as I was an old acquaintance, and that he was in a very indigent situation, but had relations in India from whom he had long expected assistance, and now they had sent it to him; he then wished for my assistance, to get a bill drawn on Sir Edward Hughes to be accepted; that he had been himself several times, but supposed that from his indigent appearance he could not get admission into the house; seeing his appearance both infirm and indigent, I could not avoid to do it, though I could not recollect any knowledge of him, nor did I need it? I got a friend that lives in the family to take a bill to Sir Edward Hughes , I received a bill of him from Sir Edward Hughes , with a letter of advice.
It is a part of your profession to do these things?
By no means, it is the part of a notary publick.
How long have you discontinued that?
What.
Receiving money on securities? negociating and getting bills discounted and presented?
We may understand our own professions best perhaps.
On that account it is, Sir, that I ask for information?
The bill was brought back to me unaccepted; the prisoner called for it some time after.
About what time was that return of the 500 l. bill?
I do not know, I cannot recollect exactly the time, about three or four months ago; I returned the letter of advice and the bill both together, that was the only thing that I doubted of the goodness of them by being both on one quarter of a sheet of paper. The next transaction was after I had returned it about a week or ten days after he came to me again; he offered me any pecuniary reward for what I had done, I told him that was not my motive, nor did I chuse to accept it; he came again and said he had got some more remittances; came and shewed me copies of the two bills now in question, for the sum of 800 l. and 50 l. not the originals; he desired my assistance to get them accepted as I understood, but I found otherwise afterwards. He met me by appointment, and desired me to go with him to Mr. Reads; Mr. Read had an objection to give him the bill, not believing him to be the person that the bill should come to, from his appearance, and from his appearance only; that he said in the presence of the prisoner, that till somebody came that knew him he did not chuse to give up the bill; I told him he need be under no apprehension, I knew him to be John Dean ; that I had known him many years, and had letters to shew he was the person, upon which he pulled out several letters to the gentleman, on which Mr. Read, or whoever it was, gave him the bill directly accepted; from that moment he gave it entirely to my directions; he said he was drawn upon for 10 l. and a few guineas, and that there was another hundred pounds drawn upon him and that that would not become due for some time; that he said was from the East India company; I told him he might have what money he would upon it, but he did not chuse to have any more; and I took him to Mr. Batson's the bankers, and recommended him to open an account, and recommended them to discount him the 50 l. bill and take the discount. I had nothing to do with it.
Before you went to Batson's had any indorsement been put upon it in your presence?
Yes, Sir, at Batson's coffee-house; it was indorsed by the prisoner at Baker's coffee-house; he did not know that it was necessary; I told him it was necessary to put his name upon it, and they gave him an recountable receipt likewise for the two hundred pound bill.
Then your credit was not interposed between him and the banker?
No.
Is that his indorsement?
Yes.
Your indorsement was put on in the banking house?
One of the people of the Office, whom I do not know, said, Mr. Withey, you may as well put your name upon it, which I did.
I am a merchant, in Throgmorton-street; I know Mr. R. Finnian, an acquaintance of mine; he is an officer serving in the 32d regiment, this is his hand writing.
Did you ever see him write?
Yes.
I believe you are clerk in the house of Batson and company, bankers?
Yes.
Did you discount the bill of fifty pounds, and receive the bill of two hundred pounds from the prisoner?
We did; we discounted the fifty pounds, and I gave an accountable receipt to Mr. John Dean for the other?
Is that the receipt of which you speak? (shewing him a receipt) - Yes.
And that I believe is the bill? (shewing him a bill) - Yes.
Who are the partners in the house of Batson and Company?
Rowland Stephenson , Edward David Batson , Edward Stephenson, John Grave and Robert Glover .
I live at Blackwall.
Was that note tendered to you for acceptance?
Yes, sir, it was?
Do you know the drawer?
I did know him, he is unfortunately dead.
You are by business a taylor; and used formerly to live in Castle-street, Long-acre, and now live in David Street, Mary-le-bone?
Yes.
Have you a brother in India of the name of Richard Dean ?
Yes.
What part of India?
At Madrass.
When did he go to Madrass?
He went out from London in the year 1786.
Since he went there have you received any letter from him, and carried on any correspondence with him?
Yes; I have them in my pocket.
When did you last receive any letter from him?
In the year 1789.
Then for the last two or three years you have not received any?
No; nor any remittance from him.
I believe you was applied to by Mr. Flowers to pay a bill drawn by your brother for a hundred pound?
I was.
You refused to pay it?
Yes, sir.
When was it?
Last June.
Had you received either any advice from your brother of such a draft, or any cash, or effects to answer it?
No, sir.
Do you live at No. 9?
I lived at No. 8.
You went since this discovery with Mr. Flower to the prisoner?
Yes.
Did you receive from any body by his directions, any letter of your brother Richard's?
From the prisoner's sister, by his directions; I have looked at them, and they are my brother's hand writing.
Had these letters or their contents ever reached your hand, till they were delivered by the prisoner's sister?
Never.
Have you any recollection of the name of Hanns?
Yes; sir, he was my brother-in-law.
Have you any doubt but that these letters were intended for you?
No; from the hand writing and other circumstances.
I need hardly ask you whether the prisoner at the bar is brother to your brother who is at Madrass?
No; I never saw him till about the letter.
John Dean the taylor was your tenant?
Yes.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
No; I never saw him, but at Bow Street; John Dean lived at No. 8, Castle Street, Long-acre, I knew his brother Richard very well; I am quite unacquainted with the other end of the street, he lived there, I think, from the year 1790 till lately.
I married a sister of Richard Dean 's; he is at Madrass; I married from there.
Gentlemen, this is one of the five letters he got from the sister.
My lord, my father John Dean , the governor of Bengal, on the coast, left several natural children, some were formerly in the East India service, there was something for them; I applied to Batson's coffee-house for something; I was informed it was from abroad; I waited with much suspicion, I imagined that these letters were intended for me; both my uncle and father left several children; I did expect those were the letters intended for me; the way I came by the letters was by the people informing me there were several letters for me from abroad, that were of consequence; the people gave me the direction, and came after me from place to place, to hunt after me; please to let the witness be called that first informed me of the letters:
