I am a carpenter . On Friday night I left my tools in a new building, in Finsbury-place , I left them there about six o'clock when I lest work.
When did you first miss them?
On Saturday morning, about six o'clock. We heard of them about ten o'clock the same morning, and we saw them at Mr. Parker's, the pawnbroker, the corner of Wood-street, he was the person that detained them, and sent about to see if they could be owned.
Do you know them when you see them?
Yes. They are here, I have them, the constable would not come.
When did you receive them of th constable?
Tuesday.
Do you know his name?
Fletcher. I am certain of the tools, the plane I made myself, and the saw I have had two years and made common use of it; I should have known it if it had been carried to America, I know it very well.
I am a carpenter.
Did you lose any tools at any time?
Yes, a trying plane, a rabbit plane and a hand saw.
When did you lose them?
On the 30th of January last.
Did you lose them from the same place?
Yes.
When did you last see them in the place?
At six o'clock.
Did you see them at the pawnbroker's the next day for the first time after?
Yes.
Did you know them to be your's?
Yes.
How did you know the trying plane to be your's?
Very well; there is the maker's name on it. The rabbit plane I bought it of Mr. Parker, I have had it about two months, I know it by the mark of it, I could tell it from a hundred; the hand saw I know it, It is Mr. Harrison's make, I have had it these seven years.
I live with Mr. Parker.
Have you ever had that in your custody before?
There is my mark on it.
When were these tools brought to you?
On the 30th of January; the prisoner at the bar brought a basket of tools to pledge, it was in the evening, about a quarter past seven, to the best of my recollection.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
Yes.
You know him?
Yes; he said they were his own.
Are you sure the rabbit plane is one that he brought?
Yes, I am quite sure of that by the mark I put on it.
Then he was detained?
Yes.
Do you recollect who you sold the rabbit plane to?
I do not.
You said you had it for two months; now there happens to be this man's hand writing on it, will you venture to swear that is your's? did you ever see that man's hand writing there?
I never took particular notice; I never saw that man's hand writing there.
One John Wilkins brought me the tools, and asked me to pawn them for him; he was in distress he said.
