I am a hair-dresser at Highgate; I had an acquaintance came up to Highgate on Sunday the 4th of September, and I went home with him; coming along we called at the sign of the Adam and Eve, and had some Burton, being rather in liquor I came with my acquaintance to the bottom of Tottenham-court-road, and had some liquor there: I was returning home, and as I was going along I met with the prisoner at the bar, as it was dark I did not rightly see her, being in liquor; however, being persuaded by her, I went home to her at No. 5, Tumble-street, Tottenham-court-road , just at the bottom, and I was there from about ten o'clock till four o'clock in the morning, and there was no other person in the room but the prisoner at the bar; at this time I missed my coat, two waistcoats, one pair of gloves, and a key, which was the key of the room. I immediately got up and went to the watchman, and he came with me and searched the premises. We found nothing, and I went home to Highgate without coat or waistcoat; I let it be then, and never took no notice of it till next Monday se'nnight following, I went then to the same apartment, and caught the prisoner in the room; the prisoner I believe was in bed, she got up, and went with me to the public-house very readily; she had been there about a quarter of an hour, and she confessed she was the person that took the things, and where they were pawned, at Mr. Lane's, in Holborn. I went to Lane's with an order, and there I found them; she said she had tore the duplicates all to pieces.
I am a pawnbroker, I took a coat and two waistcoats of Elizabeth Wilson , (I now produce them); Elizabeth Wilson is a customer of ours, she pawned them with me for one guinea. (Produced and deposed to.)
Who is Elizabeth Wilson ?
She is a person who hath pledged things often at my shop.
Is she a married woman?
Yes.
Did you ask her how she came by them?
I did not, as I had known her for some years, and she had before brought such things.
I pledged these things myself, and the prosecutor promised me, upon his oath, he would not trouble me in the least if I would own to it, and after I had owned to it he told me he would not hurt an hair on my head.
Is that true?
Please you, my lord, I told her I would be as favourable as I could to her.
Did she tell you they were at Lane's?
Yes.
I have no witness but myself.
