I live at No. 22, Barbican .
Is your house your own?
No.
Does Harrison pay any rent with you? Do you keep the house jointly?
We keep the house jointly, I live in the house myself.
Does Harrison ever sleep in the house?
Occasionally when he is in London, but he resides in the country.
Was this house broke open at any time, and when?
The door was shut on Wednesday, the 28th of January, and it was opened, and six china cups taken out of the window.
In what manner was the door opened?
By the latch. I was in the counting house adjoining to the shop, but did not see it done.
Were any of your people in the shop?
None.
What do you know about it?
I saw nothing of it myself, I was called out of the counting house by the evidence, and told that my shop was robbed; I examined the window and found six china cups gone from the six saucers.
What business may you be?
In the china and glass.
What may be the value of them?
Half a crown. The evidence brought the prisoner into the shop, and he said he saw him throw the cups into the road; and he-ran and fetched some of the pieces, which corresponded with the saucers, which I shewed him in the shop; I have kept them till now separate.
The cups and saucers that were in the window were your cups and saucers?
They were.
I am apprentice to Mrs. French, opposite to Harrison and Burne's; I was in the shop about seven o'clock in the evening, and I saw the prisoner go to Messrs. Harrison's and Burne's door
What day?
Wednesday, the 28th of January; I suspected the prisoner, crossed over the way, see him open the door, and put his hand in and take out the cups.
Was the door shut, or was it locked?
Shut; he opened it, it was hasped.
Did he take one cup?
Several.
Was it dark at this time?
Quite dark; Mr. Burne's candles were lighted. He ran about five or six doors from Mr. Harrison's and Burne's, I pursued him, and he threw the cups in the mud; I was close behind him, within a few yards; he ran as far as Long-lane, and I cried out stop him, and I ran up and took hold of him immediately; my fellow servant coming up assisted me, and we brought him back to Harrison's and Burne's; then I left him in Mr. Burne's, and told Mr. Burne I would go and pick up the pieces of the cups, which I did, where I saw him throw them in the highway; they were broke all to pieces, I gave them to Mr. Burne.
I am a constable, I only took charge.
Who delivered him in charge?
Mr. Burne.
As I was coming from Clare-market, from my master's, coming down Long-lane, I was taken very ill, I went up a gateway to reach, being very sick, and two men came up the the gateway and charged me with this felony, that I know nothing about; I was up the gateway the time the young man came up and took hold of me.
