On the 24th of June last I lost a dining table, a three feet best mahogany dining table; it was at half past eight in the morning.
Where had it been before you missed it?
Outside of the street door. I am a cabinet maker and upholsterer; my servant set it up about seven o'clock in the morning; I had seen it ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before it was lost. At about half past eight in the morning, my family and I were sitting in a back parlour at breakfast, my next door neighbour, who is a baker, Mr. Giles, came running in, says he, Mr. Clarke, I am afraid you have lost a dining table, because there is a fellow turned my corner with a table, and I am sure it is not his own, and I really think it is one of your's; I immediately jumped up and ran to the corner, and a thought struck me, if he was a thief he had taken the court, I took the court which is only two doors up, and ran the length of that court, it is called Nottingham-court, when I got up there I looked each way in Bedford-street, and I saw him with the table, going towards St. Giles's, immediately as I set my eyes on him he turned the corner to a bye way; I followed close up to him, but instead of him turning the common passage, he went through several narrow passages, that I should not have supposed he could have got through with the table; I thought I would not attack him there, because there was no assistance; I knew he must come into Holborn soon, and then I stopped him; the prisoner is the man, I am quite certain.
Did you know him before?
Never see him to my knowledge; I have no doubt about him. When I stopped him I went before him, and told him to put that he had down; he said he should not; I told him I would make him; he said what do you mean by that. He then put it down, and flew from me down the passage; I ran down the passage after him, and laid hold of him, and I told him, it is in vain for you to attempt to go, for I will hang by you as long as I live; accordingly I brought him out of the passage, he attempted to go again from me, he came and stood then on the pavement, by that time my youngest son had come up to my assistance; I bid him ran for my neighbour Robinson the constable; immediately as I said that a person speaks up, I belong to Marlborough-street, and I am an officer there, and if you please I will take the prisoner; says I, I am very glad of it, for I really want somebody to take him, he did take him, and he got away once from him, I see him, for I helped to take him again; he was taken again, and carried to St. Giles's watch-house; and I met him at one o'clock at Marlborough-street directly that afternoon, which was only yesterday; the magistrate ordered me to prosecute. The table is here. (Produced and deposed to.)
I was looking for work, and I met a gentleman who employed me to carry the table down to Shoe-lane, to the Red Hart, it was a gentleman as I met, as I was looking for a job.
What is the value of your table?
Twenty shillings.
I would be glad to go and serve my king; I am a carpenter by trade.
