I live in Watling-street, I am a warehouse-man , in partnership with William Sowden ; I saw the trunk about six o'clock in the evening of Thursday the 29th of June, standing in the passage with some others; about a quarter before seven, a neighbour came and asked me if I had not lost a trunk, I looked and missed two.
I live at the corner of Watling-street: On the 29th of June, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner at the bar went into a house, which I supposed to be Sir William Langston 's, but which proved to be Messrs. Topham and Sowden's, and brought out of that house a trunk, he went up the Old-Change with it, and I saw no more of him.
Look at the prisoner?
That is him, I perfectly well remember him.
Did you ever see him before?
Never; I took particular notice of a large scar upon his left check, I observed his dress in general, and at the time he committed the act, he had the waistcoat on that he now appears at the bar in.
I saw the prisoner at the bar, and another man, walking backwards and forwards past the door, two or three times; the prisoner stood upon the step of the door sometimes, and then Mr. Topham came out with another gentleman; as soon as Mr. Topham was gone, in he went into the passage, with a man in a red jacket; I went to give an alarm, supposing he meant to steal the trunk, and when I went down, he was gone off with it.
Do you know how he got into the house?
The door was open, it always stands open in the day time.
I am a glover, No. 11, Cheapside: On the 29th of June, about seven o'clock in the evening, I saw two or three men place a trunk under Mr. Penny's window, they then left it under the window for the space of an hour and half.
Was there any body with it to take care of it?
Nobody to take care of it; the prisoner returned, and came to the door to thank me for taking care of the trunk; I told him I did not know that I had any trunk under my care; I then went to the door, and asked him who that trunk belonged to, he said it belonged to him; I asked him where he brought it from, he told me from the New Inn, in the Borough; I then told him I did not think he was the person that brought it, and therefore I should not deliver it up till the right owner came to claim it, he then said his master lived a great way off, and he wished the trunk to be carried to where he was going to take it to; he then lifted the trunk into the shop, and there it remained till half past eight, when the prisoner came, with another man dressed like a ticket porter, to demand the trunk; a friend of mine, of the name of Jones, was at that time standing in the shop, and he asked him from whence he brought it; the prisoner told him he brought it from the Nag's head in the Borough; Mr. Jones asked him where he was going to carry it, he said, to a Mr. Jones's, a hosier in Fleet-street; I then told him I should not deliver up the trunk till Mr. Jones came to claim it as his property; he then said, I might send any body with him to Mr. Jones's, in Fleet-street, and then I should be satisfied; my friend, Mr. Jones, said he would go with him, and accordingly they opened the door and went away together.
I am a coal-merchant: I called at Mr. Hill's, where this man was with the trunk; as my name was Jones, and lived in Fleet-street, and not knowing any thing of Jones, a hosier, in Fleet-street, I said I would go with him, which I did, and with the other man, who said he was a ticket-porter; as I was going through St. Paul's Church-yard, they whispered something about Pater-noster-row, and turned up Pater-noster-row, which I conceived to be the wrong way to Fleet-street; I then beckoned to a stranger to follow me, I suspected they meant to run away; and when they got into Pater-noster-row, they did run away; the prisoner pulled a knife out of his pocket, with which he cut a butcher's lad, who came out to see what was the matter; I attempted to stop him, he ran on to the corner of Creed-lane, towards Thames-street, a number of people were passing, which rather checked him, and then he was stopped, and I charged Johnson, the constable, with him, whom I saw in the crowd; I did not see the knife at first, but I suspected it was something of that kind, as I had seen several people who attempted to stop him, draw back again; the box remained in Mr. Hill's custody at his door, the prisoner had not the box with him.
I am sure this is my trunk, I know it by the mark on the outside; it was going on board a ship the next morning; it was put in the passage ready to take off.
It has been in my possession ever since.
What does it contain?
Four dozen searlet cloaks and some wrappers.
What is the value of them?
Thirty-two pounds seventeen shillings and nine pence, they have my mark upon them.
I positively deny the charge against me of the robbery.
