The prosecutor is a brewer , in King-street, Westminster , the prisoner was his servant , I am clerk to him; I have been in the habit of missing money for some time; on the 18th of September, I missed money from a place we call the iron-house, where we lock up our books for safety from fire, and there we frequently put a great quantity of copper money; we got a search warrant, and the Magistrates advised us to mark the papers; I accordingly told out 12l. worth of halfpence, in five shilling papers; I put twenty-four of these papers into the iron-house marked; on Wednesday the 20th of September, I missed seventeen out of the twenty-four; I replaced that seventeen, with seventeen more marked; on Saturday morning the 24th of September, all was safe in the iron-house; at eight o'clock in the morning, when I went to breakfast, and returned at nine, I had left the keys of the iron-house hanging up in the counting-house, where they always hung; a few minutes after that, Mr. Green saw him lurking about, and fancied he had stole some beet, and heard some keys fast; when I came to look in to the iron-house, I found some papers of which these are the checks, (producing them) we had him then in possession, and applied for a search warrant to the Police Office, then he was brought up, and confessed it.
I am a brewer; upon entering the tun-room, I heard a person in the adjoining store-house, moving about, and I found Dunn in a dark part of the store-house, I enquired his business, and he told me, that he was assisting the tun-men, placing the barrels; there were no barrels for him to place, as the business was already done; I looked about and found these keys, which I had heard him, upon entering the store-house, let fall; I consequently took them, and bringing them to the light, I found they were the keys of the lobby and iron-house; I took them to the counting-house to Mr. Sweet, and told him I had discovered the means by which his money went, and immediately went into the yard and called the prisoner, charged him with having taken the keys, and insisted upon his appearing before Mr. Pearce to clear up the matter, and I took him to the counting-house to Mr. Pearce, where I left him.
You heard the keys fall?
Yes.
They did not make any great noise, but such as if a man was going along and these keys were lying on the ground, as if he had kicked against them?
They were not upon the ground; they fell into a utensil about four feet from the ground, and six inches deep.
Was it after you went in that you heard it?
As I entered the store-house.
I was in the counting-house with the younger Mr. Pearce, when he acknowledged it.
Was any thing said to induce him to confess it?
Mr. Pearce told him, after the constable came, he could not-do any thing in it, but it would be better for him to confess it before he came; and I saw him pull out of his breeches pocket a five shilling paper of halfpence, (produces it.)
This is one of the papers that I had marked; the piece sits in, and the number too; I swear this is one of the papers I marked.
You pay your workmen some halfpence and some silver?
Yes; according as their pay is; I used to pay them about seven shillings in halfpence.
It is no great wonder therefore that any man should have five shilling or six shillings worth of halfpence?
No; but it was odd he should have those that had never been in circulation; it was marked by me for the purpose of detection.
I belong to Queen-square, Westminster: On the 24th of September I was sent for to apprehe this man, and in the counting-house he owned to me he had concealed twelve papers in the coalhole; I went there and found these papers of halfpence in a coal-hole under a cloth.
By his direction?
Yes; he went with me and shewed me where they were, (produces twelve five shilling papers.)
These are our's also; he had worked with us fourteen or fifteen months.
You had, I believe, a good character with the prisoner?
I don't recollect that we had any character.
But he was raised, from the good opinion you had of him?
I never suspected him of it.(The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.)
