I am a coach plater, London-Wall: On Monday the 28th of May, I had reason to suspect that a servant girl, of the name of Mary Gover, had robbed me, I challenged her with it, and threatened to send for an officer, and then she confessed she had sold the apron, the subject matter of this indictment, to a woman who sold gingerbread, at the corner of Bedlam, for four-pence; in consequence of that, I took the girl, and went to see for the woman, she was not there; I went a second time with the girl, and then she was there; I told her, she had got some of my property, she looked confused, not knowing me, till she saw the girl, and then she immediately said, yes, she had; I then said, you have got a muslin apron; she then said, she would give me all she had to the value of a farthing; I told her to come along with me, and give them to me directly; she said, she could not, her daughter was out, and she had got the key; she said, her daughter might be two or three hours before she came in; I saw an officer just by, and I gave her in charge to him; I then went to her room with the officer; I asked her what she had done with the apron, she said, it was pawned; I staid in the room, and she went with the officer to the pawnbroker's, and brought the apron to me in the room.
It was entirely by her means that you recovered your property?
Yes.
I am the wife of Thomas Eldrid; I know this apron to be mine; I missed it first on Monday, the 28th of May.
Was that the day your husband went to the prisoner?
Yes; Mary Gover was my servant; I had charged her with taking it, and it was brought to me the same evening, about seven o'clock, by Mr. Cox, the constable; the apron is my own making, there is no mark upon it, it corresponds with one that I have to produce.
Can you safely swear, that the apron, which the constable brought to you, is your apron?
Yes.
I am servant to Mr. Eldrid: On Monday the 28th of May, Mr. Eldrid charged me with stealing a muslin apron, and I owned to it; he said, he would charge me with a constable if I did not own to it; I told him, I had sold it for four-pence to a woman that sold gingerbread.
What did you say to the prisoner, when you sold it to her?
I told her, I was a nursery-maid to three children, and that my mistress had given me this apron for myself; she said, as I was a nursery-maid, if I had any other things to sell, she would be glad if I would bring them to her, as her daughter was ready to lay-in, I asked her four-pence for the apron, and she gave it me.
Did you tell her truly where you lived?
Yes.
I am a constable of Broad-street Ward, (produces a muslin apron) the pawnbroker is not here; the prisoner went with me to the pawnbroker's, and I found it there, it was pawned for two shillings.
This is my apron, I think two of them cost me twelve shillings, I had not wore this.
Do you think it would sell for four shilling?
I cannot say, but I think it would.
Is it worth more than four-pence?
Yes.
I have sat at the corner of Bedlam three and twenty years, I never was before a Justice in my life till now; the girl told me she was a nursery-maid, and her mistress had given her that, and she wanted to sell it; she asked me two shillings for it, I had but a groat in the world, I gave her that, and she was to come in the evening for the rest, but I never saw her afterwards, till the gentleman came with her; I told him directly that I had got it, I pledged the apron to give her the rest of the money.
Remember that you tell the truth, did she give you but four-pence?
No more, and there was not a word about two shillings mentioned.
