Do you know James Adman ?
I know the landlord of the house where I was, but I don't know his name because I am quite a stranger.
Do you know Adman's house?
Yes.
Do you know any thing about that house that Adman lives in?
I found out the misfortune as soon as I came into the room, I found I was robbed, I lodge in his house, I found it out on Monday about half after ten at night, the 18th of November, I lost five guineas, two half guineas, a coat, three pair of breeches, three shirts, and two neck-cloths, three pocket handkerchiefs, one pair of stockings, nine spanish dollars, and a french crown piece. They were in my chest just going in at the door on the left hand, in a room in this Adman's house, that room I hired for so much a week; on my coming home and finding this damage done I asked who was in the house? and began to cry; the landlady said I saw nobody else but this Jones go up all the afternoon. I know no further.
I keep the house for my brother, it is the coach and horses in Leather-lane, the corner of Hatton-wall , his name is James Adman ; when the alarm was made the young man said he had been up stairs and found he had been robbed of all his things, it might be about half after eleven, I immediately went and looked into the room where there were some single men, and where Mr. Jones was a lodger, Mr. Jones lodged in the house, and I found Mr. Jones was not at home, and not being at home I immediately went and looked to see if he had any things, he was not at home all night; I looked into the room and see nothing there except an old night cap not worth naming, and having seen Jones go out that afternoon with a bundle, I immediately mentioned it, it was about one o'clock, as near as I can say.
Who were at home at that time?
The servants of the house were at home, and I was at home, I believe my brother was out to the best of my knowledge.
In the first place I lodged with Mr. Adman up three pair of stairs where there are three beds.
I am one of the constables belonging to the police office, Hatton-garden. On the 19th of November, Tuesday, I received information of this robbery; the person who told me said he would go and point out the person to me that had committed the robbery? I went with him to a public house in Salisbury-court, Fleet street; I took the prisoner, and brought him to the office; in searching of him I took from his person five guineas in gold, two half guineas, two half crown pieces, one shilling and some halfpence, a gold ring, a silk handkerchief and a neckcloth; the handkerchief, ring, and silver, were returned to the prisoner; the neckcloth and gold I have kept in my possession ever since, and the prosecutor swore to the neckcloth and one guinea, being particular bright to the rest, being a new one.
Did you find any foreign coin on him?
None at all.
I can swear to the neck-cloth being my property, I had left it on my bed on Sunday morning; one of the guineas I can take my oath to it, being a particular new one.
Was the door of the room or box either of them locked?
I had the key of the room and the box in my pocket; the room was left locked.
In what situation was the door when you came home?
I came up to put the key in my door, and then I found it open.
Was there any appearance of its being broke open?
I did not see any particular marks of violence on the door.
Pray what particular mark is there on the neckcloth? I bought it in the country the time I did this on my neck.
I know it by a particular mark, it is mended like, darned, and there is a mark of paint on it.
He said before the justice that he believed it was his own, but now I find he has learned a better story.
What may be the value of this property altogether?
About 12l.
Did you ever find any other of your property?
Never.
I saw this man go up stairs in the morning; I lodge in the second floor below Jones.
In what floor did the prisoner lodge?
In a garret up three pair of stairs; I see him go up and down that day, and saw him go out with a bundle.
In the first place that is the gentleman that took me at the public house; ask him if he found any instrument about me; I am charged with breaking and entering.
He did not say that he did.
Or any other property whatever but what is my own; that neck-cloth is my own, it is the fellow of this that I have on my neck; in the second place I lodge at this landlord's up three pair of stairs, it is a house for the lodging of strangers, sometimes there is a man comes there for one night or two nights; now some time ago there was a robbery committed there of a sheet and a pair of shoes, they might as well have laid that to me as this, this robbery was committed on Monday night, why is not the same man as liable to commit this robbery as me? I have been in the house three months, or something better; the landlord of the house would give me a good character if he was here.
I have nothing to say but what he paid just, and honest, but how he got his bread I don't know. The lock of the door we have been obliged to have a smith to mend it, for it would neither lock nor unlock that room.
This lady says that she saw me coming down with a bundle, ever since I have been there I have perhaps been in and out for two or three times a day; that day I went, I went up to get a few things for a washer woman, the contents of this bundle were my own things, and were found at the washerwoman's when she was sent for, she knows the same; I have been out of the country but three months, I have nobody in this part of the world, and what little money was taken from me was the remainder of what I brought from the country; before the justice my prosecutor did not pretend to say any further, than that he believed it was his handkerchief; he might as well swear to this I have got on my neck, I dare say the gentlemen of the jury can find no particular mark upon it, if you look firm into this my lord, you will find me an injured man.
I went along with the constable in search of the prisoner, I shewed him where he was.
Do you lodge in Admans's house?
No.
How came you to know the prisoner at the bar was the person that committed the robbery?
Adman told me that he thought it was this man, because he was up and down stairs ever so many times, and so I knew where he was, and I shewed the officer.
