I am in partnership with Robert Jackson, smith , ironmonger , and brazier , in Frith-street, Soho ; the prisoner came into our service in October 1785; he was five years hammer-man, and being infirm, we had trusted him ever since as our night-watchman ; we missed tea and sugar every night, and a great many different sorts of goods; on Saturday the 8th of October, I told him to call me up between five and six to go out of town, and then I searched him, and found twelve whole candles upon him, and eight pieces, there were two or three gone of a night; the candles in his box increased every day, it had been his method to take the things of a Sunday morning, because there were no men there, then; he burnt a lamp for his own use, we found them under a benchi n the work-shop, where he sat; after this, we searched his lodgings, and we found fifty-five pieces of candles, tied up in different parcels; we found some buck leather, that we gave 3s. 6d. a pound for, to clean stoves with, and various little things; our stock contains about 80col. worth of goods, and it is impossible for us to miss these kind of things, and we found a pair of scissars.
Did you charge the prisoner with taking these things?
Yes; he desired we would be merciful to him, and not prosecute him.
Did you tell him, it would be better for him to confess it?
No.
Nor that it would be worse for him if he did not?
No.
How many years was he servant in the house?
For me and my partner, eleven years.
What age is he?
By his own account, 70.
I am nephew to the last witness, I am shopman, and manage the business in the shop; I have known the prisoner many years, I always thought him a very honest man; on the 28th of September, I told Mr. Moser he must have somebody in the house not very honest, we had missed candles two years and a half; I went and searched the different parts of the shop, and in the place where this man works, there was an iron box underneath his bench, and there were candles such as we generally use.
Was he allowed a box to put his own candles in?
No; he always burns oil; the next night, I found two more, the next night I found six, I looked on Sunday, and they were gone; Saturday night was our annual feast, I had not an opportunity of examining that place, and on Sunday morning I did, and they were gone.
Did you find any sciffars?
Yes; but not upon our premises, they were marked with E X, our private shop mark; they were found in his own room; I reckoned the candles before they were taken, every night for the last week; I found some in his pocket, in two papers, that were marked by me; they were marked with a pin in the tallow, some with an M. and others with an R.
There were only seven pieces of candles that were marked, I believe?
Yes.
And he is an old man of seventy?
Yes.
Was the buck leather marked?
No.
I am an apprentice to Mess. Jackson and Moser: on the Wednesday, previous to the prisoner being taken, the 5th of this month, at night, Mr. Moser asked me if I knew any thing of the things being stole, I told him, no; only I understood they had been missed; and accordingly every night between that and Sunday, they were marked some of them.
Were you present when they were taken upon the prisoner?
Yes; there were twelve whole candles, and eight pieces, some of them marked; I think there were seven of them marked, some pieces and some whole ones; some I had marked myself; and likewise a small nail bag was found at his lodging, and a pair of sciffars and some buck leather.
I bought 12lb of candles in January, in Holborn, and they were part of them that were found in my possession.
