On Wednesday the 39th of May in the afternoon about seven or eight o'clock, I was going past St. Giles's, and this prisoner at the bar called me, I had known her before, and she told me she had something to sell; and I goes with her home, and she took me up stairs, and took me into a room, and she locked the door, there was nobody in the room but I and the prisoner at the bar, she begged with me so long that I lay with her.
It was at her desire then?
Yes, it was. I had just before taken my money out of my breeches pocket, and put it into my watch pocket; I told her afterwards I wanted some water to drink, she told me there was no clean water in the room, to go down and fetch it; I then went to put my money from my fob into my pocket again, and I found the money gone, and I looked on the bed, and there was nothing on the bed; and she directly ran away; I cried out stop! stop! but she was gone; I could not find her any more the same night, and about three days after the constable took her.
I think you said you knew her before?
Yes, I knew her a year and a half.
A year and a half?
Yes, Judge and Jury.
Had you ever been at her lodgings before?
Yes, and lay with her before that.
This was an old acquaintance of your's. How came you to move your money? you took her for an honest girl when you went to her lodgings; and you have not said a word of giving her any thing?
I gave her something before.
Was the money ever found?
Not a farthing of my two guineas and a half, and four shillings.
Was you drunk or sober?
I was sober.
You was thirsty, you wanted water to drink?
Yes, but I was quite sober.
He asked me if I would go with him? I said, no, I was going to my work; and he said if I did not go with him he would go and fetch a constable, and say that I had robbed him.
How came you with so much money about you when you was going to a baudy house?
This woman called me, and said she had some things to sell, and she took it out of my pocket.
Had she been used to sell you any thing?
When I went up stairs she locked the door, and said I must lay with her.
How could you suppose she had any clothes to sell?
She told me so.
