I was going from my own house at Totteridge , into Hertfordshire; I did not see the highwayman till he came close to the carriage; he had a crape over his face, and a pistol in his hand; I desired him to take away his pistol, he did so; he asked for my money, I told him I had very little; I said I had a watch; he said I do not want that; I gave him a red leather purse which had a guinea and two shillings in it; seeing him stop after that, I asked him what he wanted; he said give me your watch; he desired me not to be frightened, and put the pistol in his pocket when I desired him; I was very much alarmed, but he certainly behaved very well.
I am coachman to Mr. Thellusson; I was driving the carriage; I had met the man at the bar about ten minutes before he stopt the carriage, then he came up and called to me to stop; I thought he wanted to pass me; I knew him to be the man I had seen before; I observed him very particularly when he came up; he put a crape over his face; I had observed his face and person; he had a light-coloured great coat on; there was a tear in his great coat, which had been mended.
I am an officer of Bow-street; I apprehended the prisoner on the 18th of September, in Drury Lane; I found this crape on him; his hair was loose; Mr. Hughes, took some duplicates, and powder and ball from him.
I took this purse from Mary Ann Fowles .
I am a pawnbroker; on Monday the 17th of September, Mary Ann Fowles brought me a brilliant to sell; I asked her where she got it, she said she found it in Broad St. Giles's; I went to Bow-street, and an officer came and secured her.
I offered a brilliant to sale to Mr. Heather; I found that diamond in Broad St. Giles's; I received a red leather pocket book from a gentleman in Ireland; I left Ireland about a year and a half ago. (The pocket book produced). I know nothing of this; it is not mine; I had not that purse of the prisoner at the bar; I never said at the office that I had the diamond of the prisoner at the bar.
This purse I verily believe to be mine; I bought it in the city.
I leave it to my counsel.
Radley lodged in my house nine months; I understood him to be a hackney writer ; during that time Fowles lived with him.
I am a taylor; the prisoner lodged upwards of five months with me, and behaved exceedingly honest.
I always thought him a good character.
I was present when Mary Ann Fowles was examined; and she said she had the purse from that fellow, and the magistrate told her to point him out, and she touched him.
