Did you ever see this ass that you conceived belonged to you at any time?
Yes, I saw it on Saturday morning at the Rotation in Worship-street. I had offered a reward for finding of it, and some hand-bills were distributed about the country.
I am Mr. Gossett's servant, I lost the ass on the Wednesday the 12th. I missed it on Thursday morning the 13th, I saw her on Wednesday night, about six o'clock, I saw her again on the Monday following, at the office in Hog-lane.
Are you sure that the ass belonged to your master?
Yes, I knew her by having a string halt behind.
Was it the same size and colour?
Yes, every where.
How long had you known this ass?
I cannot rightly tell, I have known her almost half a year.
Can you say that this ass that you saw in Bishopsgate-street, belonged to your master?
Yes, I can swear that.
Who brought her there, do you know?
The people belonging to the office.
The ass was made a present to me by my father last summer, it is a she ass, for the benefit of the milk for my family.
I know this ass; it is a she ass, I brought it from Bethnal green-road, from Mr. Gossett's father's, facing the charity school, about July last.
Did you ever see the ass since?
Yes, once since.
Was you acquainted with her when she was at Mr. Gossett's father's?
No, I only bought her and took her away that same day. Here is the man that sold her to Mr. Gossett's father.
Did you make observation enough on her to know that this ass, that was stole, was the same ass?
Yes, I can safely swear that I saw her at the Rotation office, it was of a lightish colour.
Had she a string halt?
Yes, in her near leg behind.
Do you know it by any other mark?
No otherwise than there is a mark on her back where there is the hair off by a wound. I am sure it is the same.
I am the man that sold the ass to Mr. Gossett; I had the ass four years; I saw the ass at the Rotation office, I am certain it is the same. I described every mark about her before I saw her, some red spots on each side, and she has a tooth that comes out against her lip, that she shed at one of the lower tusks; I am certain it is the same ass.
I have sold him some asses before, and he has bought corn at my shop, I sell corn. I had no doubt about the ass being stole, and from his saying that she lay down in the road, I conceived that he had had her some time.
When first did you know of its being stole?
Was this ass taken from you by any body?
The officers took them both together, I sent one of my boys with them.
Are you sure that they had the ass that you bought?
Yes.
Where did you get this ass you sold to this gentleman, Mr. Stone?
The prisoner came to me on Thursday morning, and knocked at the door, I live in Hare Walk, Hoxton; he came about seven o'clock, he brought the ass to me, and asked me if I would let him put it in my stable, for the value of a couple of hours; then he went away, and I went to market about my business; about two hours after that he came again and said, that he was very much distressed for money, and asked me if I could help him to a customer for it; I told him I believed I could. I took it to Mr. Stone's and asked a guinea for it; Mr. Stone said it was not worth above half a guinea, but twelve shillings was the most he would give for it; he gave me the twelve shillings, I took the money to the prisoner and he gave me eighteen pence.
Did you ask him how he came by it?
I did not ask him, he said it was his own property, he bought it on the road. I was coming by on Friday night at the officer's door, and I saw the officer Armstrong, and he told me he had been looking about for a whitish ass very heavy with sold, and string halt behind; and says he, if you can give me any intelligence of it I will give you a guinea; so with that I told him if I should happen to hear of any thing I should let you know. This was about ten o'clock, at his own door in Kingsland-road; I afterwards came back to him and resigned myself to him, and I went with the officer directly and took the prisoner. I went home to my wife first to know whether it was the same ass by the description, that Mr. Armstrong told me.
When did you return to Mr. Armstrong?
In about ten minutes, or hardly so much. I told him I had sold it, and was employed by the prisoner to sell it for twelve shillings, and he gave me eighteen pence, and he took me into custody.
Did you give evidence before the magistrate?
Yes.
Did you ever know the prisoner before this transaction?
Yes, I have seen him before about the country, but I did not know but it was his own property; I never had any dealings with him, I am sure of it.
I am the wife of the last witness, this ass was brought to my house about seven o'clock, Thursday morning, by the prisoner at the bar.
What is his business?
Bottoming of chairs, we have frequently seen him about the country bottoming the chairs, he brought the ass about seven o'clock in the morning, and asked my husband to let him put it in his stable.
Was it put into the stable?
Yes, I saw him led into the stable myself; we went to market and when I came back I found his wife and him standing at my door, he said he was very much distressed, and asked my husband if he could help him to a customer for it, he would satisfy him; my husband said, he did not know any body without it was Mr. Stone, they left my place together, and his wife stayed till they came back together, and when they came back, he paid
me five pence that I lent his wife to get some breakfast with, and he sent for half a pint of gin, and a pot of beer.
There was a written description left at the office of this ass, and I read it, and I and Harper and three more officers, went to Smithfield on Friday, and we saw nothing that appeared to us like the ass. On Friday night I saw Bull going by my door, I had some conversation with him.
What sort of a character does Bull bear?
I bottom chairs about the country, and I buy horse hair, and rags, and a few odds and ends, to get my bread by; and I met a man with this ass, and he asked me if I wanted one? and I told him I could not spare the money; he asked me twelve shillings for it, and I bought it for eight shillings and six-pence in the road. I have known this man, Mr. Bull, above these twenty years, and I went to him and told him I wanted to sell it, and he said he would go and sell it, and take the ass on his own hands, and nobody should know it was mine, and he had three shillings for felling of it.
How came Bull by it?
I carried it to Bull and asked him to put it in his stable, and he told me he could help me to a customer; and he told Mr. Stone it was his own property, and that nobody had any thing to do with it. I have not a friend in the world.
