I live at No. 15. Wilmot-square , Bethnal-green-road ; On the 2d of June, I went to bed about nine o'clock, I left my wife up; at about ten o'clock, the patrol knocked at the door, and said, the door was open, a lodger went down and fastened the door, and came to bed again, and the patrol, coming again the half hour, found the shutters down; we then all got up, and came down, and found the house was robbed, the lodger's name was Harris; I missed two coats of mine, they were lying on the chair before the fire in the parlour, two hats, only one of them mine, several children's frocks, and petticoats, a tea-chest that was taken from the table in the parlour, a pistol that was hanging over the mantlepiece in the parlour.
Did you ever see any of these things afterwards?
Yes; I saw the coat at the office in Worship-street.
A man of the name of Harris lodged with you, do you pay the rent yourself, or does he pay it jointly with you to the landlord?
Jointly with me.
Did Harris live in the house at this time?
Yes.
I went to bed about eleven o'clock, I shut the door about half past eight, the shutters had not been down in the course of the whole day, for I had been washing; when I got up, upon being alarmed, I missed two coats of my husband's, the next thing was a cotton gown of mine, a black silk cloak, a bonnet, six children's frocks, five children's petticoats, a white apron, a laced cap, two men's half neck handkerchiefs, two men's hats, two pistols, and one silk handkerchief, my husband's coat was wet, and I had hung it before the fire to dry, the other coat I was to have mended, but could not, because I was washing.
Did you ever see any thing of your things again?
Yes; the tea-chest.
On Thursday the 15th of June, I went, in company with Blackiter, to a room where the prisoner was in bed.
Did you examine your shutters and windows when you got up?
Yes; but I could see no violence.
I searched the room, and in a coat under the bed on the floor, were these two pistols, loaded and primed; I had the charge drawn.
Did he lodge by himself there?
There was a woman very heavy with child, drinking tea, he was in bed; on a chair by the side of the bed, I found these picklock keys, two crows, some files, a vice, and these cartidges, (produces them) ; I have had them ever since; he dressed himself readily, and behaved very well.
These are not the sort of pistols that men commit robberies with, they are generally smaller?
I have taken them with both sorts.
Do not you know that the room belonged to that woman, that he was only a lodger there?
I heard him say, that she was his servant.
Look at these pistols?
They are neither of them mine.
I was with Armstrong when the prisoner was apprehended; I found this coat rolled up, under the bed, with the pistols in it, (produces it) ; and we found these two crows, and the other things, and a tea-chest, (produces it) ; I have had the crows and the tea-chest ever since.
This is my coat, it is a coat I left my wife to mend.
This is the tea-chest I lost, I have the key in my pocket.
I am a patrol of Wilmot-square; going half past ten, I found Mr. Meredith's door open; I alarmed them, and the young man came down, and fastened it; when I came back again, I found the window open, I alarmed them, and they found the place stripped, that is all I know about it.
I live in the Dog-row, Bethnal-green : On the 10th of June, the street door lock was picked; I went out soon after six o'clock in the evening, and left nobody in the house; I locked the door, and carried the key in my pocket, when I came back I found the door as I left it; I went in, and missed my things, my wife knows most about them.
I was at work at Bethnal-green; I should not have been home that night, if I had not lost the property, my husband came and fetched me; I never sleep at home of a Saturday night.
I went and fetched my wife, and she went about amongst the pawnbrokers to see for the things.
Why did you suppose he went in by picking the lock?
There was no other way that he could get in.
When was it you found any of your things?
On the Saturday night, the 10th of June, we were robbed, and on the Thursday after, I was informed somebody was taken, and I went down to the office in Worship-street, and there I saw a neckcloth that had been cut in pieces, belonging to my husband, a cloth cap, one muslin cap, a very old handkerchief, I have got the fellow to it in my pocket, and one pair of stockings, that is all that I have found.
All you have discovered is a neckcloth, and cloth cap, not worth above two or three shillings altogether?
They are worth very little, only a new pair of stockings.
All put together are not worth four shillings?
No.
Mrs. Gibbons went with me to search the prisoner's lodgings; I had searched his lodgings before, but Mrs. Gibbons saying she had lost some caps, I went back with her to search again, and this handkerchief she said was her's that the gown and coat were tied up in; I found a muslin cap and a pair of stockings, she challenged them directly, and said they were her's, I have had them ever since.
This handkerchief I know to he mine, this new pair of stockings, there is no mark, but I know them by the shape of my husband's leg, I gave three shillings and three-pence for them, and he wore them but about three hours, the caps had my own mark upon them.
I tried this pick-lock-key with the prosecutor's door, and it locked, and unlocked the door.
This is the woman's apparel?
Yes.
The woman that this room belonged to has absconded?
No; she was before the Magistrate, and discharged.
I saw two men about my window, the prisoner was one; I live next door to the prosecutor; I was going to chastise my child, almost eleven years old, and the prisoner begged me not to be too harsh, this was on the 10th of June; I particularly looked at this man, I thought he seemed busy at my window; I work for a childbed linen warehouse, there were some caps laying about, and I put them in my pocket.
You did not see him take any thing?
No.
I saw two men walking about the door a considerable time.
Did you see them go up to Gibbon's house?
I saw one man go into the house in a blue coat, that was not the prisoner, the prisoner was left standing by the posts, they had been talking to my mother under the window.
Were the two men talking to your mother first?
Yes.
One of the men that went into the house, was one of the two that was talking with your mother at the same time that the prisoner was?
Yes.
Did you see that man come out again?
No.
You do not mean to say, that the other man spoke to your mother?
No.
You said, they were both speaking to your mother?
No; they were talking together, and the prisoner spoke to my mother, not the other man.
I saw three men come out of Gibbon's house on the 10th of June, about eight o'clock at night, as near as I can guess; I was standing at my own door, I really believe this gentleman is one of them, they had each a silk handkerchief tied up in bundles.
Look at him again?
I really believe he is the man, but he has changed his dress, the shortest man of the three shut the door after him.
You do not mean to swear he was one of the men?
No.
