I am an officer of the customs. (Puts in the commission).Mr. Shelton read the names of the commissioners and found them correspond.
I am an officer in the customs; I am employed by Messrs. Payne and Co. to transact their business; I delivered a number of debentures for them to Mr. Bonus.
Have you any responsibility to the commissioners?
No, none but personal responsibility.
The nature of the business you do for them is to pass their papers through the custom house?
I believe it was forty-four; I have seen their debentures in the hands of Mr. Mills, and I know this to be one of them; I cannot tell the\\ amountof the whole forty-four; but it was a considerable sum.
Have you known Bonus any time?
I should believe he had been about a year and a half clerk to Mr. Payne.
He had been the person always employed to transact this business?
Yes.
Do you recollect seeing the prisoner any time in June?
On the 2d of June he brought a large number of debentures to me to be examined and marked for payment.
Did you examine them?
I did, and marked them, and delivered them to the prisoner.
Did you make any observation at that time respecting them?
Not in particular.
Had they any receipt on them?
They had not.
Did he apply to you for payment of them?
No sir, the application was made to the treasurer.
Did you recommend to him to do any thing with them?
The person who brings them to me to be marked for payment of course carries them afterwards to the treasurer of the customs for payment; this is one of them that I marked.
I am in the treasury, in the custom house, where the debentures are paid; in the morning of the 2d of June forty-four were brought to me in my office, I believe by the prisoner; as soon as he had laid them down on the counter I told him to witness one of them, which is a form that we require, to witness the signature of the person, that is the receiver; then we compare the sums with a list which he gives us of the total sums; then I looked at the acquittance to see if that was regular; it so appeared; the name of the witness was rather saint, therefore I said your name, Sir, to which he spelt the letters Bonus; then I withdrew, and my brother clerk next to me came and took the order; I only wrote the name of Bonus; the course is to carry it to the teller; the\\ amountof the whole was 1062 l. 19 s. so far as I know to my knowledge, I believe it to be the prisoner.
But you do not say positively?
No.
Do you recollect whether you made any order on the teller for the payment of a debenture on the 2d of June last?
I did, in consequence of Mr. Mills having marked it; this is one of those that I made the order for; I am clerk under the receiver general.
You seeing what Mr. Mills had done, that was the foundation upon which you made the order?
I could make it no otherwise.
Was the debenture in the condition it is now when you made the order?
I cannot say that, I looked only at what Mr. Mills had done, and I examined it to see that the commissioners names were to it.
Had it the acquittance of the merchant?
Yes, it had.
You looked principally to Mills having done right?
No, I looked to several parts; I looked to the commissioners hands, and whether the indorsement corresponded to the commissioners order, seeing that I deemed it all right.
But do you pay upon it without an acquittance purporting to be the acquittance of the person receiving the draw-back?
You ask no questions about that, you look at the instrument, if the instrument appears to be regular you then make your order.
Do you take it to be perfect, or ever pay it unless there is an acquittance?
I always ask them to witness it.
Did you, at the time when these debentures were tendered to you for your order, enter into any conversation with the person that produced it?
No.
Was Mr. Smith's receipt upon it before you made the order yourself?
Certainly, the acquittance was upon it or else I should never make an order; I make the person who brings it witness it; I was certainly satisfied with it.
Have you a recollection whether you did or did not more particularly inspect this than the other forty-three?
I looked at them all to see whether they were properly indorsed by the merchant.
I am a teller in the office of the receiver general of the customs; I have a note on Mr. Collier for 1062 l. 19 s. on various debentures, I paid the\\ amountof it to the person that brought them; I do not recollect the person; it was the 2d of June, I cannot tell the time of the day.
In fact you actually paid it on that note being produced?
Yes.
So that any person coming into your office with such a volume of paper would be a sufficient warrant for you to pay the money.
Yes.
Nothing is produced to you but that paper?
Nothing at all.
I am acquainted with the writing of George Smith , Edward Payne , Rene Payne , and George Smith , I am acquainted with all their hands; it is not the hand writing of George Smith , it has very much the appearance of the prisoner's hand writing.
Do you see the witness's hand writing; whose writing is that?
John Bonus , the prisoner.
Do you know at what time the prisoner went away.
You are in the house of Messrs. Payne?
I am.
What time did the prisoner go away?
He was not there after the 30th of July; I did not see him till he was taken, that was in the New Prison; I believe it was about the beginning of September.
First, as to the hand writing of Mr. Smith, can you only say that it is not like the hand writing of Mr. Smith?
Yes.Bonus was in confidential service with Mr. Payne at this time. - He was his collecting clerk .
He had the care of many debentures before, and of course of that debenture?
He had.
He was not called upon to account particularly for this money?
It was always customary that that very day he should come down and make his receipts in our cask books; it is generally known the day he goes there for that purpose, there is no entry in the book; these debentures were in his custody, and he took them himself.
He was till the end of July in the constant habit of making his appearance?
Yes, there was no particular absence.
A large sum of money appears to have been paid on these debentures together; does not the house look out for it?
It is a custom to leave it to the settling clerk to get up these debentures, and he applies to Mr. Costin; it is Mr. Bonus's business to look out for the first day in which they might be paid.
Is it not likewise the custom of the partners to see when the day arrives to receive 1000 l?
No, Sir, the prisoner was the person; it was altogether intrusted to him to do.
From the commencement of June to the end of July was no enquiry made about these debentures?
That was entirely out of my department; I do not know that any application was made to me.
I was in the employ of Messrs. Payne and Co.
What was the business of the prisoner?
To attend and do the business at the custom house.
What was the course of the house with respect to the debentures after they had passed through Mr. Costin's hands?
To receive the money, the value of them; he most generally brought them to the house for one of the house to sign the acquittance.
Upon their being so brought did they find their way into any book of the house?
They were then entered in the cash book.
Then they were signed by one of the principals?
Yes.
Upon that the commissioners were credited in the cash book?
Yes.
Look at the cash book and see whether these forty-four were entered?
I have looked and there is no such entry.
Were they ever brought to account as having been paid?
No, never.
Not during the whole of the month?
No.
How soon in the common course did he make the commissioners creditors for the\\ amountof the debentures paid?
That very day, and though he continued a month this never came to account; I am acquainted with the hand writing of Mr. George Smith ; I have seen him write many time.
This is not his hand writing?
By no means.
Would you have paid a draft for 20 l. on that signature?
By no means, I am perfectly acquainted with the hand writing Bonus, and would say that name, George Smith , is Bonus's writing; the name John Bonus I should think is the prisoner's writing; I take the whole of the writing of the acquittance to be the prisoner's writing; to the best of my belief I think so; he was not seen in the house of trade after the latter end of July till he was apprehended, and that was in September.
Is it in your department to know when the money may be paid on debentures?
As soon as they are signed it is my chief look to see that they are paid; I know nothing of it till they are brought in for signature.
All I can ask you is, from the 2d of June up to the end of July, if you saw Mr. Bonus in his duty as usual in the house?
Yes.
I am well acquainted with the hand writing of George Smith , one of the partners in Mr. Edward Payne 's house; I am perfectly well acquainted with his hand writing.
Look at that name and say whether it is his hand writing
I am perfectly well acquainted with his hand writing; I do not believe it is his hand writing.
I was a clerk in the house of Mr. Payne and Co. I was well acquainted with the hand writing of Mr. George Smith ; I do not think this is his signature.
Do you know Bonus?
Was you acquainted with the character of his hand-writing?
I cannot say whose hand-writing it is, I have not any belief about it.
Whose hand-writing do you believe it to be?
Was this paper shewn me at any other time, I could not say positively, nor could I think whose hand-writing it was.
You have seen Bonus write as often as you have seen Mr. Smith write?
I have.
And cannot say whose hand-writing this is?
I may have supposition, but I cannot say.
I am well acquainted with the handwriting of Mr. George Smith , (looks at the leaf) this is not his hand-writing, to the best of my knowledge and belief.
I am not well acquainted with the handwriting of George Smyth , I am acquainted with Bonus's manner of writing.
Look at this instrument, whose handwriting do you believe that signature of George Smyth to be?
I have examined this with a book, and there is a strong similarity.
If you speak merely by having compared that with any other writing, I do not ask; if you speak by looking at it, you will say?
It is impossible.
I apprehended the prisoner at Dover.
My Lord, and gentlemen of the jury, under the unfortunate situation in which I now stand, and have been these two months, my mind is too much embarrassed, and my spirits too much depressed, to attempt to say any thing for myself; the honour, the justice, and humanity of this court I have always held in the greatest reverence; to that honour, and to that justice, and the humanity of the court, and on you, gentlemen of the jury, I rely very much, not only for myself, but for my wife and our aged parents; my counsel will call such witnesses as I have given, and the gentlemen of the jury will take it into consideration; I can say no more.
I live in Milk-street, Cheapside; I have known Mr. Bonus between 10 and 12 years, during which time he has always sustained a character unimpeached; I have been connected with him in the course of business, and always found him honest.
Do you know Mr. Bonus's hand writing
I have known it almost the whole of the ten years.
In your judgment is that name, George Smith , the hand writing of Mr. Bonus?
George Smith at the bottom here, it does not appear to me to be like the hand writing, I have seen him write.
Had you ever occasion to see him write the words George Smith ?
Never.
Will you look at the words John Bonus ; whose writing do you believe that to be?
I do not believe that to be Mr. Bonus's, from my knowledge of his writing; he used to sign John.
Do you think the word Bonus is not his writing?
I do not think that it is, I do not upon my word; it is not so fair a hand as he usually wrote; I never saw him write on parchment, or any of his writing on parchment.
I knew Mr. Bonus at school, and have known him all that time; I was in the habits of intimacy with him, and I always found his connections were extremely respectable, and himself always regarded; he bore the general character of an honest man; I have had frequent opportunities of seeing his hand writing lately.
Will you be so good to look at that and tell us whether, in your judgment, that is the hand writing of Mr. Bonus?
I do not believe it is, from his general method of signing his name, it was much smaller, and the letters more regular.
Not like what you have seen written on paper for honest purposes?
All his purposes were honest that I was concerned with him in.
Did he use to write the Christian name at length?
Yes, but here it is not at length.
