It is a correct copy, I examined it both ways.
I am a manufacturer, at Glasgow: On the 4th of July, 1796, I packed up one hundred and thirty-six pieces of muslin in one box, marked W. & W. No. 4. London; and, afterward, there were some other marks which I did not put upon it; I delivered the box to the waggoner, James Moslyn , it was Jackson and Potts's waggon, to be conveyed to London.
I drive Messrs. Jackson and Potts' waggon from Fairburn, in Yorkshire, to London; I had a box in the waggon marked W. W. 4. I saw it in the waggon myself, and I am sure the waggon had not been disturbed till it had got to Hatfield Wood-side, and there it was robbed; the ropes were cut, the canvas unskewered, and the box taken out; the box was in the very front of the waggon, of the outside; we always lay a night at Hatfield Wood-side; the guard's name is Banks that was with me; we discovered it coming down Barnet-hill, seven miles on this side of Hatfield; we missed it just as it was getting light, about three in the morning.
Have you seen the box since?
Yes.
This is the box that I packed up.
This is the box that I lost about eight the same morning; I found the box in an oat field, near the public-house where I had slept; the last time I saw the box was at Fairburn.
Before the box was lost, the last time you saw it was at Fairburn, in Yorkshire?
Yes.
Then you came to Hatfield, and stayed a night?
Yes.
How far had you got from Hatfield before you discovered any thing of the matter?
Coming down Barnet-hill, about three o'clock, or between three and four.
Then you had no particular view of this box after you left fairburn?
No.
What first happened, or when it happened to the waggon, you do not know?
I cannot say particularly.
When you first made the discovery, did you see any body near it?
No.
Therefore, whatever happened was long before you got to Barnet-hill?
Yes.
Who was in the waggon, or how it was lost, you do not know?
No.
Do you know whether the part of the hill, where you first discovered that something had been done, was in Middlesex or Hertfordshire?
It was in the hollow between Barnet and Whetstone.
But where the box was found was at Hatfield-wood-side?
Yes.
I am guard to the Newcastle waggon, I was with the waggon, I had not seen the box in the waggon at all; when we got to Hatfield-wood-side there was nothing amiss with the waggon, but going down Barnet-hill, I discovered something amiss at the off corner of the waggon; when we got to the hollow we stopped, and missed the box; I went on with the waggon to London, and the waggoner went back to Hatfield-wood-side.
I am agent to the prosecutors of this indictment.
What are their names?
John Jackson, James Jackson, and Robert Potts, they were the proprietors of the waggon.
Have they been called upon, in consequence of this loss, to pay for the property?
I, as their agent, have paid for it. I expected this box to come by the waggon, but it never came to hand.
In what way has the claim been made upon you?
They claimed it as a loss, and we paid it.
I will examine you very slowly, and give you full time to recollect yourself. - What public-house did you keep on the 7th of August?
The Swan and Pike.
That is in the county of Middlesex?
Yes.
Was Mary Elwich a servant of your's at that time?
She was.
Was Samuel Shones a servant of your's at that time?
He was.
Was your son, John Nixon, living with you at that time?
He was.
I believe you saw a person, at Hertford, of the nick-name of Gipsey Tom?
I did.
Did you know him before?
Yes.
Had you known him long before?
About three weeks.
Did you know a person of the name of Finch?
Yes.
Do you know another person of the name of Taylor?
I did.
Did you see Smith, or Finch, or Taylor, at your house?
I did.
When did they come to your house?
Between three and four in the morning.
On what day?
I cannot recollect the day of the month.
In what month was it?
It could not be in August.
How long before you were taken to Bow-street?
About three weeks, but I cannot say positively; it was some time before I was taken to Bow-street; they brought two sacks of muslins, one hundred and thirty-five or one hundred and thirty-six pieces, I cannot be exact which.
What became of those pieces of muslin?
They were at our house; they brought them in sacks, and took them up stairs; they said, they were afraid they were wet, and desired to have a room to open them in.
What became of those pieces of muslin?
Some went to Peterborough, and others went I know not where.
Look round, and tell me whether you know Mrs. Gibbons?
I do.
Have you ever seen her at your house?
Twice.
Did you ever see her at your house when Gipsey Tom and the other two men were there?
I did.
Both times, or only once?
Only once, I believe.
What time in the day did she come to your house, when Gipsey Tom, and Taylor and Finch were there?
It might be twelve or one o'clock; I saw her when she was there, but I did not see her come into the house.
Did she come alone?
No; two men came with her.
Do you know their names?
William Gibbons was one, and Henry Nash was the other.
Where did Mrs Gibbons live at that time?
In London, I believe.
Have you any doubt of it?
I have none whatever.
Was your son, Nixon, sent any where on that day?
He was.
By whom?
I believe, by Finch.
Are you sure it was by one of the three?
I cannot be sure, because I did not see him sent, it is only what I have been told; I know he went somewhere.
When Mrs. Gibbons came, did any thing pass between her and these three men?
That I cannot say, I was not in their company.
How did Mrs. Gibson find her way to your house?
By somebody driving a one-horse cart, or chaise; there were two men.
Where did it come to?
It stood in our yard.
What conversation passed between her and the two men, at this time?
I heard none.
Did you hear from her what business she came upon?
I did not; she never spoke one word to me, neither good nor bad.
What became of the muslins?
I cannot say; some, I tell you, went to Peterborough, and the others I know not where.
Where were the muslins, when Mrs. Gibbons came to your house?
I believe they were up stairs.
You know you have been examined at Bow-street?
Yes; I know it perfectly well, and at Hertford, and at Chelmsford.
When did Mrs. Gibbons go away?
In the afternoon sometime.
In whose company was she while she staid at your house?
The people that were there, were Finch and Taylor, and Smith, Gipsey Tom, and the people who came with her.
What were they talking about?
I do not know; I was not in their company at all.
After Mrs. Gibbons was gone, how many pieces of muslin were there left?
I cannot say, I did not see them counted after; I saw them counted in the morning.
After Mrs. Gibbons was gone, were there one hundred and thirty-six pieces, or less?
I cannot tell any further than what they told me, the boxes were gone to Peterborough.
Did you see the muslins after they were counted?
Yes.
Did you see Mrs. Gibbons go?
Yes.
How did she go away?
In the same conveyance.
Did she return at all after she first went away?
Yes; she went a little way, and returned back again in the same chaise.
Did it return empty or full?
I cannot say.
Did you see the cart?
I saw the cart.
How came she to return?
She was called by Gipsey Tom.
When she was called back by Gipsey Tom, what passed between her and Gipsey Tom, or any of the others?
I know not.
Where were you?
I was going a fishing with two gentlemen, with a cast net.
Did you hear none of the conversation that passed between her and Gipsey Tom, Finch and Taylor, or any of them, after she returned back?
I never heard one word till after she was gone, what they told me.
Did you see him go?
I do not know exactly, I cannot say that I did, or did not.
Did you see her go, or not?
I cannot say whether I did, or did not, exactly.
Did you see the cart when she went?
I really cannot say, I cannot charge my memory; it is pretty near eighteen months ago.
Do you believe you saw it go or not?
I believe I did.
How far were you off?
I might be one hundred yards.
Where were you?
By the river side.
Your house is by the river side?
Yes.
And your yard is by the river side?
Yes.
Were you not in the yard when she went away?
No; I was not.
Are you sure of that?
Yes; I have a perfect recollection of that.
Do you know whether any thing was taken away in the cart, or not?
I cannot say what was taken away.
Will you swear that you do not know whether any thing was taken away in the cart or not? - and before you answer, I tell you every word you say will be taken down in writing, and therefore be cautious and perfectly collected, before you give the answer. - Do you mean to say you did not see any thing taken away?
I will not say whether I did or not see any thing taken away; I believe there was something went away, but whether they only brought it and took it away from there, I do not know.
Did you see any thing taken away?
I saw the sack taken away, but I did not see any thing but the sack taken away.
How were the muslins brought to your house?
In sacks.
Was that sack full or empty?
It could not be empty, because there was muslin in it.
I mean the sack which was taken away with Mrs. Gibbons?
I do not know whether it was full or half full.
Then there was something in the sack?
No doubt of it.
This ought to shew you the carelessness to say nothing more of the manner in which you give your evidence; you swore, till the moment the gentleman told you the peril in which you stood, you swore most positively you did not see her go away; now you swear that you saw her go away, and saw the sack go away, neither full nor half full; I must beg of you to recollect, you know what I said to you at Hertford, and I did hope to have found you a very different sort of man now; it is really shocking?
I say nothing but the truth.
That is impossible; you were either perjured at Hertford, or you are perjured now; you know all that passed between you and me, when I tried that cause?
I cannot recollect; I have never been well since.
How many sacks did these men bring with them?
Two.
They brought, you say, two sacks with them?
They did.
One sack was taken away in Mrs. Gibbons's cart?
I do not know that the same sack was.
Did you see two sacks after Mrs. Gibbons went away?
I did not look for them; I did not see them at all, for I never went into the room after.
Upon your oath, do you not know what was in the sack?
Upon my oath, I never saw any thing put into it.
Now I caution you again - Upon your oath, do you know what was in that sack?
I do not know what was in the sack, not as to my own knowledge.
Upon your oath, have you never heard what was in that sack, in Mrs. Gibbons's presence and hearing?
Never in her hearing in my life.
Who went away with Mrs. Gibbons, when that sack was carried away?
Will Gibbons and Harry Nash the same persons who came with her.
Was any of your property taken away that day?
I do not know, there might, or might not.
Upon your oath, have you ever suspected from that hour to this, that any of your property was taken away in that sack?
I never did suspect there was any property of mine taken away.
Were there any other muslins in your house at the time?
There were three pieces of muslin that Finch left at my house that were not taken away.
Then they were not taken away in the sack?
No.
At that time, had you any other property in your house besides your own, and those brought by these people?
I cannot tell, I had lodgers up stairs, and I cannot tell what was in my house.
Have you ever had any complaint from those lodgers?
I never had
Now I ask you, what became of the muslin in your house, after Mrs. Gibbons went away?
I do not know; the muslin that went to Gipsey Tom, was sent by a man to Cheshunt-street.
Who picked up the muslin that went to Gipsey Tom?
I do not know; my son wrote the directions, and the man carried it in the cart.
Did you see the package?
I did not see them packed; I saw the boxes.
Be a little cautious, did you not lend one of these boxes that conveyed them?
My son lent one, and the girl the other.
You saw the pieces of muslin that were in your house, and the size of them - I ask you, would those boxes that were sent to Gipsey Tom hold half of the muslins in your house?
I do not think they would, they might hold half.
And of those muslins that were packed up, and sent to Gipsey Tom, how many remained in your house?
I never saw any more but these three pieces.
Then you only found, after Gipsey Tom had packed up his, and Mrs. Gibbons gone, these three pieces?
No; these three pieces were left for Finch's wife; I never saw any more.
Nor were any more than three pieces found in your house, when the officers searched it?
There were not
Can you tell us now where your son is?
I cannot.
You do not know where your son is?
I do not know any more than you do.
The thieves that have been convicted were at your house?
They were.
They did not bring a box into your house?
They did not.
They did not bring a chest?
No.
They had been there some time?
About three times before.
Then Bill Gibbons and Nash, with that unhappy woman, came to your house?
Yes.
Then I think it is as well taken, that she came with them as that they came with her?
I cannot say.
Which drove?
I cannot tell.
Then those people being in the house, held a conversation, but what their conversation was, or what about, you know not?
I know not, I was not in the room with them.
When your son left your house, did you see any letter that he was in possession of?
I did not.
Never?
Never.
Did you see the direction of a letter?
I did not, I cannot read.
You were servant to the last witness, Nixon?
Yes.
Look round, and tell us if you know the prisoner at the bar, Mrs. Gibbons?
To the best of my knowledge I have seen that lady at the Lock twice.
Do you recollect what month of the year it was?
I cannot say, it was in summer time.
Was she there alone?
She was in the parlour, we had more company.
Do you know a person of the name of Smith, otherwise Gipsey Tom?
I remember a gentleman being down there, with something the matter with one of his hands, I do not know his name.
Where there any other persons in the house that day besides Mrs. Gibbons in their company?
There were gentlemen in the house, but I do not know whether they belonged to this lady.
Were you present at the time when Mrs. Gibbons came there that day?
I did not see her, I was busy in the parlour.
Do you recollect, the night before you saw the prisoner at the bar there, any persons coming to your house?
I do not particularly recollect that.
You did not go up stairs, did you?
No, I did not.
Do you remember when Mrs. Gibbons went away?
No; I do not recollect any thing about it.
I am servant to Mr. Nixon; I used to attend the stables sometimes.
Do you know that lady?
I cannot say that I can make an affidavit of it.
You are the wife of Nixon that keeps the Swan and Pike?
Yes.
Look at that lady, do you know her?
I do not, to the best of my knowledge.
I do not mean to be personally acquainted, but did you never see her before?
I do not know that I have; I know there is a person of the name of Gibbons, but to the best of my knowledge I do not know whether that is the person or not.
What do you believe?
I believe in God.
Then as you do so, and call God to witness that you will speak the truth, see that you do so, do you believe you have ever seen her before?
I cannot say that I have, or that I have not.
Did you know Gipsey Tom, otherwise Smith?
Yes.
Did you know Taylor and Finch?
I might, I cannot say that I did by their names.
Do you recollect Smith coming to your house at any time?
He is a tall man, I do not know whether he is the man.
Was that the man that was convicted at Hertford?
Yes.
Did that Smith come to your husband at any time before he was taken to Bow-street, with any people?
I cannot tell the people by their names.
You have been talking of the man who was convicted at Hertford?
I do not know who that was.
Did any person come to your house about a fortnight before your husband was taken to Bow-street?
A great many.
Did any person come in the night?
Not to my knowledge.
Were there any sacks brought to your house?
No, never; I never saw them, I know nothing of any sacks.
Were there any muslins at your house at any time?
To my knowledge, I do not know any thing of it.
Were any muslins found in your house?
I cannot tell what they found, I did not deliver them any; I delivered my place up to them, I cannot tell, I was not capable of knowing what they found; I never attended them.
Now I ask you, did you know whether the officers at Bow-street found any pieces of muslin in your house?
I do not know.
That you swear positively?
I swear I do not know.
Did they search your house?
They did; my servant went with them, and I know not what they found.
Did you see what they took away?
No, I did not; I was incapable of seeing any thing when they went away.
Did any persons come to your house in the night, a short time before your husband was taken up?
I never saw any body in the night, I never did; I attended my house as long as it was open, and when I went to bed my house was shut up.
Did any persons apply for admission into your house, and call your husband or any of the family up, a short time before he was taken to Bow-street?
I never answered to it, nor never heard it.
Perhaps we are quarrelling about the word night, did any person call any of the family up early in the morning?
Sometimes the harvest people did, but I cannot say whether they did or not.
Did any three persons stay in your house any time?
I have no lodgers at all.
Did any three men come and stay any time before your husband was taken up?
I cannot say.
Did a Mr. Smith stay there?
Not to my knowledge; I cannot tell what I do not know.
Where is your son?
I cannot tell.
When did you see him last?
I cannot tell when I saw him last, it is some time back, but I know not the time.
How long ago, is it a week?
O dear me, a great deal more than that; I know not when.
Has he never been to your house since the officers were there?
No, he never has.
Nor shortly before?
No, he never has.
I am one of the officers of Bow-street; I apprehended Smith, otherwise Gipsey Tom, at Peterborough, in Lincolnshire; I searched his lodgings at Peterborough, and found a pair of large saddle bags, full of muslin; I brought him up to town, and the muslin, and the muslin was sworn to at Hertford; Carpmeal has got part of it, and part was delivered up.
I believe you some how or other was directed to the house of the woman at the bar?
I went the last time she was apprehended.
You searched her house?
Yes.
And found nothing there?
No.
Where was that house?
A lodging in Cork-street, Burlington-gardens, a back parlour.
Did you apprehend her?
Yes.
What name did you apprehend her by?
We were informed that she went by the name of Owen; I do not know that myself.
Do you know whether that was her residence or not then?
Yes, it was.
I am one of the officers of Bow-street: I searched Nixon's house upon the occasion of this robbery; I found three pieces of muslin.
Did you afterwards, in consequence of information from Nixon, apprehend Smith?
Yes, at Peterborough; we found forty-five pieces of muslin in a pair of saddle-bags, four of them are here.
Do you know Mrs. Esther Gibbons?
Yes.
Do you know where she lived at the time this information was given by Nixon?
In Little St. Martin's-lane.
Were you present when she was taken up?
No.
Was she a lodger in Little St. Martin's-lane?
No; she and her husband kept a house there.
I am one of the officers of Bow-street: I apprehended Mr. Gibbons at No. 19, Old Burlington-street.
How long have you had a warrant against her?
A long time; I have not been able to find her before.
You knew her house in St. Martin's lane?
Yes.
Did you search her house?
No.
I admit nothing has been found that she is said to have taken away.
I live at No. 19, Old Burlington-street.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes; I know her person, she had two back parlours at my house; she came to me about the 24th of June, by the name of Owen.
Was her husband with her?
I believe he used to come backwards and forwards; I should know him if I were to see him.
She lived at your house in the name of Owen till she was taken up?
Yes.
Look at these muslins found in Nixon's house?
Yes; they are part of the muslins that I packed up to send to London, they have my pencil mark upon them.
Look at those which are part of the bundle found upon Gipsey Tom?
They have my mark; they are part of the goods that I sent by the waggon.
