I am a salesman , in Newgate-market : I lost two quarters of veal last Saturday out of my shop, in the market, between seven and eight in the morning; in consequence of some information that I had received, my man found the veal in his shop, at Westminster.
I am servant to Mr. Gordon; I was in the shop when the veal was stolen, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning; I was ordered to search the prisoner's cart, which I was informed was in Paternoster-row; I was going down the paved alley that leads into Paternoster-row, and met the prisoner; he said, do you want me? or words to that effect; I said, yes, for he had got a wrong side of veal in his cart; sometimes the porters take a wrong side of veal; oh, says he, I bought a side of veal and paid for it, I will go and settle with your master about that; I went back, he went to my master, and said, Mr. Gordon, I bought a side of veal of you, and paid for it; yes, says he, you did, and he looked into the book, and said it was right; some suspicions being entertained afterwards, I was sent to Westminster, and I got there, I believe, about a quarter after eleven, or thereabouts; I went into the shop, and the lad was cutting the meat in the shop; I asked if his master was at home, he said, no; I looked round the shop, and discovered a hindquarter of veal, I knew it to be Mr. Gordon's veal, by the quality, and the likeness to the fellow that was left behind, I had moved it backwards and forwards several times in the course of the morning; I thought I had no right to take it without an officer; I sent for an officer, and told him, I could swear to it; it was taken back to Newgate-market, the prisoner was taken up for another offence.
I am servant to Mr. Gordon: Last Saturday morning, Mr. Phillips bought a calf of my master, and it was hung up to be weighed inside the door; the prisoner had just before bought a side of veal and paid for it, and took it away; Mr. Phillips came just after, and when we came to weigh it, there was a side of Mr. Phillips's calf gone; when we brought it from Westminster, we took it to Guildhall, and it was identified there, it was so cut up, that there was more bone on one side than the other, I am sure it is the same.
I bought a calf of Mr. Gordon, about a quarter past seven o'clock; I went home to fetch the money to pay for it, when I came back, a side was missing; I had the other two quarters weighed, and paid for them, and took them home; sometime after, they told me, a quarter was taken to Guildhall, and I must go to identify it; I went, and found it was the same that had been lost in the morning; I am pretty sure it was a part of my calf, it was cut cross-quartered, and was a remarkably fat cow calf.
I had charge of the prisoner and the meat, I took it to Guildhall.
The veal that was at Guildhall was the veal that I had lost.
You say, you knew it by the quality, had you no other veal of the same quality?
Yes; I had some that was better.
Did you know the weight of it?
Yes, when I looked in the book.
Had you handled it?
Yes, before I sold it.
Did you know the weight of it then?
No, I did not.
Nor you did not butcher it?
No.
And you had other calves perhaps butchered in the same way?
Yes.
When was it that you weighed it?
About nine o'clock.
Was that before any part was missing?
No, afterwards.
How do you know the weight of that that was stolen?
The two quarters that were left, weighed eight stone and one pound, and what was brought back, weighed four stone.
I went to buy a side of veal of Mr. Gordon; Mr. Gordon has had twenty sheep in a week to sell for me by commission; I bought this side of veal of Mr. Gordon, and told him, he must give me credit for it till Monday.
Did you sell him more than one side?
No, he cheapened but one.
Which side of the calf was it he bought of you?
I cannot take upon me to say.
And yet you can take upon you to swear, that that was the identical veal?
Yes.
I have known the prisoner four years: Last Saturday morning, I happened to be in Newgate-market, and the prisoner and I had a pint of ale together, at the Bell; I observed him talking to a gentleman in the shop, and saw him buy some veal, and pay some money.
Were there two lots of veal or one?
I believe there were two.
Was it Mr. Gordon?
I don't know who it was.
Your business did not lead you to look at what was going on?
No.
Nor you don't know any thing about the weight?
No.
