I am a master bricklayer . Last Thursday morning week, I missed my cart from my door; I went to all the turnpikes, to see if I could hear which turnpike it went through; I missed it from before my door, Chapel street, Paddington, in Mary-le-bone parish . I missed it as soon as I got up. About half past six in the evening, one John Downing came from Brentford, and informed me the cart was there, and told me, if I would go with him to Brentford, he would shew me where the cart was, and likewise the man who brought it down. I went there, and found the cart at the Castle, in Castle-yard, at Brentford; I had taken the prisoner within half a dozen yards of the cart.
Were there any horses in the cart?
Not when I found it; I took the prisoner and put him into Brentford cage; I never saw the prisoner before to my knowledge.
Is there any number on your cart?
Yes, the number board is here broke all to pieces.
When you lost it, was the number board on?
Yes.
When you found it was there any remains of the number board?
No, the number board was taken away.
If the number board was taken away how did you know it to be your cart?
By particular marks in the cart, the cart is made of each side with a whole board, not joined in two boards as many carts are, likewise the tail board is of one whole board, I know it by the copses which goes across from shaft to waft which goes over the horse.
How long had you had this cart?
About a year and a half or two years.
Was it a painted cart?
The wheels were painted red, I have no doubt but it is my own.
I live along with a gentleman at Brentford, a servant, the prisoner was absent from Tuesday to Thursday, he is a horse keeper , looks after the stage horses for the Brentford coach.
I hired him in my room to do my work while I was gone a couple of days.
What sort of business do you do?
The gentleman that I am with, he is rather out of his mind, only fit to be with women, and I was hired to be with him of a night. The prisoner asked me to look after his work; I got out of bed on Thursday morning and I saw a horse tied to a coach wheel, the prisoner called me, and I asked what it was tied there for? the prisoner said have you got the key? yes, says I, come on, says he, and set the horses a feeding, says I, what horse is that? says he it is a horse that came down with me; I was doing his business for him while he was absent, he got me to do it without asking his master leave.
What time did he come home that morning?
I went into the yard about a quarter after five as near as I can tell; the horse was tied to the wheel of the coach of one of the Brentford stages; after that I had set the horses feeding he said that he had got a cart up the yard and he would be glad if I would take the number board off.
Did he say the horse belonged to that cart?
He said, the horse came down with him, and I went and looked at the number, and did not like to take it off, and told him I could not take it off; says he, it must be taken off; then he goes and takes it off, and asked me to hold the candle, and I went.
Who took it off?
He did, and after that, he went and concealed it in the dunghill; he then wanted me to conceal it away to be burnt, and I put it down and trod on it, and broke it, and takes it away to a public house, and put it together again, and saw it was the gentleman's board, where it belonged. I have got it here.
What colour was the board?
Black.
Did you shew the board to the prosecutor any time afterwards?
Yes, I brought it him, and shewed it him; I found Mr. Terry at a public house, just by his own house, at about seven o'clock in the evening, by enquiring all over Pancras.
You found it at Brentford?
I did.
You broke it at Brentford?
I did.
How did you find your way to Chapel-street, Mary-le-bone?
By the direction on the board. I did not carry the wood with me, I carried him a bit of a note; he went with me to Brentford the same night.
Did he know it?
He did.
Pray, when the prisoner came home that morning, was he drunk or sober?
He was not drunk, nor yet sober; he is not a drunken man.
Did you know the number?
It is forty-seven thousand some odd number, but I cannot speak positively; I have got it at home in some paper.
I had a wife come down to see me with two children. My master was gone out, and I asked my mistress to go out with them; I went out with them on Tuesday. On Wednesday morning there was a man called me up about half after four, who brought the horse and cart into the yard, and hallooed out postilion; I went to him, says he, my horse is knocked up, says he, give him a feed of corn, and take the cart in; and he desired that I would send them up to the Three Kings, Piccadilly, as soon as I had given him the feed of corn; he desired also to have the cart, and send the horse up by the side of one of the chaises, and he would call for the cart in the course of a day or two.
I missed this cart Thursday morning, and I found it concealed in his yard, on Thursday night.
You said, you lost it from your door; did you leave it at your door?
There is a piece of ground opposite that, I have the liberty of putting it in. I saw it about five o'clock the over-night; I saw the man take the horses out.
