I live in New Compton-street , the prisoner came to lodge with me in June, she had lodged a week and two days with me when she robbed me: I went out at six o'clock in the morning to a day's washing, on the 21st of June, I left her in bed; I did not come home till eleven o'clock, I knocked at my door for twenty minutes, it was locked, and I was obligated to have it broke open; I never saw her again till the next night, she came home in a coach quite intoxicated with liquor; when I went in, upon breaking the door open, I found my drawer broke open, I had left it locked, and the things mentioned in the indictment were gone, (repeating them) ; I found my gown at a pawnbroker's last Monday, and that is all I ever found; there was nobody else left in the house but the prisoner.
I am servant to Mr. Drury, pawnbroker, in St. Marrin's lane; A person brought a gown to pledge on the 21st of June, in the name of Cole, about two o'clock in the afternoon, it was a person very much resembling the prisoner, but I cannot swear it was her.
How long was she in the shop?
It might be two or three minutes; I had never seen her before, and it is impossible, so many people as I see in a day, to recollect a person I had never seen before.
This is my gown that I left in the drawer when I went out on the 21st of June.
Had you given her any authority to pawn it for you?
No.
I took the room up one pair of stairs, at Mrs. Cole's, and on the 27th of June, I found this duplicate on the tester of the bed.
This woman came back, you say, intoxicated?
Yes, on the Thursday night; and she was then taken to the watch house.
Was she in the room up one pair of stairs that night?
No; she never went up stairs.
Did she lodge, while she was with you, in that room?
Yes.
Is that the duplicate you gave her for the gown?
It is.
Mrs. Cole was at work at my aunt's, on the 24th of June, from half past six till about half past ten at night, that is all I have to say.
Mrs. Cole desired me to pledge this gown for her for half-a-guinea; she said, her landlord had threatened to seize her drawers for rent; I did not go till between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; I told Mr. Drury it was for a woman to pay her rent; I told him my own name as well as her's; he would not lend me but eight shillings upon it.
You hear what she says, did you ask her to pledge it?
My landlord never asked me for a farthing; nor I never asked her to pledge any thing in my life, so help me God.
