I know the prisoner at the bar, I saw him at the bar in February session 1790; he received sentence to be transported; I am positive it is the same man. Afterwards he received a pardon, on condition of transporting himself; he was discharged the 27th of January 1791, having a month's liberty to go abroad.
I received information on Friday, the 31st of January last, that the prisoner was not abroad, but that he was in a public house drinking, and Jealous and I went and apprehended him. I found him at a public house facing the King's Mews, last January, this present year.
Where is this public house?
Facing the King's Mews, the Black Horse alehouse.
Did you take him into custody?
Jealous and I took him into custody; I looked in his face when I first saw him, and asked him his name; he gave a false name at first; he said his name was James, I knew enough of him to know his name was not James.
You took him in this place, that is Middlesex?
It is.
Was you present when he was tried?
No, I was not.
I was with Townsend; he was apprehended in this public house; at the back parlour.
My Lord and gentlemen of the jury; on or about the 23d or 24th of January last, I was at Dunkirk, and on account of the troublesome times there, me and two more Englishmen got into an open boat, and got off from Dunkirk, to see if we could get on board a ship going to America, or any other part; we got clear of the Roads, and with our night glasses we saw a vessel, and she appeared to be a smuggling vessel, going to Dover, she came up to us, and they took us up, and brought us to Dover; I made application there for any ship going to the Indies, but I could not procure any thing at Dover, I came up the next day, I applied at Lloyd's coffee house, and I could not find any thing there. At this time there is no such thing as an Englishman's living in Dunkirk, unless he will take up arms against the English nation; knowing the circumstances I laid under, in having received the humane mercy, I had received of my Sovereign, I never could dare to take up arms against my nation and my Sovereign; but they said that the English had forced the French in their towns that they took to take up arms against the French nation, therefore the English that lived in their towns against Flanders, should also take up arms to do the same; and if I had taken up arms, I should have deemed myself a rebel. As soon as Valenciennes was taken, there were three Englishmen were taken in the midst of the French, and were executed directly; there is another person who obtained a pardon with me, and at this time he takes a part in Dunkirk against the English. I have no witness, because I did not like to make my cafe known to the tradesmen that came over with me. I have further to say, that particularly after the attempt at Dunkirk they have been more sharp on the English than they were before.
