I am a married woman, my husband's name is Jeremiah Connolly .
Did you let a lodging to the prisoner at any time?
Yes, on Christmas Eve she came to lodge with me.
What was she to pay you for your lodgings?
Half a crown a week.
Where is your house?
In Steward's-rents, Drury-lane .
After she had taken the lodging did you miss any property?
Yes, she left them on Wednesday, and on Thursday I missed the goods, I went and found the door open.
How long did she stay there?
About a month.
When did you first miss your things?
She went away last Wednesday was three weeks.
When she went away did she give up the key?
No, she did not.
After that time, when you found she had left the room, did you miss the articles in the indictment?
Yes, I did, the very day after she left the room.
Have you ever seen any of the things since?
Yes, she gave the duplicate up when I took her to the justice; I found her in Rathbone-place, in a public house, on the Saturday after, she left me on the Wednesday, three days before.
How many duplicates did she give you up?
Five I think it was, she lost one of the duplicates.
Did she say she lost one of the duplicates?
Yes, and the man owned to the goods.
Had you at this time told her it would be better for her to give you the things?
Yes, I told her so, and she said she could not.
Did the pawnbroker produce the goods?
Yes.
I produce a flat iron.
When was this pawned?
The 26th of January, I don't know it was the prisoner pawned it.
That is my iron, I know it by the mark, there is no letter on it, but I know it is my iron.
How long had you had it?
Half a year.
These things that were pledged, were not pledged by me, though not without my knowledge; there was a week's rent due, and I told her I was only going away for a couple of days, and meant to go back, and take the things back again. On the Saturday following she took me in Rathbone-place; she knocked me about the street, telling every body I had robbed her; when she took me to Bow-street, she said, if I would pay her a fortnight's rent, she would do nothing with me. On the Thursday following Mr. Connolly said, if I would release the things and pay the rent for the time I was absent, he would not prosecute me; I could not do it, I sent to my sister to do it, and she was willing to release the things, but not to pay the rent.
