Does your husband live at home with you?
No, he is at Garrison,
abroad, just by France, I am only a lodger.
But you have the care of the lodgings in his absence?
Yes, my husband is an invalid.
Did you lose any of your property after you let the lodgings to him?
Yes, one pair of linen sheets, and a tea spoon.
Were these linen sheets and tea spoons let as part of the furniture?
Yes.
When you let him these lodgings, was it part of the bargain, that you was to find him in tea spoons?
I was to find him in every thing for his use, that was wanting, and necessary; he was only one week in the lodgings, before he went away, I suspected he had taken some things out of the room, and I employed a constable to come and take him up; and I looked and found the things were missing, and he was taken before a magistrate, and committed, the spoon was at one pawnbroker's, and the sheets at another, they are both here.
I am a constable of the parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster, the prosecutor lives in Westminster, in Great Peter-street, in the parish of St. John's, the Evangelist. On the 20th of January last I was sent for to take up this man, for robbing his lodgings, and I took up the man.
Was that the day the robbery was committed?
I believe not, it appears by the duplicate found on him, to be the 16th of January, I found four duplicates on him, and two led to the discovery of the sheets and tea spoon, I have the four duplicates, I found also a letter directed to a woman, nothing material to this business.
I am a pawnbroker, I produce a tea spoon, a person pledged it in the name of William Hill, I think it was the prisoner, to the best of my recollection. I never saw him before; I lent one shilling on it, it was pawned the 15th of January.
Shew him one of those duplicates?
This is mine.
I am a servant to Mr. Watson, Parliament-street; I produce a pair of sheets, pawned on the 16th of January, on a Thursday, pawned by a woman, in the name of Elizabeth Gardiner, she had seven shillings on it.
Shew him the duplicate?
This is my duplicate.
To whom was the letter directed?
To one Trimmer.
The things are mine, there is my own name, and my husband's on them.
Have you any other marks besides your name on it?
No, that is the same spoon that I missed, there is no mark on the sheets, but I have another pair at home like them, they are my own work.
I never denied pledging the articles, but far from a felonious intent; I had a chest of tools coming out of the country, and I should have redeemed them as soon as my circumstances would admit, and while I remained in the place I did not know that there was any harm in so doing, I had no intent of felony, far from it, because if I had, I had an opportunity of taking away other things in the place; I pledged them for as little as I could help, because I meant to redeem them again
as soon as my circumstances would permit.
