I know the prisoner to be the same person who was conducted before the magistrate, because he picked my pocket.
What do you know of your pocket being picked, of your own knowledge?
I went out of my house to see St. James's Park , on Thursday, the 10th of February, about four o'clock, in company with two other persons, one of which was a foreigner; on my entrance, I saw one of his Majesty's carriages; it was said the King was coming; we then proceeded into the Court-yard, where the King's coach was; we were impeded in the passage by a throng of people, who, like our selves, were desirous of seeing the king; as there was a croud, the centinels repelled them; that made me imagine there were thieves present; and I turned on the right hand to advise my brother to take care of thieves; at this instant of time I felt something in my pocket; my eyes saw a hand coming out of my pocket; when I saw it, the hand was still in the pocket, when I seized with my left hand, a right hand in my pocket; I only saw guineas in his hand; the prisoner finding himself seized, wished to escape; I cried out, stop! stop! thief! thief! in the first instance I cried out in French; perceiving my outcry in French did not produce its due effect; I then made use of the English language, and called out pickpocket; my fears, lest he should escape, caused me to seize him by the collar; and my brother came from the spot a few minutes after, and joined me in seizing the prisoner by the collar; and the prisoner threw out of his hand against a wall, money he had in his hand; I endeavoured to come and pick up the money which was thrown beyond the curb; and many others helped me; and a child returned part, and two other persons also; I then searched my pockets to see what was missing: and I observed about ten guineas might be missing; but before the magistrate, I missed eight or nine out of twenty, and some small money.
Was it not a very considerable croud?
It might be composed of forty persons.
And the press to see his majesty was almost instantaneous?
Yes.
Was not the person you saw at the magistrate's, an utter stranger to you before you saw him in the Park?
I never saw him before.
This transaction occupied but the very small space of a very few minutes?
It might take up eight or ten minutes.
What was done with the prisoner after you seized him by the collar?
I delivered him into the custody of my brother; and my brother, myself, and Mr. Brookes, conducted him there; I did not lose sight of him.
On Thursday, in the afternoon, I went out in company with the prosecutor and his brother, from the Castle Inn, in Wood-street; it was at four; we went into St. James's Park to see the King; we went into one of the avenues that leads into the middle court; there were a vast many people; and we pressed in amongst them; the prosecutor was a little before me; and just as we got into the middle of the croud, I heard him call out in French that he was robbed; and he called out in English, pick-pocket! upon which I immediately turned round, and saw the prosecutor and his brother collaring the prisoner at the bar; I asked the prosecutor if he was certain it was the prisoner that robbed him? he answered he was very positive he was the man; the prisoner must have heard him; but he spoke in French; upon which I immediately collared the prisoner; I never let him go till I got into Bow-street; and he was committed; I did not observe the prisoner do any thing whilst I was collaring him; I heard money roll on the pavement; I saw none picked up nor delivered to him.
You understand French very well?
Not very well.
I am in the wine and brandy trade, in Bishopsgate-street. I was in the passage leading to the Court-yard, last Thursday evening, near half past four; and just before the Duke of Gloucester came to his carriage, I felt a violent motion in the passage; I thought the motion was a made one, and suspected pick-pockets; and immediately the prosecutor bawled out, and gave me to understand he was robbed; and I collared the prisoner; and then he looked on the ground for some of his property; and the prisoner made a struggle to get away from the brother, and fell against me; and some of the money, gold and silver, fell on my foot; I saw both gold and silver, but could not say the quantity; it appeared to me to fall from the prisoner; but I cannot say positively, for I did not see it fall from his hand; the prisoner was close to me; I stood near to him; he was telling the person who had hold of him, that it was not him; he came right against me; and I imagine it was the shock he received by that fall, threw the money out of his hand.
Was there any person so near as the prisoner?
None; but there was another person that seemed to be interested in the affair, with him; which I suppose by his being so anxious to get up to him; he seemed as if he would rescue him; he pushed with his elbows, and got through a great many people, and got quite up to him.
I take it for granted, upon the outcry, that many persons pressed to see who was the offender?
Many persons could not press.
How big is the passage?
I think I have had the pleasure of seeing you in the Palace-yard.
I fancy you are mistaken; I am more acquainted with the geography of courts of justice, than with palaces. This person did not attempt any thing like a rescue?
No, he did not; the money fell before.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street. I searched the prisoner; there I found five guineas and a half, and some silver.
You found it in his fob pocket, under his watch.
Did not I mention to you what money I had about me?
I think there was something like that mentioned.
My Lord, I am not well; but I have wrote out my defence, if you will permit me to have it read.
Let me look at it.
