I am servant to Mr. Holmes, linen draper , in Whitechapel : On the 5th of October, about twelve o'clock, the prisoner came in and said, she wished to look at some muslin; I got her down a wrapper of muslin, and she purchased a small quantity of yard and-half-wide; she then enquired to look at some ell-wide, I went to get her down a wrapper of ell-wide muslin; she also purchased a small quantity of that; I reckoned what they came to, and gave her change for a guinea, and she went away; I immediately missed the muslin, and knowing nobody had been in the shop besides me and her, I concluded she had taken it, and I immediately went and called her back; she had got about six doors; I told her I had missed a piece of muslin, and I believed she must have it; she said, she had not, and if I would suffer her to go into the back-parlour, she would submit to be searched; I rung a bell for somebody to come down, and went out to fetch an officer, and left her backwards; upon my return I found they had got the muslin, it was in one Mrs. Deacon's hands, who came down stairs by the ringing of the bell; I counted the number of yards, I think there were eight yards of it, I cannot be quite certain.
Where was this muslin when she first came in?
At the other end of the shop; and I brought it to this end of the shop, and laid it on the counter close to her.
There were other quantities of muslin upon the counter?
There were two or three pieces; I cannot possibly say how many.
I am an officer, (produces the muslin) this young man fetched me from the office to Mr. Holmes's, and when I got there they delivered the prisoner to me, and the muslin.
Do you know that to be your master's muslin?
This is the muslin I missed from the wrapper; it has our private mark upon it in two places.
You are the shopman of the prosecutor?
Yes.
What time of the day was it?
About twelve o'clock.
Had she ever been at your shop before?
Yes.
She lived in the neighbourhood?
Yes; very near.
You had known her before?
Yes; by coming to the shop.
Did you pursue her shortly after she left the shop?
Immediately after.
You had told her in the street that you had missed a piece of muslin?
No; I tapped her upon the shoulder, and she came back directly to the shop, and then I told her so.
She made no resistance?
No.
You searched her, I believe, before the ladies came?
No; the ladies searched her; I did not search her at all.
How many servants do you keep in your shop?
Only me and another gentleman.
He is not here?
No; he was gone out to take orders for a suit of mourning.
Who served these articles?
Myself; there was nobody else there but myself.
Did not either of these ladies above stairs, come down?
No; not till the bell rung after I brought her back.
You sold her a small quantity of muslin?
Yes.
Did you make any observation upon her at the time she had this muslin?
No, I did not.
Had you any suspicion that she had taken any?
I had rather a suspicion.
Who is the proprietor of this house?
Mr. Deacon.
Is this shop kept by Mr. Deacon?
No; Mr. Holmes has it in trust.
I came down stairs upon hearing the bell ring; I went into the back-parlour; I was searching her, and did not find it; but I saw some muslin lying behind her at her heels.
Should you know the muslin again?
I am not accustomed to serve in the shop, so that I do not know the muslin.
Did you observe whether there was any muslin in the back-parlour before you and she went in?
I did not observe; I did not see any.
Gentlemen of the Jury, there is no other witness upon the indictment, and this being a capital offence you ought to be strict in the evidence; there appears to me no evidence to leave to you in this case, for here is nobody to prove that this is the same muslin that was found by Mrs. Deacon; even supposing the prisoner to have dropped it, yet still Mrs. Deacon cannot swear to this muslin; therefore it seems to me you must acquit her.
