I am a drover , I live at Seven-oaks, in Kent: On Monday, the 3d of September, I had my pocket picked, just at the corner of Newgate-street , at very near three o'clock, just before the Lord-Mayor's coach came up to proclaim Bartholomew-fair; my brother, and a young man that were with me, got up behind a hackney-coach; there was a great crowd of people; the coachman told us to get off, or we should have our pockets picked; as soon as we were down, I heard a voice call out, \"butcher, take care of your pockets;\" as I sat on the back of the coach, I had my right hand on my thigh, I had not lost any thing then, and from that time, to the time I lost it, was not more than four minutes; a constable came up to me, and desired me to search my pockets; I had got down from the coach, and I was pressed so against the handle behind the coach by the crowd, that I could not move; when the constable came up, I searched, and missed my bag.
What coloured bag was it?
It was yellow when it was new; it contained half-a-guinea, a seven shilling piece, and a French half-crown; I never saw it afterwards.
You have never seen the bag since?
No.
Nor the money?
No.
You would not swear to this money?
No.
Nor you would not swear to the French half-crown?
No.
How many times have you been before the Grand Jury this Sessions?
Twice.
Was not the first bill against the prisoner upon the same facts, and was it not thrown out?
It was.
And yet, after the Grand Jury had thrown out the first bill upon the very same charge, you went before the Grand Jury again?
Yes.
The first charge was for privately stealing, and it turned out that there was a person saw it, and he preferred another bill.
Who told you to go again to the Grand Jury?
The Solicitor, I believe, or Sansum, or some other person.
Upon your oath, did not the constable advise you?
Yes, and the Solicitor.
What, the Soicitor for the City of London?
Yes.
Then your other bill was found
Yes.
Did any body else give you any advice upon the subject?
We had nobody else with us to give us any advice.
You never saw any body else on the subject?
I saw a great many people, but not to advise with them.
What was the original charge?
I object to that, because it is upon record.
Then I will produce the record.
So this man has twice been called upon, and the Grand Jury have thrown out the first bill?
Yes.
I am one of the constables of the City of London.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes, I know him well.
Did you know him before the 3d of September?
Yes, in the pick-pocket way.
How long have you known his person?
Three or four years.
Did you see him on that day?
Yes.
Did you see Cork, the prosecutor, on that day?
I did, about one o'clock, as near as I can tell; it was at the time that the late Lord-Mayor was going to proclaim Bartholomew-fair; when I saw him first, he was standing behind a coach, I believe a hackney-coach; I saw the prisoner in company with several more.
Do you know the names of any of them?
Yes, Taylor, Anderson, and himself, were all three together.
Did you at any time see him near Cork?
I did; I saw a man who I knew to be a pickpocket, tell the coachman there was a whole lot of people behind; the coachman then desired them to get down; then Anderson went right before Cork, and the prisoner at the bar went between Cork and another man, a countryman; just at that time the state coach went by, and for a minute or two I lost sight of him; then I went on the same side of the way that they were on, when the coach was gone by; then I stood along-side the horses of another coach, next to that coach where Cork stood; the horses heads were to the hind wheels of the other coach; the prosecutor's arm was upon the handle behind the coach; he was very much pressed, though he need not have been pressed, he was pressed sideways; I saw Coleman shoving him in that way, keeping him down, so as to keep him in that posture, bending upon his elbows; I then saw Taylor stoop down; I called out, \"butcher, take care of your pockets;\" the prosecutor had a blue apron on, like a butcher; I then stooped down, and looked underneath the horse bellies that I was standing along-side; I saw Taylor draw his hand from Cork's right-hand pocket, and give a canvas bag into Coleman's hand; it looked like a dirty canvas bag; then they both ran away one way, and Anderson went another way; there were so many coaches going by, I could not immediately, but as soon as I could, I went to the prosecutor, I told him what I had seen, and who they were.
You did not apprehend them immediately?
No, I did not.
I believe Coleman was not taken till November last?
No.
He was brought up from Hull, I believe?
Yes.
Who delivered him into your custody?
Townsend and Sayer, officers of Bow-street.
As you knew Colman's person before, are you sure he is the person that received this dirty canvas bag from Taylor?
Yes, I am positive of it.
How did Coleman appear to be dressed?
He had on a mixed coat, like the coat he has on now, but it had not a black velvet collar to it.
You have been before the Grand Jury twice this Sessions upon this same business?
Yes.
First the Grand Jury threw out the bill, and the last time they found it?
Yes.
At what distance might you be from them when you say you saw this canvas bag?
About two yards, just the length of two horses; I was under the horses bellies of the coach that stood alongside, and the prisoner was behind the other coach, and the two coaches stood different ways.
Being under the horses bellies, you must have stooped?
Yes, and so was Taylor upon his knees; I made it my business to look.
Was Anderson apprehended?
Yes, I apprehended him within five minutes afterwards, and he was discharged by order of Mr. Alderman Staines.
Before he was discharged, had you any conversation with him?
I never had; I ordered him to be locked up after he had beat me.
You drank with him?
Yes, I had a glass of gin with him.
Did you ever see the colour of his money?
I have seen the colour of his fathers's money.
Did you receive any money from his father?
Yes; when I took Anderson, he having beat me, as there was not susfficient evidence upon this charge, I told the Alderman he had assaulted me in my duty, and I did not mean to let him go, I should charge him with an assault; upon that his father went with me to a public-house, and offered a guinea between Backrow and I, for he had assaulted him too, and kicked his shins; I went back to the Alderman, and told him of the proposal, and he said, if I chose to settle it in that way, I might, and I received a guinea.
Anderson was sent to sea, I believe?
Yes, I could not swear particularly against him.
You say you have known Coleman two or three years?
I cannot say whether he has been home from Botany Bay so long; I have seen him in Fleet-street and Newgate-street, among a gang of thieves, and turned him out of different mobs many times.
Do you know a man of the name of Hastings?
Yes.
And you know Backrow, he is a brother constable of your's?
No, he is not.
He has been a constable of the City?
Yes, till he was broke.
And you are a City constable?
Yes.
Now, if I should call a dozen people, who know Coleman as well as you, to say, that, upon your calling for assistance, Coleman was not there, what should you think of that?
They will false swear themselves.
Was it by your advice that a hand-bill was published?
Not by my request, I do not know that I ever mentioned it.
Upon your oath, did you not say to the Alderman, it would be a good thing that an advertisement should be published?
I do not recollect whether I did or not.
This offence is charged to have been committed as long ago as September?
Yes.
When was this bill published?
I never drew it out.
When was it published?
I cannot tell.
Do you know of any paper of that sort being published?
I do.
Was that at your desire to the Magistrate, or of the Magistrate's own accord?
I recollect now perfectly well, that Sir William Staines mentioned it first.
You knew the prisoner Coleman before?
Yes.
Of course you knew him to be pock-freeten?
No.
Do you know him not to be pock-fretten?
I cannot say whether he is or not, but I know his face perfectly well.
If you had seen the advertisement that described Coleman to be a pock-fretten man, would that have answered his description?
Yes, to any body that knew him as well as I do.
Do you mean to swear whether he was a pock-fretten man or not?
I do not call him a pock-fretten man, I did not draw the bill up; the person that drew the bill up knew nothing at all about him.
Had you any conversation with the person who drew the bill up, before it was drawn up?
No.
If there had been such an advertisement as described the prisoner to be a pock-fretten man, should you have supposed that that answered the character of the countenance of that man?
If it had been advertised as it was, I should have taken him for the man.
Look at that bill - did you not give this sort of account to the Magistrate, in order for its publication?
I did not.
Were you present when it was drawn up?
No; it was drawn up while I was gone back with Anderson to the Compter; I took it to the printer's afterwards.
did that answer from your knowledge of the man, the description that you have given?
Coleman and Botany Bay were sufficient to apprehend him any where; when I went to the printer's with it, I said to Mr. Fenwick's young man, that it was wrong, but it did not signify, for Coleman and Botany Bay were sufficient, almost every body knows him.
Does pock-marked answer his description?
I do not know whether he is pock-marked or not; I don't think he is.
When you were under the horses did you see Backrow?
Yes.
Did you see Hastings?
No.
And yet Backrow assisted you in taking Anderson to the Compter?
Yes.
This is a prosecution by the City of London, is it not?
I believe it is.
Do not you know that the City Solicitor brings you here?
No; I was bound before I ever saw the Solicitor.
Upon your oath, - do not you know that the Solicitor for the City of London is the person that conducts this prosecution?
I do.
You are paid for attending here?
I suppose I shall be allowed something for it,
You have been paid for coming here, have not you?
No.
You expect to be paid?
Yes, for my lost time.
I see there is a reward offered, you don't lay a claim to any part of the reward?
No, I cannot.
You have been twice before the Grand Jury upon this charge against Coleman?
Yes.
It was no direction of your's to go before the Grand Jury a second time?
No; it was the City Solicitor took me there.
Was the money you received from Anderson given you as a compensation for the injury you had received?
Yes.
As to this description, pock-market, it does not apply to him?
No.
Does dark complexion apply to him?
Yes.
Does short hair apply to him?
Yes.
Does lately returned from Botany Bay apply to him?
Yes.
On the 3d of September, I was with Cork, and his brother, behind a coach, we sat on the foot-board.
Did you see the prisoner that day?
Yes.
What was the colour of his coat?
A lightish grey; when the Lord-Mayor's coach came, the coachman ordered us off behind, we got off immediately, and as soon as we were off from behind the coach, the prisoner got in between me and Cork; as soon as he was got by the side of Cork, I heard a person call out, butcher, take care of your pockets.
How long did the prisoner remain between you?
I never saw the going of him.
How long was it before Cork found out that he had been robbed?
He never knew it till he was told of it.
How long was that?
Not above a minute after the Lord-Mayor had passed.
Did you see Coleman after that?
No, I did not.
How long a time do you think you had an opportunity of observing the person of the prisoner?
I only observed his crowding in between us.
Do you think it was a minute?
Yes.
What are you?
A butcher, at Farnborough, in Kent.
You had never seen the prisoner before?
No.
And yet you mean to swear that the prisoner is the person, though you had only the opportunity of a minute to observe him?
Yes.
You were before the Grand Jury?
Yes.
You say the coat the prisoner had on was a lightish grey?
Yes.
Did you not hear the examination of Sansum?
No.
It was a very light grey?
No.
Look at the coat he has on, do you call that a light grey?
Yes.
Do you mean to swear that that is a light grey coat?
I should think so.
You have heard of a reward that has been offered of ten pounds?
I do not know what reward you mean.
Why, for apprehending the prisoner?
No, I never did, I thought you might mean the reward that was offered to the prosecutor not to appear.
Look at that bill?
I never read it, not to know of any reward; I have read just the top of it.
Where have you been living since you have been in town?
I have dined mostly with Sansum and Cork.
At whose expence?
I have paid for some, and some he has paid for.
You expect to be paid again?
I hope so.
Who has paid for your bed since you have been in town?
Ourselves.
Then you attend here merely for the good of the public?
I was obliged to appear, because I was bound in a twenty pound bond.
Where do you live?
In Black-raven-court, Leadenhall-street, I am a weaver: I was in Newgate-street the day that Bartholomew-fair was proclaimed.
Do you recollect seeing that man, Cork, there?
Yes, at the corner.
Do you recollect seeing the prisoner there?
Yes.
Tell us what you saw of the prisoner and the prosecutor?
I saw the prisoner run away.
Before he run away, how near was he to Cork, the prosecutor?
Close to him; the officer called to me, and said, butcher, take care of your pockets; the prisoner was close to him then.
Are you sure he is the man who stood near Cork?
I am certain, to the best of my knowledge, that he was there; it was in consequence of what Sansum told me, that I gave my attention to him.
You did not know the prisoner at the bar before?
No; I never saw him before.
How long an opportunity had you of observing the prisoner?
I suppose, from the first time to the last time that I saw him, was a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes.
There was a great deal of croud at that time?
No, the croud was going off.
You do not mean positively to swear that the prisoner was the man?
To the best of my knowledge he is the man.
What was his dress?
Something like what he has now.
Not a lightish grey?
Yes.
Do you call that a lightish grey?
I think so.
Have you any doubt of his person?
None in the world.
I have been an unfortunate man it is true, but I have not been home eighteen months, though Sansum says I have been three or four years; I was not near the place, I am entirely innocent of it, as the witnesses will prove that are about to be called, who are entirely strangers to me.
I am a cork-cutter, I work at Mr. Hardy's in Little Eastcheap: I was present when the Lord-Mayor went to proclaim Bartholomew-fair, I was standing about four yards and a half from the place where the robbery was done; I saw a man, not the prisoner at the bar, clinging round Mr. Cork, with his arms round his waist; I had seen the same man do the same sort of acts before, I took particular notice of him; I saw him run across the way, and a man that is described by the name of Taylor, which I gave part of his description to Mr. Alderman Staines; one was of a light complexion, and the other of a dark complexion, they both ran away.
Had you known the person with the dark complexion before?
Yes, I have seen him go past our shop many times, in the same sort of acts, when I worked in Watling-street, two doors from Bow-lane.
Do you know what was his name?
William Saggers.
It was not the prisoner at the bar?
No, I can swear it was not the prisoner at the bar.
What was the name of the light complexion man?
I do not know.
Do you know what is become of Saggers?
He is now in Newgate, under sentence of transportation. The first time I was called up, I said, that I could tell the persons that committed the robbery, but I did not see the prisoner at the bar. I was summoned one day when another Alderman was sitting, and Sansum would not let me be heard before that Alderman.
Did Samsum say so?
Yes. And afterwards I had another summons to come up, and then I said, that the prisoner at the bar was not the man.
Did you assist in apprehending Anderson?
Yes.
Did you give information to Sansum, by which he might lay hold of Anderson?
With respect to Anderson, I did not say any thing about it, but with respect to Saggers, I did; and I gave the description of Taylor too.
How long were you there?
I may say, nearly half an hour in the whole.
Were you there when Sansum came up, and Anderson was laid hold of?
No, I went to work at that time; I never saw the prisoner with my eyes, till he was brought before the Magistrate.
Were you desired by any body particularly to speak to the person of Coleman?
Not particularly.
Were you desired by Sansum?
I told him, I could not swear to him; he said, I should have a better opportunity of seeing him when I came into Court. I was not called into the Court that day, nor since.
Where do you live now?
At Mr. Hardy's, in Eastcheap.
Where did you work on Saturday?
At Mr. Hardy's.
Now look at Coleman - Do you mean to swear he was not there at all?
I can swear he was not the man.
Do you mean to swear he was not near the spot?
Nobody could swear to that in such a mob.
Do you mean to swear that there were more was than half a dozen people near this man, when he robbed?
I cannot swear any thing about that.
Whereabout was it?
About seven or eight yards from the corner, close to Newgate, on the left hand side as you go into the Old-Bailey.
Was Sansum by?
He was by the coaches, I understood; I heard a voice call out, mind your pockets, I did not see him.
Was the prosecutor leaning against any thing?
No, he had just jumped down from the coach.
Have you been in Court, during the trial?
No.
He was standing upright?
Yes, as well as I saw.
His body was not bent down at all in this way
No.
Upon your oath, was he not forced against the back of the coach?
He was clear from the coach, he could not be touching the coach.
You are certain he was clear of the coach?
Yes.
Did you see Taylor there?
Yes.
How near were you to the prosecutor?
About four yards and a half.
Who picked his pocket?
I cannot say, I did not see it; I took particular notice of Saggers, seeing him in the same acts before; I saw him cling round the prosecutor.
Will you venture to swear that Coleman was not one of the half dozen that were round him, and assisted in picking his pocket?
I will swear he was not in my sight.
Did you notice all the persons that were near enough to touch him?
No.
Will you swear then, that at the time this man was robbed, Coleman was not near enough to touch it?
I will not pretend to swear it, but I could almost.
Upon your oath, did you see the man who picked his pocket, or the man who handed the bag?
I did not see the bag.
Will you swear then that it was not handed to Coleman?
I did not see Coleman.
Did you see where Anderson was, before the man was robbed?
I saw no more of him than when he came across the way after Saggers.
Were you ever acquainted with Coleman before?
I never saw him before in my life.
I am servant to Mr. Kirby.
Do you know the witness, Hastings?
Yes, I have seen him before.
Where?
In Newgate.
Did you shew him any body in Newgate?
I shewed him nobody in particular.
Did he fix upon any body?
Yes, he fixed upon Saggers. I took him into the ward where there were twenty-one prisoners, and ten or eleven strangers.
Is he to be tried?
No, he is under sentence of transportation; he is of a dark complexion, and very much puted with the small-pox.
Like Coleman?
No.
Should you be likely to mistake the one for the other?
Not at all.
