I am coachman to Mr. How, Theobald's Road. I was robbed in Little Queen-street, Holborn , the last day of May, a little after ten at night, by one person as I was walking home; it was the prisoner. He came up to me, and caught me by the collar, and stopped me, pulled me down, and took me up again, and took away my watch: I ran after him down Parker's Lane; a gentleman knocked up his heels, and before he got up, I took him: he never was out of my sight, nor as far off as I am from you: a boy picked up the watch, who is here. The prisoner asked me where I was going; I said I was going home, what was that to him; so he made no more to do but pushed me down, and pulled me up again, and took away my watch.
About half past ten I heard Stop thief! and the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner by the hair; I took him into charge.
About a quarter past ten I heard a rattle sprang; I ran and assisted to apprehend the prisoner; the prosecutor and the watchman had hold of him: in a few minutes after, a little boy came in and deposited the watch with the keeper of the watch-house.
I am watch-house-keeper of St. Giles's in the Fields. I produce the watch; I received it from the landlord belonging to this little boy, as the boy was so young, and his parents poor, he thought it would not be safe; I think the boy was with him at the time.
How old are you?
Twelve years old this summer.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
No.
Do you know what it is you are called upon to speak when you swear?
I do not know the nature of an oath.
Do you know whether it is right or wrong to tell lies?
I will speak what is truth.
Is it right or wrong to tell a lie?
It is not a lie.
Is it right or wrong for any body to tell a lie?
It is not right.
Now mind you are sworn to tell the truth, that is, you appeal to God, that what you say is truth.
Yes. I was in my shirt on the 31st of May. I live in Newtener's Lane, at a coal-shed, that goes into Cross Lane, and Cross Lane goes into Parker's Lane, and Parker's Lane goes into Queen-street. I ran down in my shirt; I heard the rattle sprung, and I saw this gentleman give charge of that man; and just as he took charge of him, a woman said,
\"May be you may find the watch.\" There was a good many looking besides me, and I looked and I found it laying between two tubs in Parker's Lane; I called out for our landlord, and gave it to him, for there were a whole parcel of blackguards about me; I thought they would take it from me, and our landlord carried it up to the watch-house, and gave it to that gentleman there.
As I was going along, I had been of an errand, I heard a great cry of Stop thief! a gentleman came and knocked me down, and this man came up and said to me,
\"You rascal, you have robbed me!\" I have not a soul; I have lately come from sea.
