I live in Crane-court, Butcher-row ; I am a servant in the Temple; I lodge in the house of Robert Read . Yesterday about two o'clock I lost ten pair of womens cotton stockings, value 1 l. 10 s. eighteen pair of childrens cotton stockings, value 18 s. a shirt, value 1 s. a silver salt spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. a silver tea spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. They were taken from the lower part of the house; I rent the parlour, and kitchen, and the room on the second floor; these were taken from the parlour, they were taken away about two or a very little after, I was not at home at the time, I knew it about an hour after they were taken, which was about a quarter past three; I saw my things again part of them at my own house, and part at the watch-house; he dropped some in the passage, and the rest were found on him at the watch-house.
Who picked those up in the passage?
My wife. I have got the stockings that were dropped in the passage, and the constable has the rest; I received them of my wife,
Do you know them again?
I do. (Produced and deposed to.) They are new stockings; I deal in them, I know that I bought them by the bills that I can shew for them, and I have my own private mark on them.
I am the wife of the last witness. I came up and saw the man the prisoner at the bar, come and take them off; I hallooed stop thief! I am sure he is the man, I never let him go out of my sight till he was taken, and brought back again; he ran away when I came up; the stockings lay in the passage till I came up, and I picked them up again; I delivered them to my husband.
I am the constable; I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody, not being at home, as I past by the watch-house, and seeing a crowd there I went in, I asked if he was searched? they said no; I searched him, and found these two spoons in his breeches, not in his pocket, I unbuttoned his breeches, they were wrapped in a cloth, and I found the shirt in one of his pockets, his right hand pocket I believe; after that he was taken to a magistrate, and committed. (The spoons, shirt, &c. deposed to by Lydia Smith .
I had none of them about me, the spoons were found under the bench.
I took them first of all out of his breeches, and laid them on the bench, and somebody said what a fool to be searched so easy; and I turned round to see who dare say so, and he snatched up the spoons, and threw them under the bench himself.
