I live in - Street, Berkley-square . Last Saturday morning between three and four o'clock when I got up I went down to my shed, I thought the door a little more open than when it was locked, I went to the door and laid hold of the part of the door, and it was open, the prisoner was inside laying down, and he jumped up, and said halloo, halloo, says I, what business have you here? he said he had been asleep; I asked him what business he had there to sleep? he said he did not know. I laid hold of his collar and took him out to the door, and held him while I put the door to; I took him up the street, and I saw the watchman, and we took him to the watch-house, and there we left him; when I came again I found my kit of salmon moved, and I thought I had lost it; I looked into my basket and I saw it there packed in another, and there was some lobsters, horse radish, and cucumbers also; I had put the kit of salmon in the place at past eleven when I locked the place up; it was moved from the place where it stood, and put into this basket which was before empty; and the lobsters, and the cucumbers stood on the top of a shelf; the basket was as full as it could hold; the lobsters were in a tub in a different place; he had wrenched the lock open, and the lock laid down on the floor, and he had got my shoes on when he was before the justice at ten o'clock; these were nigh a place where I set in the shed, what I used to wear in wet whether.
Are you quite sure you locked that shed the night before?
I am positive of it; here is the lock and nails are broke; I know the shoes by the nails on the bottom, and the wear of them, I had them for the winter on purpose for to go to market with; there was another pair in the basket and another odd one, and his own shoes were packed up in the basket likewise, and I went back and fetched them, and carried them to the justice.
I was in the street when he laid hold of me; he never catched me in the place at all; my shoes were my own which I bought at Rag Fair.
Did you know the prisoner before?
No, but I think I have seen him walking about the street.
All that I know about it is, I met this man coming up towards the watch-house with the prisoner, and he called for my assistance: I went up and asked the prosecutor what the prisoner had done? he said he had been in his shed; I said, then he shall go to the watch-house; accordingly I took him to the watch-house, and locked him up, and when we went back to the watch-house again the prosecutor owned the shoes which was on his feet; I went to the place, and saw the lock lay on the floor, and the things in the basket.
