I am a carman , a single man; I was robbed of half a guinea. On Monday last about half past twelve o'clock in the day I met her; I made a bargin with her for eighteen-pence; I went into the yard to her, she lives in George-yard, Whitechapel ; I went to her lodgings, I pulled out of my pocket three six-pences, two shillings, half a crown and half a guinea; she took the half guinea up, and run out of doors with it; I laid it all on the table, I followed her out of doors.
Had you been with her any time, or was it as soon as you came into the room?
As soon as I came into the room. I hallooed after her, and she went in again, and she shut the door on me, on trying to open the door to go after her, a man came out and knocked me down.
Had you ever seen this woman before?
Yes, I had been with her before.
How soon did you take her up after this?
Directly, a man went and fetched a constable and took her up.
Did you see her taken up?
Yes.
Was the examined?
No.
Did you find the half guinea?
I found some silver and halfpence.
Did she take any thing else from you than the half guinea?
No, she did not.
Has the half guinea ever been found?
Yes, after she was put in prison she sent to me to make it up with her.
Richard, the prisoner at the bar is an old friend of your's, it seems?
I have been with her three times before.
You paid her every time I take it for granted?
Yes.
All this money you put down on the table?
Yes.
Was it in a purse or not?
No, I emptied it out of my purse.
You emptied it out on the table in the room?
Yes.
She saw you empty it out?
What did you empty it out for, man?
To give her the eighteen-pence.
And left all the rest on the table?
No, she took it up before I could take hold of it, I emptied it on the table because my purse was so narrow and could not get the shilling.
I believe you got the half guinea again, did not you?
She gave me the half guinea again, but I carried it to the justice.
You have given a receipt for it?
No, she gave me a receipt to get some more.
Look at that receipt, did you make that mark to that receipt?
No, I did not make that mark that I know of.
Did you make any mark to any piece of paper?
No, never at all.
Your name is Richard Humphries ?
It is.
Did not you put your name to a piece of paper, purporting to be a receipt?
Yes, some young woman brought the money, and I made a mark on paper when I had received it.
When you was in the room with this woman, was there not some money dropped on the floor?
No, not during the whole time.
No shillings at all?
No.
You mean to swear it?
I do.
Then she did not pick up some silver and give it you again?
She did not.
You was sober I take it for granted when you went with your old friend?
No, I was not right solid sober, I had had some drink.
How much might you have drank that night?
It was about half after twelve in the day; I had had two pints of beer.
No hollands?
I had nothing but these two pints.
How far had you come that day?
From Edmonton.
Did not you drink a drop all that way?
Not a single drop of any thing.
Did not you stop to water your horses?
No, I never watered them at all.
Did not you stop in Bishopsgate-street?
No.
Did not you stop in Brick-lane?
No, I did not stop in Brick-lane.
Did not you stop at some public house?
I stopped at Mr. Butler's and had two pints of beer.
And then when you got to this woman's at half past twelve o'clock you was not right sober?
I was not.
You was then half drunk perhaps?
I had had some beer but not drunk.
Half seas over perhaps. Now when you came to this woman's you did not drink any thing there?
No, nothing at all.
No Hollands there?
Nothing.
No gin? perhaps you don't know the name of hollands?
I had nothing at all.
On your oath did not you drink some thing at the woman's lodgings?
I did not drink a drop of any thing.
And so you turned all this money up on the table in the same room in which this woman was, and you have received the half guinea again, and that half guinea you have taken to the justice. Now I believe your price to settle this business was three guineas, was it not?
No, sir.
Did not you offer to settle this business if the could get three guineas?
No, it was half a guinea and five shillings; it was her offer.
