I am son to Robert Haines; I am now in partnership with Robert and George. I was not at the time this happened; it was taken from our manufactory in Aldersgate-street , the prisoner was a workman in the manufactory : On Tuesday the 11th of October, between half past seven and half past eight o'clock in the evening, we had reason to suspect the prisoner; I was informed he had tobacco concealed in his breeches; I followed him to the door, and brought him back into the counting-house; I sent for a constable, and he was searched, and the constable took it out of his breeches in my presence; when I brought him back I told him he had got my father's property about him; he said, he hoped we should be merciful; the warehouseman, John Sykes, was with me at the time of bringing him back; and while he was gone for a constable he took out some of the tobacco from his breeches and threw it into the fire-place; there has been a little allowance given of a quarter of a pound each on a Saturday night, but this was on a Tuesday.
I suppose you can hardly swear to it?
It was common tobacco, and that sort that he alone was the manufacturer of; it was the same sort that we found upon him afterwards; many were manufacturing in the same place, but not the same tobacco.
I am servant to Messrs. Haines: I called the prisoner back when he was gone out into the street with the tobacco; he came back upon that, and I told him he had got tobacco about him, and he did not make any answer that I heard; when Mr. John Haines had taken him into the counting-house, I went for a constable, and when I returned I saw the tobacco taken from him; there was better than half a pound of it.
What may be the value of it?
1s. 4d. I found some more in the fire-place.
I did not see the tobacco taken from the prisoner; I know no more than my son.
You could not possibly miss it, I suppose?
No; I certainly could not.
I am servant to Messrs. Haines: I saw the prisoner put the tobacco in his breeches; he took it from where he worked, and I gave an account of it to Mr. Haines.
We work in very different places; he could not possibly see me do any such thing, if I had done it.
I saw him take it out, and I saw him roll it up and put it in his breeches; I could see him plain enough, as plain as I could see any thing.
I am a constable: On Tuesday the 11th of October, I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner, and I took this tobacco from him out of his breeches, (producing it) I have kept it ever since.
Junior. This is the same kind of tobacco that the prisoner was at work upon.
This tobacco is the service that was given me and my wife; I had saved it up to send down to my brother, a young man that was going that morning to Lincolnshire; I have no other convenience that they should not search me to take it from me; and this man that is swearing against me, is to have five guineas from my master if he can cast me.
Did you promise that man any money?
Never; but there is a paper stuck up in my warehouse, and has been stuck up these seven years, that whoever should detect another in stealing tobacco out of the warehouse should receive five guineas reward; I have made no promise to any body excepting that.
How long had he lived with you?
Five or six months.
Had you any character with him?
Yes; we never take any man in without a character; but I really cannot say from whom we had him; we did not minute it down in a book.
