On the 5th of June, about eleven o'clock at night, I was coming down Brick-lane, into Whitechapel, and I met the prisoner and another woman, they came and spoke to me; I had seen them before, but never spoke to them before; the other woman that was along with her I went home with, I gave her six-pence for something to drink, after I gave her the six-pence I put the purse into my jacket pocket again; after she had gone down a few minutes this woman at the bar came into the room; I stood behind the door as she was coming in, she rushed her hand into my pocket, and took my purse, and ran down stairs, and I after her; my purse was in the left side of my jacket pocket; there was a very good light in the room; I went down below after I followed her, and went to the people in the next room, to lend me a light, to go backwards to see for her, as I was not certain whether she went backwards or forwards; they would not lend me one for about four minutes, so I never saw the prisoner till I see her at the office on Monday last; afterwards the young woman, that I went with, gave her oath at the justices, that Catharine Carter was along with her, and afterwards gave her oath that she never saw Catharine Carter before. She is in New Prison for perjury.
What room was this?
one pair of stairs.
As I understand you, when the other woman was gone for the liquor, this woman came and immediately snatched at your pocket; did she say any thing?
No.
Did she offer to take hold of you, or do any thing, or say any thing to you?
Nothing at all.
What did you do or say to her?
Nothing at all.
When you gave the other woman the six-pence, this woman was not there?
She was not.
Did she attempt any other pocket?
She did not.
When she came up in the room and took the purse, how long might she be in the room before she went out?
She went out that instant, it was done instantly; she was not there above a minute.
What part of the room was the candle in?
The candle stood behind me in the corner.
Had you ever been in that house before?
Never before.
Was you drunk or sober?
I had part of a pint of beer, and a pint of ale.
Was you perfectly sober?
I was not perfectly sober, nor I was not drunk.
What money did you lose?
Ten guineas, two half guineas and the rest in silver.
How came you to have so much money about you?
In my business; I went to pay a bill, and the man was not at home, and I meant to bring my money home again. I went but about eight o'clock,
That is a late hour to pay a bill?
No. I was very near home when I went with this woman.
Did you suppose you was more safe because you was near home?
The first woman asked me to give her some beer; I said yes, and I gave her six-pence.
Did you find any thing on her when you took her up?
Nothing.
He has false swore what he has said, this young man has taken up another girl and has had two hearings. - I took the other girl up first to tell where this girl was, because I supposed that she went down and told this girl which pocket the money was in.
What business are you?
I am a butcher.
This girl said that she thought I was the person; on that I was taken up the last Sunday night, when I came up on Wednesday before the justice, they asked the woman whether I was the person? she said she never saw me in her life time, she took her oath so to the justice; he knows nothing of me no more than what he goes by hearing; I never saw the man in my life time till I saw him last Monday. I am a misfortunate woman.
I had seen the prisoner before that time in the street.
