I am clerk in the Ticket-office in the Navy; his majesty's ship Hanibal appears in an entry which I have here, this was the 1st of March, 1780; Peter Berry entered in 1782, he was taken by the French.
I am also a clerk in the same office, the prisoner made three different applications to me, the first in September, and all in the same week, describing himself as Peter Berry , of the Hannibal, requesting to know what wages were due to him, and what had been paid, this was September. I told him the wages had been paid up to the time of the ship being taken, to Benjamin Roberts for Moses Hart . He found no fault, he did not deny making that power of attorney to Berry, the wages had been paid up to the time of the capture.
I was purser of the Hannibal, I was not on board at the time of the capture. The prisoner at the bar called upon me with another person, in September, between the 20th and 30th, and said his name was Peter Berry, of the Hannibal, and begged me to give him a certificate. I told him I did not recollect him; he gave so minute a description of every person on board and of every circumstance, that I had no doubt of his being Peter Berry , although I did not recollect him, and he drew out a list from his pocket, containing one hundred and twenty names, and picked out sixteen or eighteen as being on board the Hannibal. I looked at my book and found him right; I gave him a certificate, being fully persuaded he was Peter Berry , and the East India Company give a sum of money to seamen, who have been captured in the East Indies; I gave him a certificate to the East India House, and I went with him to the East India House. I went to Mr. Bedingfield's office, and explained to his deputy the sitution of the prisoner; Mr. Bedingfield told me, there was some kind of suspicion of this man. On the 29th of September he went to the Pay-Office to identify his person.
On or about the 29th of September the prisoner came to me at the Pay-Office, and produced a certificate of Mr. Unwin's, the purser, that he belonged to the Hannibal; I sent for the pay-book, and found in 1787 his wages had been paid.
I certified that Peter Berry belonged to the Hannibal, I could not certify he was the person.
I found his wages had been paid to Moses Hart . I told the prisoner of it; I had my suspicions. I waited till I saw Brown. He stated that he went to Tranquebar, a Danish settlement, and came home in an East Indiaman to Ostend, I wrote to the Consul, and he sent to me that no such Indiaman had arrived; and they sent to me that Peter Berry was dead. I had him apprehended, and at Bow-street he acknowledged his name was David White ; I wrote to the Master at the Pay-Office, says he, here is one of those unfortunate men who were taken by Tippoo Saib . The Master asked him his name; he said it was Peter Berry . I must likewise state that officially the prisoner need not to have applied to me to recover the wages due, it was no ways necessary.
The same observation applies to myself.
I was a sailor on board the Hannibal, I knew Peter Berry , I was captured; me and Berry and the rest were five months on board one of the French ships, and then went to Bangalore; we were sent to another place, and from Bangalore to Seringapatam. The prisoner was captured much about the same time with Berry; he was in a prison with our officers as far as I can understand; I was in prison at Bangalore only one night; I saw Berry at Seringapatam, and after some time White was brought to the same prison at Seringapatam with Berry from Bangalore; but at another end of it. Berry died at Seringapatam in 1785, I saw him there dead; I came home in August, I made my escape from Seringapatam in 1790, and came home in 1791. Mr. Bedingfield got my wages to the time of my return. I saw the prisoner in September, I was at the Swan, I called him Capt. White; he turned round, and told me he did not know me; I made myself known to him, he knew me directly; then I went into the India-house; after that I saw Mr. Unwin come in, and he said Brown, here is your shipmate; I had not time to speak any more about it; I could not think who it was, but I saw him come in afterwards. After some little time had passed he came up to me, and stooped down, and told me not to mention his name. That was all that passed at that time; some little time after he came to me, and asked me if I would go to the Swan, and have any thing to drink, that was about three quarters of an hour after: we went into the Swan, and then he told me what he was upon; he told me that he was come to the India-house to get what gratuity money was given there, and afterwards he meant to go to Somerset-place, to receive Peter Berry 's wages there; and I told him that I could not go there, for I had marked the man dead, and took an affidavit of it. He told me he had a certificate from the Purser, and that he had friends, and was not afraid of obtaining the money. He got rather vexed and he wanted me to assist him in it; I told him I could not; he said I had no business to make an affidavit; I told him I was asked to do it; he said, with a laugh, if you betray me I will cut your throat.
You knew Berry very well?
Very well.
This man was not on board the Hannibal?
No.
Was you a seaman on board the Hannibal?
Yes.
Did you know Peter Berry ?
Yes, perfectly well; he was carpenter's mate.
Look at the prisoner. - That is not him, I have seen him in India, he was taken in a country vessel, he was marched up the country with our officers to Bangalore, I knew him there by the name of Capt. White, I cannot say his christian name; I was marched from Bangalore to a place called Bonuckpoor; Berry went with us to Bonuckpoor, and was taken out, I do not know where he went.
I searched the prisoner, I found this pa- paper in his coat pocket.
This was the paper he produced to me.
This Peter Berry was a mess-mate of mine; he was taken sick, and before he died, he gave me a written order to receive his wages in England, and gave me an account to whom he gave his power of attorney; he told me to come for his money and get it; but when I found that Brown had marked the man dead, I gave myself no more trouble about it; and in four or five days I was taken up and committed to New Prison.
What wages might be due to Berry?
About 120 l.
