I am a hatter and masquerade warehouseman , No. 316, Oxford-street ; I can only prove the property, I had seen them the morning they were lost, last Thursday.
There was a masquerade that night, was not there?
There was.
I am servant to Mr. Thomas: On Thursday evening, about eight o'clock, a man came to my master's, and ordered some dresses to No. 7, Mary-le-bonne-street; it was not the prisoner, it was a strange man, he said, they must be good ones; about nine o'clock, I took four dominos, two masks, and two hats; when I got into Holles-street, Cavendish-square, the prisoner met me, and asked me if I was going to Mary-le-bonne-street; I told him, yes; he took hold of the hats, and followed me to the house, No. 7; he went into the parlour, and tried two black dominos on, and two masks, he kept them, and tried one of the hats on, with a feather; he said, the dominos were not for him, they were for two other gentlemen; he said, one was up stairs dressing, with the hair-dresser with him, and the other was out; when he tried them on, I told him I could not leave them without the money; he said, he did not know what to do, he could not possibly speak to the gentleman; then he put on his hat, and said, he was going to the gentleman, he took the things under his arm, and said, he was going up stairs; he shut me in the parlour, I looked out, and saw that he was going out into the street, and when he saw me, he came back, and told me to follow, that I might as well go with him, and I followed him as far as Chandos-street; he took two black dominos, a mask, and a hat and feather with him; he went to a door there, and knocked; he told me to stop there, and then went off with the dresses.
Did he go in?
No; he went away from the door with the things, and told me to stop; he walked as far as New Cavendish street, I followed him as far as Mansfield-mews; when he came there, he took the things, and ran away with them as fast as possible; I cried out, stop-thief, and the watchman here stopped him, and then he dropped the things; a young man took up the things and gave them to me, they were not out of sight.
They were your master's property?
Yes.
Four dominos were taken first?
Yes.
And he only selected two?
Two black ones.
And he amused you in the sort of way you have described?
Yes.
He wanted a little credit, you know?
There were a good many duplicates found upon him.
That, you know, shewed that he was rather in poor plight in pocket?
Yes.
He just took one for himself, and one for a friend?
Yes.
I am a watchman; I heard an alarm, I saw the prisoner running with something white under his arm, the boy ran very smart after him; when he saw that I was coming to him; he held out his arm to knock me down; he said he had the money to pay for them, but there was not a farthing in his pocket; I sprang my rattle, and took him.
You spoiled his chance of getting to the masquerade?
Yes; (the property was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
(To Thomas.) I believe this young fellow, except being a bit of a coxcomb, and going where he ought not, is a tolerable honest sort of a fellow?
I wish to shew him all the lenity I can.
On Thursday, a friend of mine agreed to go with me to the masquerade, I asked him to be so good as order the dominos; he said, he would, the boy was so long before he brought them, that I met him in Holles-street; I went with the boy to a friend's house, in Mary-le-bonne-street, being a respectable house, I thought it better to take him there; my friend did not come so soon as I expected; I sitted the dominos and masks, and made an excuse to the boy; I was thinking, if I did not meet my friend, I would leave the boy at a gentleman's house, to look for him; I told him, in five minutes, I would call and pay for the hire of the dominos; the boy, I believe, suspected something, and instantly followed me; I was making all the haste I could to my friend for the money; I had not sufficient in my pocket to pay for them, and the boy called out, the watchman was at my elbow, and the idea of being put in the watch-house made me run; I concealed my money, and told them I had none; I had two guineas and a shilling in my pocket; the watchman treated me extremely ill; I did not take them away designedly; if the person had called in the morning for the dominos, there would have been the money and the dominos.(For the prisoner).
I live at Lamberh, I am a timber-merchant; I know the prisoner's father and mother, they are respectable people, he was apprenticed to a hairdresser in the country; I have known him up to the present time, through knowing his friends; he has followed hair-dressing, and has since been in service; I always considered him a gay, volatile, thoughtless young fellow, but never heard any thing that was an impeachment of his honesty; the house in Mary-le-bonne-street is kept by his sister's husband, who lives in very great credit.
