I am the daughter of John Harrison , a locksmith and bell hanger ; I know the prisoner very well; on the 13th of February, Saturday, about a quarter after nine in the evening, as I was going home, from Holborn; I live in Fetter-lane ; just as I come to the corner of Fetter-lane, two or three men stopped me, and put their hand to my mouth; a gentleman going by says, you villain, what do you want with the child? with that they turned off; and I crossed over, because I lived the other side of Fetter-lane, and went a little way, facing a grocer's shop; they put their hand on my face and mouth, and the prisoner snatcht my bundle away; the prisoner crossed over, and ran down Blewet's buildings; I ran over and cried out stop thief! and murder!
Did you see the face of the prisoner?
Yes, because the shop was very light.
Are you sure the prisoner followed you?
Yes.
Was he stopt in your presence?
They were with me about ten minutes altogether; I am sure it is the man, and never lost sight of him; I gave the bundle to the constable, who has kept it ever since.
She told me the same as she told your Lordship.
I live at the corner of Blewet's buildings; I heard the cry of murder, and somebody screaming in the streets; I saw the girl running and screaming after the prisoner, he had the bundle in his hand; when he got up to the top he stopt; as the court had no thoroughfare, I did not make much haste; I got up and collared him, and he had dropped the bundle, which was picked up a little from him: I took him down to St. Andrew's watch-house, and sent for Mr. Spateman, and gave charge of him, and gave him the bundle.
I am an officer; I received the bundle from Mr. Houghton, and have kept it ever since.
I was going to receive a bill for my master, in Fleet-market; I went down these Buildings, and the girl ran up to me, and said, where is my bundle? I told her I knew not what she meant, says she, you stopped me, and took my bundle from me; the gentleman here came up and took hold of me, and had me to the watch-house; I am a chair-maker .
