I am a victualler ; I detected the prisoner, on the 9th of December, between the hours of five and six, rolling the puncheon from my premises in Old-street , round the corner, round my house, on to the foot way.
Was he rolling it in a direction from the premises?
Yes, from the premises.
Are you sure he had moved the puncheon from the place in which it stood?
Yes, about twenty-five yards.
Was it an empty puncheon?
Yes.
What time of night was it?
It was night, between five and six; I heard him throw the puncheon down and roll it round the house, and I opened the door and went out after him and came up to him, and asked him where he was going with the puncheon? he said, what business was that to me? I asked him if it was his? he said yes, he was going home with it. I laid hold of him and sent for an officer. The puncheon is not here.
How did you know it to be your puncheon?
No more than the plantation mark. I saw the puncheon not two minutes before standing in the place where it used to be.
I am one of the officers of St. Luke's.
Did you see this puncheon in the possession of the prisoner?
No, I only took charge of him; he appeared to be rather in liquor, and I carried him before the magistrate.
My wife and I were going along Old-street, going into Shoreditch, the night was duskish, the cask was on the belly of it, and there was not room for to go past, and I moved it for my wife to go past, and my child, with that the gentleman hearing the cask making a noise came out, and asked me where I was going to take that cask to? I said, I was going to take it no where, but if it was his, why did not he take it out of the path way? He said he insisted that I was going to steal it, and sent for this gentleman, the constable, and took me to Hog-lane, to the justice's, and swore that I was going to steal it, I told him it was too big for any man to steal, I only moved it out of the way for to make a free passage to pass it.
to Harley. Did you see any wife or child with this man?
Yes. When I laid hold of this man by the collar and held him by the door, a woman came up and said, what do you do there? he said, this gentleman will not let me go, and his wife said, why did not you let the cask alone? why did you not roll it to the green yard?
Was it on the path way?
It stood up close by the side of my cellar window, it is a bye way, wide enough for two carts to pass.
Did the man appear to be drunk or sober?
He appeared not to be very sober, he was in his working dress, and his wife had his coat in her arms, and after I gave charge of him, she gave him his coat and he put it on him.
Then the man and wife were together when you laid hold of the prisoner?
When I had hold of the man the wife came up.
