I had the care of eighty-seven sheep from Paddington to Smithfield-market: in St. Giles's there was two hackney coachmen coming along; and I saw the prisoner as they stopped, lay hold of the sheep, and pull the sheep out of the drove, on the 25th of January, Monday morning about two o'clock: I did not know the person of the prisoner before this time; he was on the same side as I was, standing up to let the coach go by; he pulled the sheep out of the road, and pulled it up the street; I followed him up the street some distance; I crossed the way before him, and met him, and asked him where he was going to drive that sheep.
Were there any other people about?
No.
Did he not observe you this time?
He might; he told me he was going to take it home; I asked him to let it go, and he would not; he would insist on taking it away home: I called the watch for some time, and none came; the watch at last came from the end of Monmouth-street; I gave charge of the prisoner, and they took him to the watch-house; he had then the sheep in his hand: I never saw the man before as I know of: it was a ewe sheep; the value of it is seven or eight and thirty shillings.
Had he parted with the sheep when the watchman came?
No.
Did he go quietly with him?
Yes.
I am a lamplighter: I went along with this man down to Paddington for the sheep; I did not see the man take the sheep; I was before; he called me, and I went and saw the man and Petit together, and the sheep between the man's legs: I am sure the prisoner is the man; he was taken to the watch-house.
I am a watchman; I cried the hour of two, and was setting in my watch-box; I heard the call, and went, and Daniel Petit gave the charge of the prisoner; and I took the sheep and the prisoner both to St. Giles's watch-house; the sheep was killed in Bloomsbury-market: and I have got the skin here.
I am a drover to Thomas Wells ; and this skin is his property.
Where did you mark it?
At Crisloe in Buckinghamshire; it hath a round ring, and W. on it, which I put on myself; it is Mr. Westcoat's sheep; and Mr. Wells is his salesman; and Mr. Westcoat delivered them to me for Wells: and I delivered them to Daniel Petit at Paddington; there was only nineteen marked in this way that morning.
Did you deliver any other sheep at Paddington, besides Mr. Wells's?
None besides Mr. Wells's; all the sheep which Mr. Wells was answerable for, I gave to this drover.
Do you hold the salesman is answerable for them before they come to market?
Yes, the moment they are given to me.
Was you at the killing of this sheep?
I was, and have kept the skin ever since.
I was very much in liquor, and locked out of my lodgings, it being two o'clock when I went home: I had been drinking with Newland; so I went up to go to the Duke's Head; and going along I met this drove of sheep coming down St. Giles's; some coaches stopped till the drove passed; they had a dog which divided them; and up the street the sheep went; I was going on the foot-way; the sheep was on the foot-way before me; then the drover came up; what answer I gave him I do not know: this Knowland comes up, and takes hold of me, and takes me to the watch-house: I was so drunk I could not see through a story ladder.
Was this man drunk or sober?
I think he was much in liquor.
Was this man drunk or sober?
I do not think he was perfectly sober; he behaved very quietly.
What did you think of him?
I do not know that he was drunk; he did not attempt to run away.
