I was at work at Mr. William Godfrey Brown 's, in Golden-lane , the 19th of November about eleven o'clock, this man was bringing out a piece of oak, out of Mr. Brown's yard, he was employed there, he was a carpenter , and he had an inch and quarter deal also, and he said to me, sawyer, be so good as to put this on my shoulder, and I did, it was Mr. Brown's oak, I saw him bring it out of the yard.
Was all the wood that was there Mr. Brown's?
Yes, it is Mr. Brown's property.
Do you know what he did with it?
No, I don't know what he did with it then.
When I was coming out of the yard I was carrying this deal to a job, and I had this piece of oak, and thought it was an old piece of oak, good for nothing.
I am an officer, No. 36, Barbican. On Tuesday the 19th, about a quarter after eleven, the prisoner came to my shop with a piece of oak on his shoulder, he pitches it off his shoulder into my shop, and he says, here master, here is a piece of wood for a pot of beer; I had a customer in the shop that I was serving, as soon as I had served the customer I went round to him, I asked him how he came by it, he said it was a parish affair, and I might as well buy it as another, he said he was at work at one the church vaults, and he brought it away from there;\\ says\\ I, I suppose it belongs to the clerk of the parish, he says, yes, I desired him to put it on his shoulder and go along with me to the clerk, but he refused that; when I went down to Mr. Ayscough the clerk of our parish, he knew neither the man nor the timber, and I was going along with him up to Guildhall, to the sitting magistrate, and going along he cried, and said that he took it out of Mr. Brown's yard.
Had you made him any promise before?
None at all, I am sure of that.
Was it a new piece?
I believe it is.
What is it worth?
Two shillings and six-pence.
It is customary amongst us carpenters to take chips, and fire wood to burn, or make the price of a pint; this piece I took out of the yard, it being a black piece I did not know but it was an old piece, so I said to the sawyer as I was coming out, I will make a pot of beer of this, says he I will have half of it; so I went to the gentleman's house and asked no more than a pot of beer; so I hope you will take it into consideration, I beg for your mercy, so I leave it to your lordship and the mercy of the court.
Did you say you would have the beer with him?
I did not.
