I am a tiresmith , I know nothing of the loss.
I deal in broken glass and iron, No. 14, Petticoat-lane, opposite the India warehouses: Last Wednesday was a week I went to Mr. Nowlan, at the Police-office, and gave him some information, and in consequence of that Nowlan and I went and watched at Mr. Colnett's, No. 101, Whitechapel High-street, and between five and six o'clock I saw the prisoner come out with some iron upon his shoulder; I went up to him, and asked him what he had there; he threw it down, and I laid hold of him by the shoulder till Nowlan came up and laid hold of him.
Where was it that you laid hold of him?
As soon as he had come out of the passage leading to Mr. Colnett's premises; there is a door to the passage, and he came out at that door.
The prisoner is a workman of mine.
I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street: On Wednesday, the 28th of November, I watched with Griffiths and the last witness about half past five o'clock near Mr. Colnett's premises; I and Griffiths were in a public-house; I saw Philips lay hold of the prisoner, I did not see where he came from, he had some bars of iron upon his shoulder; he resisted a good deal, and we took him and the bars of iron to the office; the iron is here.
I am a constable belonging to Lambeth-street: On Wednesday, the 28th of November, I went with Nowlan to the Tewkesbury-church, near Mr. Colnett's premises, to watch; I saw the prisoner stopped by Philips, I did not see him come out of the passage, he had some bars of iron upon his shoulder, and upon being stopped, he put down the iron; I took him into custody, and took him to the office.
I cannot swear to the iron.
On the 28th of March, I was coming from my work, just before I got out, Thomas Allen, the head fireman, and another man, gave me three pieces of iron, and told me to take them outside the gate a little way, and he would take them of me, I did not know what he meant; and then I was laid hold of; the other two men ran away.
Did you see any body running away?
No, I did not see any other man but the prisoner.
