What relation are you to James Malagan ?
His lawful wife.
Do you know of any money being lost lately?
I lost the money myself, on the 24th of December, at the Pea Hen inn ; I left my box there; I was a passenger come from Norwich in the Norwich waggon, and I left my box at the inn while I went to Chelsea; when I went to Chelsea I staid there till the middle of the day, and then I asked Mrs. Barrett, at Chelsea, to go with me to the inn for the box, and I met Mr. Green at the corner of Bishopsgate-street, I asked him if he could take a box and bundle to carry it down to Chelsea? he said he could; accordingly I went afterwards to my box at the sign of the Pea Hen, in Bishopsgate-street, to take one guinea out of the seven that I had in a box in the box, to pay the waggoner; accordingly the waggoner uncorded the box, I unlocked the box myself, and I took one guinea from seven out of this small box which I have now in my pocket, and got it changed, while I was about this, Green came in at the same time, he said, good woman, are you ready? - I said, if you please to stop two or three minutes till I get change for a guinea; accordingly he stopped, I agreed with him for eighteen-pence to carry my box to Chelsea. He came in at the time the Norwich waggoner was cording my box the second time, he see me get change for the guinea, I delivered the box to him with six guineas of gold in it, he carried it to the corner of Bishopsgate-street where his cart stood. His horse met with a misfortune and fell down and he left the box at the corner of a street, and I stood by it till he came the second time and took the box, I said, Mr. Green, will you let me ride in the cart? - No, he said, you cannot, nor you shall not; accordingly I told him to leave the box at Mrs. Anderson's, the Royal Hospital, at Chelsea, and if I was not there she would pay him for the box; and I and Mrs. Barrett went home to Chelsea; about six o'clock in the evening I went to see if my box was at Mrs. Anderson's, and I see the cart turn from the corner as I got near to Mrs. Anderson's house, I went and asked if a box was left for me? says I, Mrs. Anderson, is there a box left here for me? she said, yes, here is a box left here for you, and you are to pay me eighteen-pence; I went in and saw the box, and it was open, I had locked it when I gave it him; I said, good God! my box is broke open; Mr. Anderson said, that is the way that the man left the box, accordingly I got two men to carry the box to Mrs. Barrett's (there is two handles to my box, one at each end) where I lodge, and instantly I got in I examined my box, the first thing of course I looked to was this box where my money was lodged, and I opened the box and there was but one guinea out of six, I said, Mrs. Barrett, I am robbed of five guineas; I unsolded every thing that I had, and shaked them out, and I examined every thing very carefully and very strictly, and not a single farthing but one guinea left out of the six guineas in this box where my husband's shirt buckles and knee buckles were.
Did you know this man before? had you ever seen Green before?
No, I never did.
Because I observe you represent yourself as calling him by his name at first?
I see his name on the cart, Thomas Green, I can read and write; he keeps an errand cart.
Now tell me how your box was sastened?
When I gave it to him at the Pea Hen, it was safe locked and corded.
When you get to Chelsea what part was broke open?
Did the cord remain on it?
The cord was loose on it, and an old mattress on it that I brought from the West Indies with me; I am an old traveller.
When did you see the prisoner again?
In his own house, on Christmas morning; I went to him, and first of all the door was opened, and he was sitting on a chair by the fire side, I said, Mr. Green, how came my box to be broke open? says he, how do I know? says I, Mr. Green, you must know, for it was delivered safe locked and corded to you; says he, how do you know that it could not be broke open at Mrs. Anderson's; I then said to him, mind, I tell you that I come to acquaint you of what has happened with my box, I have lost five guineas out of it, and if you do not make me a restitution for my money, I certainly will go to Bow-street to-morrow morning; he said, you may go where you please, I will stand my trial for it. This happened to me on the 24th, and the 25th was Christmas Day; on the 25th I went to Bow-street.
In the first place, this man is the common carrier that drives the cart between the Pea Hen and Chelsea?
He is.
And he carried many other parcels in his cart besides your's?
He did.
You gave him direction when he carried your box, to leave it at the Royal Hospital?
I did.
There you found it?
I did.
What is your husband?
He is an invalid, at Jersey.
What is he?
A soldier.
What may you be?
I came with an intent to get my husband from garrison if I could, as there is a gentleman belonging to the regiment that is here, that would wish to get my husband from garrison in order to be a recruiting serjeant for the sencibles that are now raising.
How long was you to stay at Chelsea?
Till such time as I wrote a letter to my husband, and if my husband could not come from garrison I meant to go back to him.
What situation of life are you in?
I am nothing but a poor woman, and since this affair of the money being lost, I am living on the clothes I have.
What have you been doing with yourself since?
I landed from the West Indies July last; a gentleman heard of the ill situation of the Jerseys, and as such I was billetted at a very respectable house, the Magpie, at Chelsea.
How did you become possessed (in the situation in which you are in) of seven guineas when you set out from Norwich?
I was worth ten guineas when I set out from Norwich.
When you set out from Norwich, I am surprised you did not take your little stock in your pocket?
If I had thought of any casualty happening of that kind I certainly should.
In fact, all your stock was in that box, and you took one guinea out of it in town?
I did, I took one guinea out of seven.
When you was in town and had only to go to Chelsea, why did not you put it in your pocket?
I did not think of any casualty.
You had an opportunity of taking out your box and putting it in your pocket?
I had.
What time of the day was this that you saw this man at the Pea Hen, in Bishopsgate-street?
About two o'clock.
And what time of the day was it you found your box?
About six o'clock at night.
How soon was it he left Bishopsgate-street?
I cannot tell that, because as soon as he took the box from me and put it in the cart, I left the cart.
How long did you stay in town, before you set off yourself for Chelsea?
I set off immediately.
At what part of the house was it you saw the box at Mrs. Anderson's?
In the tap room.
Not in the bar belonging to the house?
No, in the tap room, on the first table.
Anderson, you say, is a brother of the person that keeps this house?
Yes.
Did he go with you to Green?
Yes, he did, first of all.
When did you first of all complain to Anderson, either to the brother or the person that keeps the house?
The very same night, at seven or eight o'clock; the next morning I went again, Saunders, the constable, was there at the same time; Mrs. Anderson said to him, this is the poor woman that has been robbed out of Green's cart.
Did Green see you put the money into the box after taking out the guinea?
No, he did not.
Had Green any opportunity of knowing whether there was any money in the box or no?
No, only if he had suspicion when I told him to wait till I got change for the guinea.
Had he any other things in his cart besides your box?
Yes, a great many other things.
I live at No. 12, Royal Hospital-row, Chelsea; my brother keeps the Royal Hospital; about six o'clock this night I see a large box in the tap room, and it was open, then I see Mr. Green at the bar door, but I did not see him bring in the box, I don't know who brought it in.
That was before the woman came in?
Yes, before the woman came in.
Who were about the house?
There were seven or eight persons in the house at the time.
Did you know these seven or eight persons?
There was the quarterman there, I cannot pretend to say who they were all; I was in the tap room when the woman came in for the box, she came in for the box, and my sister told her there was eighteen-pence to pay for the box, she looked at the box and said, my box is open! says I, what then? it is as it came; she asked if there was any body there that would carry it home for her? - I said, there were two young men that would carry her box, and they went off together with it, and soon after that she came back and said she had lost five guineas.
Do you know Mr. Green?
Yes, I have known him for these ten years; he bears a very good character.
This cart does not take passengers, but parcels?
It is an errand cart.
I live at Chelsea; I went to the Pea Hen, in Bishopsgate-street, along with Mrs. Malagan, and see her deliver the box locked and corded to Mr. Green.
Was you at the public house when the box was brought there?
No, I was not.
I leave it to my counsel, no farther than my cart stood in Grace-church-street instead of Bishopsgate-street.
I am about fourteen, the brother; I went with this cart.
Did you see the box when it was put into the cart?
Yes.
Did you see it when it was delivered?
Yes, I helped it on my brother's shoulder.
Was it delivered just in the same way at the Royal Hospital as you took it at the Pea Hen, Bishopsgate-street?
Yes, just the same.
Had you stopped at any place coming home?
Yes, at a good many places, but never both of us left the cart together.
Did you look at the box when your brother took the box out at Chelsea, to see whether the cord was tight?
No, I did not take so much notice of it.
