I am a soap maker ; I imported some tallow, and landed it at Mr. Mashiter's wharf ; it was stolen off the wharf; I know nothing of the robbery. There was some soap found upon him, two pieces of wood belonging to a cask of pearl-ash, which I imported at the same time, and which has my mark upon it, and the mark of the country.
I am clerk to Mr. Russell; I went down in the morning (this tallow was supposed to be stolen) and saw the tallow and the cask of pearl-ash, it was marked with an R in a triangle; I left the wharf at one o'clock, at which time there was some loose tallow in a mat; I desired the prisoner to send it up in the cart; he is a servant to Mr. Mashiter; there was some tallow received by the cart, we don't know how much.
Do you know that it did not come to hand?
I do not.
I am an officer: On the 11th of this month, I was in company with Griffiths and Nowlan, in East-Smithfield, near Tower-hill, a little before seven o'clock in the evening, I observed the prisoner, with a bundle under one arm, and two pieces of wood under the other, go into an old iron shop; upon that we suspected the goods that he had were stolen; we followed him in, and found the tallow untied, and the man of the house with the scales ready to weigh it; we secured him, and brought him away; he made a very stout resistance, we were a long time securing him, and when he was secured, we asked him where he was going with it, and he said he was going to Mr. Russell's with it; it was quite a contrary road where we met him from Mr. Mashiter's wharf to Mr. Russell's.
I am a constable (produces the heads of the cask and the tallow) I was the first person that went into the iron shop where he went to sell it; the man that the house belonged to had the scales in his hand and was going to put it into the scales; he told me he was going to Mr. Russell's; I asked him if he had any more about him, and he said, no; and I took some from under his waistcoat, and Griffiths took some from the other side.
I know this tallow to be mine; it is a particular kind of tallow that comes from Siberia; and the heads I know to be mine, by the sale mark of the country, and my own mark.
The clerk desired me to take this tallow home; I forgot it till night, and then I took it to carry it to Mr. Russell's, and these gentlemen stopped me; I told them I had got some tallow of Mr. Russell's, and was going to carry it there; one of them cut me open by a blow upon the nose with a stick; I never offered to sell it.(The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character).
