I am master of the ship Harmony , that ship belonged to the prosecutors Samuel Mac Dowal and Thomas Twenlowe .
Where was it laying on the 23d of November?
At Ratcliff-cross.
What was she laden with?
Sugar.
Was she at her moorings?
She was lately come from St. Vincent's.
Is your name Robert Hamilton or Robert William ?
Robert William Hamilton .
I am the chief mate of the ship Harmony.
Was you so on the 13th of November last?
Yes. I saw some suga, several bags, laying athwart the stern. The prisoner at the bar, he was a lumper on board the Harmony.
Were Stout, Granger, Rose, and Reynolds all Lumpers?
Yes. I went and stopped the sugar from going away from the ship; Reynolds was in the lighter athwart the stern of the Harmony, Granger was on board our ship, he was heaving at the capstan, he was heaving with the rest to get the sugar out, Gillfoy was the man on the deck.
Was that near where you were?
In another part of the ship.
When you see them heaving this sugar what did you do?
I went into the lighter to stop the sugar from going, immediately Grainger followed me who took hold of me, and him and Reynolds together tried to shove me over the side of the craft; when they found they could not shove me over, they threw the sugar over.
How many bags of sugar did they throw over?
I cannot say, several bags; four or five. After this happened I returned on board the ship.
Did you see any thing of Gillfoy?
Gillfoy was on board the ship and he was looking over the stern.
Was the stern near you in the other vessel?
Yes; he said something to the purpose, heave that rascal overboard, I took it that he spoke it to Grainger and Reynolds, the expression he made use of was, heave the rascal or rascals overboard.
How many were there?
About twelve people.
What were they all?
They were all lumpers, only one boy that attended the ship.
Where there twelve in the lighter?
No, only two, Grainger and Reynolds, besides me.
Did he call out to the people that were in the lighter to throw you overboard?
He said throw the rascal or rascals, I don't know which.
