- I keep the Bull's Head, in Walbrook : On Saturday, the 29th day of July, about ten o'clock in the evening, I lost two quart pots; two pots of beer had been ordered, and were taken out by a servant of mine, who has since left me; the pots were taken from my servant with the beer in them; on the Monday, a man told me I should find the pots at an old Iron-shop, in Shoe-lane; I endeavoured to get a search-warrant, but could not; the next witness found the pots.
- I had information that there were some of my pots along with this gentleman's, at an iron shop in Shoe-lane; I went with a constable, and searched the house; Mr. Johnson, the prisoner, sat in the shop, and asked me what I wanted; I told him, I understood there were some pots of mine concealed there; he told me, he never bought any pots, nor stole any; I told him. I should search his house; and he told me I might do as I pleased; I told the constable to look into the bed, and there he found four quart pots.
These two are my pots, they are the same that I lost; there is my private mark upon the bottom of each of them.
He told you, you might ransack his house?
Yes.
You had some information which led you to the prisoner's house?
Yes.
That information you had from Boss, had not you?
Yes.
What is Boss?
He has been a recruiting-serjeant, I believe.
In other words a crimp?
Yes, if you please.
Did you know the prisoner at the bar before?
I have known him for years.
Do you happen to know that he is a married man?
Yes.
His wife was a violent dispositioned lady, I believe?
I cannot say, I never heard.
What kind of shop did she keep?
An iron-shop, in Shoe-lane.
I believe you know that they do not live in the same house?
As far as I know they always lie in the same bed together.
Do you not know that the one keeps a cabinet-maker's shop, and the other an iron-shop opposite?
I have seen a few chairs at the house over the way.
Have not you heard from Boss, that they were parted?
I have understood that they have parted for a week, and then made it up, and gone to bed together again.
Do you not believe, upon your oath, that this prosecution is a plan laid against the prisoner by his wife and Boss, to get rid of him?
No.
Have not you heard Boss declare that it was a plan of Mrs. Johnson's, to lay hold of her husband?
No; never any thing like that; I have heard Boss say, he kept a thieving shop, and a shop for receiving stolen goods.
The prisoner suffered his house to be searched very readily?
Yes; and when I found the pots in the bed, he walked about seemingly very much agitated; he went out at the back door into an alley, and I followed him through various turnings and windings, and called stop thief, till he was taken; Mr. Johnson then said, this is my made of a wife's doing.
- I am a silver chaser: On Saturday, the 29th of July, I was in company with the prisoner at half past seven o'clock in the evening, and it was near one o'clock on the Sunday morning before we parted; and on the Sunday morning he and I went down to East Barnet together, and there we were in company with Mr. Fairbrother and another gentleman; I have known the prisoner four or five years; I never knew any thing to the contrary of his being an honest man; I used to spend the evening at the same public-house with him.
Did he and his wife live upon terms together?
Not upon terms of friendship, certainly.
Do you know if they lived in two different houses?
Latterly Mr. Johnson has slept in one house, and Mrs. Johnson in the other; the pots were found in the house where she slept.
- I was at Barnet, in company with the prisoner at the bar and Mr. Howell, on Sunday, the 30th of July; we slept there that night, and walked to town the Monday morning.
- I was in company with the prisoner and Mr. Fairbrother at Barnet; I, being lame, did not come with them; they left me in bed.
- I am a small worker in gold, in Shoe-lane; I know Mr. Johnson and his wife; I have known him five or six years; he and his wife a have not lived upon terms this twelve-month, or two years; I have heard him say, that they have not slept together for these four or five months.
Do you know Boss and his wife?
Yes.
Do you know Barwell?
Yes.
Did you ever hear them have any conversation relative to this business?
Yes; a few days after Mr. Johnson was taken up, I met with an acquaintance of mine in Stonecutter-street going there, and we walked together till we met Boss at the corner; I asked Boss if Mr. Johnson was acquitted by the Justice, and he said, he was not; he should take very good care that he should not, for that he was a b-y thief; Boss and I then went over to Barwell's, and my acquaintance went to Mr. Johnson's; we stopped there for a little bit; Boss clapped his hand upon my shoulder, and said, he had fixed Johnson, he would take care that he should not get out till he was set at liberty at Botany Bay; I told Boss, that I thought he was the last man who ought to take away a man's liberty from him; Barwell, when he heard this language, shook his head, as much as to say, he must not say any more.
