- In consequence of some information, I found some weights of mine on the 22d of August at Mrs. Howard's, in Petticoat-lane; she keeps an iron shop.
- I belong to the Custom-house; I saw the prisoner in Mansell-street, Goodman's-fields, with a half hundred weight; I informed Mr. Moffatt of it; I supposed he had stolen them; I followed him, and saw him go into a house in a lane across Whitechapel, I believe it is Petticoat-lane; I then thought it my duty to acquaint Mr. Moffatt of it; I happened to meet him in my way, in Haydon-yard, Whitechapel, and I shewed him the house where it was carried to; I knew the prisoner was servant to Mr. Moffatt, he is a scale-maker in the Minories; I live next door to the shop where this man worked; I had no acquaintance at all with Mr. Moffatt; I never spoke to him in my life before.
- My husband is a shoemaker: I keep a shop for iron and old clothes, and brokery-goods; I had only been three weeks in that business, when this happened.
How did you know the value of things, if you had never been in business before?
The woman who kept it before was coming to instruct me.
Look at the prisoner?
That is the man, I believe.
Have you any doubt of it?
No, I have not the least doubt but he is the man; he came to my shop about a fortnight ago, and sold me one weight, a half-hundred weight, I gave him one shilling and sixpence for it; about a fortnight after, he brought me another, and I gave him one shilling and sixpence for that; that is all that I ever bought of him; his master came and took them away from my house, about a quarter of an hour after I had bought the least one.
Is the weight that Mr. Moffatt claimed, the same that the prisoner brought to your house?
Yes.
I can swear to one of them particularly, it is marked fifty on the side; it is the last weight that she said she bought; it is a fifty pounds weight, such as we send over to America, to pay for tobacco, and goods that they weigh by the next one hundred, and not the one hundred and twelve; the prisoner has lately come from sea; he has worked for me before; when I went into Mrs. Howard's shop, at first, she said, she had not got a half hundred weight in the house.
