I was robbed on Whitsun Saturday, going to market, with a basket under my arm, to buy a little bit of meat for my family, in Fleet-market; between eleven and twelve, I came to Parker's-street ; in the corner of it a young fellow came in blue clothes and snatched my watch out of my pocket; I ran after him above a hundred yards; I caught him by the clothes; says I, you've stole my watch; he says no; directly the man knocked me down backwards, and there was I crying murder and stop thief, your honour; and several came, and said, where is he, the thief, the blackguard; I can say no more, for I was very faint; I found my basket again; I had only a couple of shillings, and he took the watch without saying any thing to me; I never had my watch again; I saw the man when he took my watch, and when I laid hold of him.
Which is the man?
That is the gentleman there, your honour.
Upon my examinations before a magistrate, that man swore to losing a watch with a shagreen outside case and metal box, and I am indicted differently here.
See if there be any such examinations.
Describe the watch.
Your honour, I made a mistake in the shagreen case, I found it out afterwards; it is tortoiseshell; it was a metal watch gilt; I cannot tell the number; the inside case was silver.
Please to ask the boy if he knows the nature of an oath, before he is sworn.
Do you know why you are sworn?
No, Sir.
Do you know the nature of an oath at all?
Why, Sir, if I tell the truth, I shall go to heaven; but if I tell a lie, I shall go to hell, Sir. (Sworn.) I was going to-bed, and I heard this gentleman cry murder! and I heard the cry, hold this gentleman; and I held this gentleman while Thomas Williams ran away; Thomas Williams said to Edward Curry , d - n your eyes, why don't you hold him; and Williams ran away; I am sure of that.
I belong to St. Giles's watch-house: on Saturday, Whitsun eve, the prosecutor came in crying, and by his description we knew the prisoner; I took him the 16th of June, in Russel-street, and he was committed.
I only assisted in searching him.
I assisted in apprehending him.
My lord, I believe this boy has been bribed to take my life away falsely.
