I am in partnership with Jacob and John Wrench, seedsmen , in Lower Thames-street; the prisoner was my father's apprentice , he had lived with us three years before he was bound apprentice, we took him in from Bridge Ward Charity-school; I had an apprentice of the name of Griffiths, he left my service in the second week of September, before his apprenticeship had expired. I cannot say that we missed any property, it is only from information that we know any thing of it; I apprehended the prisoner behind my counter, on Saturday the 7th of October, and in consequence of further information, I sent a constable down to Ware to search the house of Griffiths. I attended the second exa mination before the Lord-Mayor, when the articles mentioned in this indictment were produced.
Did you, or any person there, make him any promise, or threat, to induce him to confess?
No.
Was it not taken in writing?
I cannot say; but I believe it was not.
I asked him what articles he had taken from our house; and I recollect mentioning thyme, marjorum, or sage; I asked him if he had taken any bags; he said, he had taken half a dozen of half-peck linen bags; and he was afterwards committed.
Do you know the prisoner's hand-writing?
Yes.
Look at those letters and papers?
They are every one his hand writing. His box was searched in my presence, and in it was found Bank notes and bills to the\\ amountof 70l. three of them were promissory notes, one for 21l. 2s. 6d. the other two for four guineas each; upon a further search we found a roll, containing sixty six guineas.
Did you not say any thing like this-you know you are before the Magistrate, and it is of no use to conceal any thing?
I did not tell him any such thing.
You did not offer him any money, if he would confess?
No.
Is there any other person interested in the business, besides those you have named?
None.
I take it that it is impossible for you to swear to seeds?
Certainly.
When you sell seeds in your shop, do you send them in sacks with marks upon them?
Yes; if Mr. Knapp were to order any mark to be put upon the sacks, I should mark \"Mr. Knapp\" upon it.
If I had happened to be a customer, there would have been nothing strange in finding a sack at my house marked in the same way that other sacks are marked, that are sent to your customers?
No.
Had you any dealings with a person of the name of Lee, at Ware?
There is an occurrence upon our file of that kind.
With a Mr. George Lee ?
Yes.
Who did that person turn out to be?
My apprentice of the name of Thomas Griffiths .
Do you know the prisoner?
I do; I went three times to the house of Mr. Robertson, Bell-alley, Coleman-street, by the order of John North.
I live in Blue Harp-court, Bell alley, Coleman-street.
Do you know a person of the name of Griffiths?
Yes; he lived with Mr. Wrench, and afterwards, at Ware, in Hertfordshire, by the name of Lee; the prisoner has been in the habit of\\ send\\ ing me parcels to send with things that I have bought for Griffiths's private use down to Ware, in Hertfordshire. Mrs. Tolley has brought me things from North; I was not in the habit of opening the parcels.
Did you ever receive any letter from the prisoner?
Yes.
Tell me if you ever received that letter from him?
It seems to correspond with what he has sent me.
Upon your oath have you never conversed with him upon the subject of that letter?
I believe it came from North.
Who did you send these parcels to?
To Lee.
You never examined the contents of the parcels?
No, only the India corn.
You come here in custody now, don't you?
Yes.
And you saved yourself from being prosecuted by giving the account that you did?
Not that I know of.
Do you not believe now that you should have been tried for this offence, if you had not turned King's evidence?
I don't doubt but I might have been tried, but it would have been innocently done. I took the Indian corn down to Ware myself.
In point of fact, had not Lee left a sum of money in your hands for the purchase of different things?
He had.
Had you ever made any purchase for him at Mr. Wrench's?
None; I had money for the purpose of that and other things.
I am a constable; I went down to Ware, and brought Lee to town in custody; he turned out to be Thomas Griffiths; I searched the house, and brought some things away; we only searched the shop at first, we did not go up stairs.
These things were all found at Ware?
Yes.
Not in the prisoner's possession?
No.
Did you hear the prisoner say how he came by the money that was found?
He said he got it by insuring in the lottery.
This parcel of sage seed and this of endive seed have the hand-writing of the prisoner upon them, who was our servant.
Every thing that the prisoner sold would have such sort of memorandums upon them?
I never remember an instance of putting a memorandum inside the parcel.
You appear in one instance to have had a customer of the name of Lee, whom you did not know?
Yes.
I believe it is regular to mark the parcels outside?
Yes.
You would not have dealt with this Lee if you had known who he was?
Certainly not; he was a runaway apprentice of mine.
How long had the prisoner lived with you?
About six years.
