Last Monday week I lost the things. In consequence of a person that gather rents of some houses that belong to me, coming to my house with a woman, I understood that the man had taken some materials out of my yard. The prisoner is a tenant, rents the house of me; I sent my foreman down with this woman to the place, for that he knew my property better than I did.
I am a foreman in the carpentry line to Mr. James. I found this property on the prisoner's premises, on Monday the 25th of November, about twelve o'clock. I found the batten, quartering, and the scantling, in the day time; they were found in Dale-street, Mile-End New Town, in a shed that he was building.
Did you ever see him work at it?
By the information that the woman gave, I saw these things in a shed; the cupboard we found on him in the street, at six o'clock at night, the same evening, in Dale-street. The same evening,(Monday night) when he was taken before a magistrate he confessed every thing that he had done.
Was that confession taken in writing?
It was.
Did he say any thing about this cupboard in the street?
He said he was going to take it away, when we asked him what he was going to do with it.
What may be the value of all these things?
I suppose fourteen or fifteen shilings; we never brought a quarter of the property away, that was on his premises.
Do you know where this property came from?
It must come out of Mr. James's yard; here is a piece now in court, which we cut down with a saw, a bit of scantling the boy cut down; I saw him cut it; and marked it for him myself.
What was the mark made with?
With chalk.
Is that chalk on it now?
It could not be, because it was cut down with a saw.
How do you know it was the same scantling?
Because I will swear to the piece by the size; and there is a mark in the end of two nail holes.
Where was this scantling kept?
In a shed, in Mr. James's yard, Newinn yard, Shoreditch .
How far was this from where you found it?
Near a mile, if not more. There is a piece of batten, that we had several hundred feet of it; there is no particular mark on it, I can swear to the batten being Mr. James's property, because we have pieces in the yard of the same sort.
Do you suppose there is no batten about London of the same sort as your's?
No, I do not suppose there is.
What is the singularity of it?
It is three inches thick and six inches wide.
Can you swear to it by that? is there any thing else that you know?
I can swear to the quartering, it is three inches by four.
Is that any thing remarkable?
It is Scotch fir.
There is a good deal of Scotch fir about town?
Not much. There is no particular mark on it. The cupboard I took down myself out of an old house, it is painted on one side.
Where did you see it last, before you saw it in the possession of the prisoner?
The last time I saw it, was in Mr. James's yard.
Can you swear to that from the appearance of it? What was the colour of it?
It was white when it was painted, I suppose; it is only painted on one side, it is rough on the other.
I am Mr. James's porter. I was coming up New-inn yard with Mr. Halson and I met the prisoner with the cupboard in his hand, and I said you have got my master's cupboard; yes, says he, I have; says he, let us go and have a pot of beer together; I immediately called Mr. Halson we went to Mr. Saunders's house, the prisoner, I, and Mr. Halson together, he went with us, from there we went to the justice's.
Now independent of what past at at the justice's do you know any thing of the batten quartering or scantling?
No, I cannot swear it is my master's property.
Had you ever seen this cupboard on Mr. James's premises?
Yes. I have, it has been a white paint turned rather yellow.
I understood from you that your people knew more of this property?
I can swear to the batten.
Did you ever see it in Dale-street?
I did not.
With regard to the cupboard can you swear that?
As for my own part I am seldom or ever in the yard, I believe it to be my property, it was taken down out of a public house.
I bring the cupboard here, I carried it to Mr. James's warehouse and brought it out of Mr. James's warehouse to bring it here; I believe it to be the same.
Supposing you had seen it at another part of the town should you have known it to be your's?
I cannot say I should.
I have nothing to say but what it is my own, there is nothing brought here but what is my own, it is my property, I bought it in Ratcliff-highway of a man who brought it about in a cart.
I am a gun smith, the prisoner is my father; I am come to speak to a fact; this man have taken several pieces of the premises as belonging to Mr. James as belongs to me; I live in East Smithfield.
Where was your property?
On my father's premises, I left it there, they have taken it away to Mr. James's.
