I am a linen draper, shopman to Mr. King, Beech-street, Barbican, (No. 35.) On the 27th of May the prisoner at the bar came in and asked for some cloth, between three and four o'clock, her husband was with her; I sold her two small quantities of cloth, she then wanted some cotton for a child's frock; while I was shewing her the cotton, or measuring it out, one of the two, she dropped a halfpenny, and she stooped to pick it up, and I observed she was longer than necessary in that posture; when she arose from stooping I observed a kind of bulk under her cloak, that I had not observed before; she had two cloaks on, and she appeared very much in liquor; when she got up I looked very earnestly at her, and she seemed rather confused, I did not say any thing to her at that moment, but I put up the goods they bought in paper, and gave them to her or her husband, I don't know which, and her husband gave me half a guinea to give him change out of it, I took the half guinea, I did not give him the change immediately, on account I wished to detain them a little while, as the shop was full of customers, till the shop might be freer of customers, that I might speak to a person that was in the shop, what to do, in the mean time the woman went away; I asked her husband where she was gone, he said he did not know; I communicated my suspicion to Mr. Hurd, an elder person in the shop, he desired me to go after the woman the way I thought she went, and I went to the public house next door but two to us, and there she sat drinking a pint of beer; I asked her if she would be so good as to walk into our house again, she immediately complied, she came back readily, and I told her that I thought she had taken away with her more than her own; she threw back her clock immediately, and said she was not such a person, and hoped we would be more careful whom we accused next time; I told her if I was wrong I begged her pardon, and the change was given to her husband, and she and her husband went out, and she went to the same public house again; and I still persisted with Mr. Hurd that my suspicions was not ill founded, and he went directly after them.
Alley. You say this woman readily went back with you. Is Mr. King here?
No, he is not.
Have you a good many shopmen?
Only three.
There was a good many customers in the shop at the time?
There may be three or four.
Was Mr. King in the shop at the time?
No.
What are you?
linen draper.
Do you conduct the business for Mr. King?
Yes, a manager, he is the whole and sole proprietor.
What is Mr. King's name?
Joseph King.
Mr. Helus said something to you which induced you to follow a man and woman out of the house?
I sent Mr. Helus after the woman, I was got up to the door, and see Mr. Helus bring her out of the public house, Mr. Cooke's, the corner of White Cross street; I see Mr. Helus and the prisoner at the bar come out there both together; he brought her into the shop, I told her that I had a very strong reason to think that she had got some property of ours, which did not belong to her; she immediately assured me she had not, and seemed very ready to be searched; she had got two cloaks on, a black one and a red one; she seemed to throw them both entirely aside, so that I could see all round, and laid her hand down, and said we were very welcome, any in the house, to search her; from what observation I could make, there did not appear to be any thing of any bulky nature of consequence, she was not searched; after she was gone Mr. Helus comes up to me, and said, I am certain, or I am sure she has got something; I said then why have you let her go; I gave him no other answer, but went out myself; I went to the public house, I went up to the landlord, who was in his bar. I found the woman in a box by herself, I told her I was not at all satisfied about the business after all, for I found that the had brought a parcel into the public house, which she had not with her when she went from us, as I could perceive; I was determined I told her to see it; she told me she knew nothing of a parcel or bundle, she knew nothing what I meant; I repeated the same words over again, and told her if she did not produce it I would charge Mr. Cooke, the constable, who was the landlord of the house, with her; he immediately came up, and I gave charge of her; she immediately says, then what parcel is it you want? is this the parcel you want? pointing to her foot; I looked round and see a piece of cotton lay down on the ground, close by her feet; I immediately stooped down, and took it up, and found our private marks on it; the constable has got it.
Alley. After you had searched this woman in the shop, did you hear her say to her husband that she was going back to the public house?
I did not.
Pray do you know how this public house in situated?
There are four boxes in it.
Is there any communication from one box to another?
Not that I know of.
I keep the King's Arms, Whitecross-street; I was in my bar, and Mr. Hurd came in, I cannot tell the day of the month, he asked me if there was not a woman that came in with a parcel? I told him there was a woman in the box that had a parcel with her, and I went along with Mr. Hurd, and shewed him where the woman was, and the parcel was laid by her.
Was any body else with her?
No, nobody at all; Mr. Hurd then gave me charge of her, Mr. Hurd went round, and took the parcel from the side of her, and gave it me into my possession.
Alley. Do you mean to say that it was laying by the side of her?
When I went in it was laying by the side of her.
Does not the bottom of these seats communicate one with another?
Yes, they do, there is room enough for a dog to go under from box to box.
You went before the Lord Mayor at this examination?
Yes, I did.
This poor woman's husband was there?
Yes, he was.
Was any body in that other settle, next to where this woman sat?
Nobody sat in the other box on the other side.
I can swear to its being Mr. King's property, it has a private mark on it, my own making, on Wednesday morning, as it was lost in the afternoon; this is the same that I picked up from the ground when I went in, and it was laying on our counter when the man and woman came in, I had just unfolded it to shew a lady that came in for something to make a boy's striped waistcoat.
When you picked it up, was it on the seat, or down by her feet?
I only see it but once, and it was down by her feet, I see her before the landlord came up, I went round twice to her, and asked her for it before Mr. Cooke came up.
Alley. At this time there were some customers in your shop?
Yes.
Were not you serving some of your customers?
Yes.
Who served this poor woman?
Mr. Helus.
And yet you take on yourself to say that that bundle was on the counter when that prisoner came in?
Yes, it might for five minutes.
Might not some other customer take it as well as that woman?
I knew it was on the counter when she came in, and the next time I see it it was at her feet.
Were you not employed in serving customers when that poor woman came into the shop?
Yes, one customer.
Now I suppose you were occupied in serving and shewing your goods, and I dare say you are very police and genteel in praising your articles?
Undoubtedly I might, as all other tradesmen will do, I can swear that that was on the counter when the man and woman came in.
I happened to be coming into the public house, and I see the piece of linen laying under the bench of the settle in the tap room of Mr. Cook's house, and I asked the prisoner whose it was? and the prisoner said it was her's. I believe it may be about four o'clock, as near as I can tell. Soon after that Mr. Hurd came in while I was there.
When Mr. Hurd came in did he claim the piece?
Yes; he came in, as far as I could understand, to see what piece she had, and he took it from her.
The piece that she claimed as her property, was that the same that Mr. Hurd took?
I don't know, it might possibly be the same piece.
Was there any other piece there?
Not that I know of.
Do you know whether he claimed the same piece?
I think it was. I have not any particular doubt; but it is so long time ago.
I am asking you whether that piece that Mr. Hurd claimed was the same that she spoke of before as being her's?
Yes, that was the same piece that I detected on her certainly.
Alley. How long had you been in this public house?
A few minutes before Mr Hurd came in.
Was there any body by at this conversation between you and the woman?
Not at all; she was in a box by her self.
Give me leave to ask you who are you?
I am a painter by trade.
Where do you live?
Whitecross-street, Cripplegate, right opposite Mr. Lewis, the organ builder and turner; I cannot tell the number of the house; I have lived there now going on six years.
Can you tell me whose house you live at?
Mr. Page's.
Are you a married man?
Yes, My wife and I don't live together.
Was there any body in the public house besides you and this woman?
O, yes, but I cannot pretend to say who or what they were.
Whereabouts did you sit at the time that this gentleman came in?
I was not sitting, I was but just come in.
You might be afraid that that gentleman would attribute that this bundle night have been laid on you?
I will grant you that.
Don't you think that your saying the poor woman acknowledged it to be her's that you clear yourself of the chance of accusation on the subject?
I don't think I do.
To Helus. I believe when this poor woman was questioned about taking the property, she told you that she saw some body going out of the shop with a bundle?
I don't know that.
You have not all your shopmen here to day?
No, I have not.
I leave it to my counsel.
Court to Hurd. What is the value of that cotton?
Two pounds sixteen shillings.
