I keep a coal-shed ; I know nothing of the affair.
I am servant to Henry Davis : I was walking out in the evening with my mistress's two children and a neighbour's child, in St. Martin's-lane; three young men followed me through Ducke's Court, one, which was the prisoner, keep close to me, and when I got into Castle-street, the two behind whistled, and I saw no more of them till I got to Green-street , and there I saw the prisoner again; he told me I should lose the child's hat; I said, no, I should not, for it was fastened on; he told me, that house, where there was a light, was duke somebody's house, I turned my head, and he ran away with the coral in his hand, the string was cut or broke; I cried out, and he was brought back to me directly; the coral was afterwards found.
How old are you?
Seventeen.
What age are the children?
One six months, and the other four years and a half old.
Did your mistress know that you were out at that time of night with so young a child?
I do not know.
Were you ever out so late with them before?
No.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
No.
Where did you live before you came to Mrs. Davis?
With Mrs. Chilton.
Did you walk out in Leicester-fields, while you lived with her?
No.
You had never been addressed before by young men?
Yes; when I have been going of an errand.
Then it was not very extraordinary you should be addressed by young men now; it was night, was not it?
It was a beautiful moonlight night.
Did he attempt to kiss the child?
No.
He did not attempt to be rude to you?
No.
He did not attempt to salute you?
No, nor never attempted to touch me.
You do not know where the coral was found?
No.
A great many young men in the street at the time?
Yes.
And other ladies besides yourself walking the streets?
There might.
I am clerk to the secretary of the Imperial Ambassador: I was passing through Leicester-fields, in company with a friend, I heard a cry of stop thief, and the screams of a woman, which alarmed me, and I immediately run to the spot; I observed the prisoner running very swist, and I went up to him; he was brought back to this girl, and she charged him with snatching the coral; he said, my dear, what do you want with me, I have nothing of your's; I understood the coral was thrown over the rails; I was present when it was picked up upon the grass-plat.
The prisoner said, my dear, in that familiar sort of way?
Yes.
I was in company with the last witness; I found the coral inside of the railing of Leicester-fields.
I took charge of the prisoner.
It cost me twelve shillings about twelve years ago; it is mine.
