The prisoner at the bar was in my service as a baker ; I was sent for last Saturday, and I saw him in the custody of the constable; the constable has got the property, it is pewter.
Was you able from the view of the pewter, that was produced to you, to identify any part of the property there?
I have brought some plates, which have exactly the same mark, I think they are my property.
Had you lost some of the same kind of property?
I understand so from my man.
I am a servant to Mr. Miles, the prosecutor. I know my master having lost some pewter plates.
Did you see some?
Yes, there were some, but they are chopt all to pieces now; there is a part of the rim of a dish; to the best of my knowledge they are master's property.
Are you able to ascertain they are your master's property? Have you had often opportunities of seeing them?
Yes.
Have you got no mark on them?
There is no mark on them, but the pewterer's mark. I am the butcher, and I cut out on them every day.
I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner at the bar, in Shoreditch, facing my own door.
How far from the prosecutor's house?
Four or five hundred yards, or better; I found on him this pewter, that I have got; he had got it in a pail, which they usually take to get their yeast in, it was all cut to pieces as it is now. I have kept it ever since.
Had you any conversation with the prisoner at the time you took him?
Afterwards I had; I took him about two o'clock, or half after, last Saturday; while I was sitting in the public house with him, because the magistrate was gone to dinner, says he, I will give you a guinea, if you will let me go about my business.
Was you foolish enough to make him any promise?
No, I threatened him, that he should see the face of the justice before I could do any thing. He said, the pewter was his own, and if I would take the pewter and the guinea, I might let him go; I did not chuse to do that, but I took him before a justice.
Oh, your honour! that is as big a falsity as ever was spoke; what a lying old man that must be.
I am a servant to Mr. Miles, and have been many years.
Do you know his pewter?
Yes.
Should you know it, if you was to see it again? Look at that pewter, and tell the gentlemen of the jury, whether you know it?
I have looked at it before, and I have compared it with Mr. Miles's other plates, and from what knowledge I have of it. I think it is my master's property to the best of my knowledge.
There is a rim of a pewter dish, have you seen that?
I have, and think it belongs to my master.
Look at the plates again?
I think it is my master's property; I have cut out on them so long, and there is the same mark on some of the plates, as on my master's plates.
Did your master lose any property to the number of those that were found in this man's pail?
We have lost a good many, but how many I don't know.
How long did he live in your master's service?
About a fortnight or three weeks.
Was all the property lost in that fortnight or three weeks?
All that we know.
Have you the dish that the rim belonged to?
Yes.
I would be glad to know, if they lost none, but in this fortnight or three weeks; because I lived there about two years and three quarters before, and then, while I was there, they were always losing plates. Mr. Miles has trusted me with many a twenty and thirty pound note to change. I might as well have robbed him of plate as pewter; I have been in London these twenty-five years; I have been a master and journeyman, I have never been summoned in a riot, arrested, nor served with a warrant, nor any thing these twenty-five years. I lived with Mr. Miles, two years and three quarters ago, for six or seven months, and Mr. Miles cannot say any thing against me; I have been a master for myself; and this is some old pewter that I had left.
Does any man that is a proprietor of pewter, break it all to pieces?
I meant to sell it; the value of it was not above two or three shillings; it is very hard to prosecute such an old man as me, when I have saved him thirty or forty pounds in flour.
What is Mr. Miles?
He keeps a private mad-house.
