Did you go with any company there?
I paid two shillings for the lodgings for the night, it was a private house.
Whereabouts is this lodging house?
I cannot say to the number of the house, it is in Fleet-lane,
In what room did you lodge?
cannot say how many pair of stairs of the house.
Was you sober?
I had bee sober, I went to bed, and I doubled th breeches under my head, and laid in regimental coat on the bed, and this grea coat on the bed, and my hat on them the gloves lay in my regimental coat pocket.
This guinea and three half guineas, where were they?
In the right hand sob of my leather breeches.
You are sure that these breeches, with this money, was under your head?
Yes; when I awoke in the morning, it was between seven and eight in the morning, and I saw my regimentals tossed about the room, my hat in one place, one regimental coat in another place, and this great coat in another place; I just turned down the bed to see whether I had my breeches under my head, and I missed my breeches from under my head, directly I made a rout about my breeches; there was a woman sleeping in the same bed, it was her lodgings.
Where did you get acquainted with this woman?
At the very next door, she carried me to this house, I knew nothing of the house myself.
When you went to bed did the woman go to bed too?
Yes.
Did she remain in bed as long as you remained awake?
She did.
When you awoke was the woman in bed or was she gone?
She was in bed.
Was there any body else in this room?
Yes, there was another woman in the room and in the same bed.
Were they both there when you sell asleep?
Not before I fell asleep.
When you awoke were both the women there?
They were.
Were there any other people in the room besides you three?
No, none when I went to bed.
When you found you missed your breeches what did you say?
I told them no strangers could come into the room to take the breeches; they said stop, here for an hour and we will find the man that has took the breeches, I went to the next door without my small clothes, and the person there said, he would find a man that would find him directly, and the two women brought the prisoner at the bar and said that he took the breeches, they brought him before eleven o'clock, as we came down stairs out of the room after we had been and searched it with the constable; we met him and them just at the foot of the stairs coming up into the room, but I see none of my property taken from him.
Did you ever see him in the room at all, or any where in that house where you slept?
I had not.
Have you ever seen your breeches since, or your gloves?
I have seen the breeches, I got them the same day at Guildhall from the hands of the constable that took them, Dawson.
That was the day after you was robbed?
I believe it was the very morning.
How did you know that the breeches that you see at the magistrate's to be your's?
Yes, I knew them because I bought them in Ireland, and wore them in Ireland and brought them here.
Have you tried them on since?
I have and they fit me the same.
Besides that, is there any thing remarkable about them that you know them by?
There is a string cut off on the right knee, and a button broke on the left, and where I tore them on ship board.
As for this money, when had you last seen this money?
About ten minutes before I went to bed, I put it into my pocket, I paid two shillings for the night's lodging out of it.
Did you look at this gold at the time that you paid the two shillings for your lodgings?
Yes, about ten or fifteen minutes before.
How came you to look at your money?
I got change for half a guinea then I put the silver into my sob; I saw it after I had been in company with these girls but not after I had been in the room.
I want to know exactly when it was you saw this money before you went up into the room?
It was in the lobby, outside of their room door.
Are you positive that you put it then into your fob?
I am.
Did the girls see you put it into your fob?
No, they did not, for I denied that I had any gold with them, and left my furlow till the morning.
Have you ever seen your gloves since?
Yes, at the same time that the breeches were seized, the gloves were seized, I see them at Guildhall.
You had never seen this man before?
No.
Do you live in Fleet-lane?
No. I know John Dailey the irishman.
Where did you meet with him?
I never met with him at all; I was with this young woman two or three nights and I went to bed, and this young man and woman came to bed; I was not in bed when the gentleman came into the room, but I went to bed and I went to sleep before they came to bed, I never waked till morning.
What happened when you awoke in the morning?
We were altogether, I don't know who awoke first.
Was there any thing said about this man's breeches?
The gentleman asked for his breeches, and the young woman went to give him them, as I thought, and she said she could not find them.
Did he tax you or the woman with having them?
No, he did not me, he accused the other young woman, Rebecca Taylor, with having them; this Rebecca Taylor said that she had a suspicion of this Sullivan taking them, and she asked me to go to this Sullivan's; I did not know that he had the breeches.
What time did you go with her to Sullivan's?
About nine o'clock in the morning.
Where did you two find the prisoner?
In White's-yard, Saffron-hill.
What became of the prisoner, and you two?
He followed us as far as Fleet-lane, and came to Fleet-lane, and then Mr. Jostling took us.
Was Dailey with the constable when the constable took you?
Yes.
You went to bed first, did you see any breeches put under the bolster?
I was very heavy to sleep, and went to sleep directly.
When the man came into the room he was dressed, was not he?
Yes, he was.
Did he bring any other clothes with him, than what he came with?
No, no bundle at all.
Who paid for the room?
There was nobody paid for the room at all, he gave two shillings for something to drink, but nothing for the room.
Did you see the gloves there at all?
I never saw them till I saw them with the constable at Guildhall.
I saw him at the Elephant and Castle, a public house in Fleet-lane.
Was he drunk or sober?
I cannot say, for I did not know him before, he appeared sober.
Did you take him to your lodging?
Yes.
Had he any bundle with him, or only his dress that he had on?
Only what he had on.
When he went to bed what did he do with his breeches?
He said he put them under his head, I did not see him, I went down stairs to speak to a young woman in the two pair of stairs.
Did he bring any gloves with him? Did you see any gloves?
I did not, that young woman was in bed, and he was getting into bed when I came up, and I went and undressed myself and went to bed; in the morning, the things were missing; I had a suspicion of that young man having them.
Who did Dailey accuse of having them?
He did not accuse any body, I am sure of that.
When he lost his breeches did not he say that you had taken them away?
He said nobody else could have them, but them that were in the room; I told him I would try to get them him in an hour, and he went away with a great coat wrapped about him; I knew nobody else but the prisoner could come into the room, because nobody else knew the way.
Was the door fastened?
The prisoner had been in the room, because he slept there on the Wednesday night with me, and he knew that the lock was broke, and how I faitened the door.
Had any body been in the room besides you three, this night that this man lost the things?
No.
Then having this suspicion of the man did you go to the prisoner's lodgings, you and Cox?
Yes, about eight o'clock in the morning, and he came down with us to our landlord, with me and Cox, and we were taken into custody.
Had you told him what he was to come there for?
Yes, I told him we had missed the breeches; he d-d us, he said he would come and tell my landlady that I had robbed the man of his breeches, and wanted to alledge it on him.
Do you know whether these breeches have ever been found?
I went along with the two constables, and they found them in a back room, in a house in White's-yard, Saffron-hill.
Did you ever see him in that room?
That was the room the young woman brought him from; I was afraid to go down, for fear he should ill use me.
Was the other woman present when the breeches were found?
NO, she was in the Compter.
I want to ask her which room the breeches were found in, because I live in the front room, and there is a back room besides.
I am a servant to Mr. Newman, of the New Compter; I found the things, Saturday week last, the day of the robbery in the night, about ten o'clock in the morning, I found them in White Hart-yard, in a room up two pair of stairs, in Saffron-hill; it was said that they were the lodgings belonging to the woman that cohabited with the prisoner; I was only informed so, it was not either of these women, these women live in Fleet-lane.
Did Cox go with you to the room?
I believe she was in the front room.
Was it on Cox's information that you went there for the breeches?
Yes, to shew us the house where he lodged at.
Did she only shew you the house, or the room?
The room up two pair of stairs; there was a woman, Elizabeth Hughes there, in a back room, and I found the breeches in a room that she came out of.
Were there any body else in that room but Hughes?
Yes, there were three altogether at breakfast.
Did you see the prisoner in that room?
No, the prisoner was in the Compter at the time.
Have you kept these breeches ever since?
No, the man begged of me, before the magistrate, to have the breeches, that he had no other breeches to wear. Jostling made a mark on them.
You delivered them to Jostling did you?
Yes.
Which room was it that you found the breeches in?
In the two pair of stairs back room, where Hughes came out of, and where the women were at breakfast.
Do you know by his description where the things were found?
Do you know the room which these breeches were found in?
In the back room, up two pair of stairs; I was in the front room; I went with the constable two pair of stairs, into the front room.
Did you know who that two pair of stairs back room belonged to?
Hughes was in the room where you found the breeches?
She came out of that room.
Where were the other women at breakfast?
In the back room, the breeches were taken from the same room.
Do you know any thing about where the breeches were taken from?
I do not, the prisoner acknowledged to taking the breeches, but he denied the money, as he was coming to Newgate.
Did he know you was an officer?
Yes, because I put him in the Compter; I was talking to him about the three half guineas, and guinea, that he had better bring that forward; I told him that I was sure if he had the breeches, he must have the money, he said he had the breeches, but he had not the money.
You had told him that he had better bring that forward?
I had.
