Between five and six on Thursday the 21st of November, I was just then at tea, I heard the movement of some buckles, which I thought it might be the cat, I looked up and I saw the prisoner at the bar with the bundle under his arm, I live at the first house in Petty France, it is called York-street now , I was not at that time above four yards off from him, I ran after him immediately, and never lost sight of him till he dropped the bundle, I stooped to pick up the bundle, still I pursued the prisoner, and saw that it was the same man that was in my shop with the bundle under his arm; in stooping to pick up the bundle I immediately looks up and saw the same man that had dropped the bundle, and pursued him till he was stopped by somebody else. I am sure the prisoner is the man that I saw with this bundle, I had never seen him before. When he was stopped, the person that stopped him asked me if that was the same man? I said yes. The prisoner at the bar said, what then! you have found no property on me; the answer I made was, but you are the person that dropped the property; and then he was carried to the magistrate. The linen is here, they are all new things, they have never been out of my care since, every thing is marked that my wife might know how to sell them.
I have nothing to say.
I live in the Broadway, Westminster; I am a soldier in the guards, but a leather dresser by trade, it was between five and six o'clock, I went into Tothill-street for the candle, coming back I heard the cry of stop thief by two or three people, as I thought; I came a little farther and I saw the prisoner at the bar running up; I immediately stepped up to him, and lays hold of him by the collar, says I, I heard the cry of stop thief, and I suppose you to be the thief; he made very little resistance, he said, what have you to do with me? you will find nothing about me. The prosecutor, Mr. Lawrence, coming up I asked him if that was the man that had robbed him? he said it was; we immediately took him to the office in Queen-street that same night.
I was coming along the same time as they were calling stop thief, and I happened to be the first man coming along, and that man stopped me.
