I live at No. 43, Chamber-street, Goodman's fields , I keep a house there; I work for Mr. Russel, in Houndsditch, I am a shoe cutter , I work at Mr. Russel's, No. 54.
Is any business carried on at your own house?
I have a business there that my wife carries on, in the shoe way; I have the shoes of my master. On Sunday morning the 2d of June , between the hours of one and two, I was alarmed by the next door neighbours calling my name Shortman, thieves' I heard nothing before, I put on my clothes as soon as I could, and went down stairs, and found my door open, I am certain it was bolted when I went to bed, I cannot say it was locked. The tiles were taken off the top of the house, the rafters broke; he had gone into the house, and had taken a copper from the house, he had put a flour bag into the copper, which I had received from my cousin who serves me with flour, and I was not taken away. The tiles were off and the rafters broke.
How long had it been in that condition?
The landlord had mended it but two days before; I know it was whole when I went to bed; the tiling had been fresh pointed two days before. These tiles were taken off and the rafters broke after I went to bed; there were five tiles taken off, there was a hole large enough for a large man to get in.
Did you miss any thing besides?
Nothing else. He carried the copper away on my neighbours premises.
When had you seen that bag before?
On Saturday, my wife emptied the flour out of it. That flour bag was in my possession, it was in the house, it was not in the copper when he took the copper out.
Where did the copper stand?
It stood the further end of the kitchen, near the chimney, I had it fixed up about six or eight months ago, it was fixed by brick and mortar, it cost me twelve shillings the fixing of it, I had a bricklayer to do it. He wrenched it out, and he pulled it entirely out.
This was between one and two o'clock when you got up?
It was.
Do you know who bolted the door?
I bolted the door myself.
What does your family consist of?
My wife and child. There is another lady in the house, but she was in bed. I was not in bed till near one, as it was Saturday night, and we do not leave business till twelve Saturday night.
Where did you find these things when you got up?
I found it in my neighbour's yard, the sack and copper.
Did you find the man or any body else?
I did not see the man till I see the watchman bring him in, which was as soon as I got down almost, the neighbours opened their door, and I went in and the watchman brought him in, he said he caught him on the wall.
Did you know him before?
I did not he was a stranger to me, my wife saw him on Saturday afternoon.
I live near the last witness. On Sunday morning between one and two, my mother was up, and she came to me and told me there was somebody in the yard, accordingly I went to the window and did not see any thing, and was going back again, but turning back again I see my next door neighbour's door open; Mr. Shortman's. I directly hallooed out Shortman, watchman, thieves. The watchman being in the other street heard a noise, he came running down the street, my father being at the front window, shewed him the way behind, when I found the watchman was coming I saw the prisoner at the bar come out of Mr. Shortman's; it was light enough to see any body.
When did you see him come out of Shortman's?
On the first alarm I made to Mr. Shortman. Shortman, thieves! I observed the door was open; this was before he came out; the pales are low which parts the two yards, and I see him get over the pales out of Shortman's into my father's yard We have tools that are called a spokeshea and a mallet; when I see him getting over the pales I flung a spokeshea at him, he then attempted to get up a pig sty. There is a pig sty in the yard to get on, to get on to the wall by that, I then flung out a mallet; I was above stairs all this while at the window, and flung it at him, the man then fell from the wall into our yard again, my father went down finding the watchman was gone round to assist him, and I went down to assist my father and did not see him in the yard, but immediately as I got down I heard the watchman say, I have got him; he said he had got him getting over the wall.
When you see him come out had he, or had he not any thing with him?
I did not see him with any thing at all
Did you see afterwards the copper and the flour bag?
I did, they were in our yard, just by our gate.
Did you see them before you came down stairs, or not till after?
Not till after.
Was he in such a part of the the yard that you could have seen him from the window?
No, he was not.
Did you know the prisoner before?
No, never saw the man before.
I was very much in liquor. - He rather seemed to be in liquor.
Did or did you not observe that the man that came out of the house had the appearance of being in liquor or sober?
I did not.
Then you think he had the appearance of being in liquor when you see him? what distance is Mr. Shortman's door from your window?
Not far, I saw his face plump, for when I flung the spokeshea he turned round and looked at me; I could not be so positive to his countenance as to his dress, size and appearance altogether. I do think it is the same and am sure of it.
My wife made an alarm of thieves. I got up to the fore window and hallooed out watch! watch! while my son was calling out thieves! in the back way; I told the watchman to go up the gateway as fast as he could, accordingly he did, and I and my son both went down stairs in our shirts, the man got out of our yard and we opened our gate and the watchman brought him in, Mr. Shortman and the constable took him to Whitechapel watch-house; I saw the copper in the yard, I did not mind the bag, I thought it was our copper at first.
I am the watchman, it was about half past one I heard an alarm of thieves, and immediately went to assist up the yard, and found this prisoner making his escape from Nellum's yard, I immediately laid hold of him and took him to Nellum's yard, I had some suspicion there were some more in the yard, after that I took him to the watch-house.
Did you see any thing of the copper and the bag?
Yes, I saw the copper in the yard.
Did you take them into your possession?
I did not take them.
Had you the copper and bag?
I had. The person that sent the flour rent for the bag and he has it. I have neither copper nor bag here.
I took him to the watch-house and searched him and found on him a couple of knives, a gimblet and a steel.
He says he took a gimblet out of my pocket which I never saw in my life.
He threw away the gimblet when I was taking him to the watch-house, and I picked it up, I see him throw it away.
I know nothing of the affair I am as innocent as a child unborn. I am destitute of friends; I am a seaman brought up to the sea out of America.
