Did you at any time lose any property?
Yes, on Monday night last, at half after eight o'clock, it was left by the coachman at the Saracen's Head, he took it at the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill .
You heard the indictment read, were all those things taken there, four linen shirts, &c. &c.?
Yes.
What was the value of all the things?
They are all valued.
Can not you form a guess what the value was?
About twenty-five pounds.
Now tell us where these things were?
We gave a man a couple of pence to get a coach to put these things at the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill, and told the coachman to drive to the pump in Piccadilly; when he came to the pump he came down, and I got out of the coach to pay him, I gave him half a crown and told him to give me a shilling change; he said he had no change to give me; and I went about five or six yards off to a light to give him some change, for fear of giving him a guinea, and he took the saddle bags and things, while I went to the light to get the money for him; I left the coach door open and the coachman against it, and when I came back to give him the eighteen-pence he told me they had stole my saddle bags and gone off with them; I told the coachman to look after them; the coachman said, go and look after them yourself, I don't know where he is gone; I said I would insist on the coachman to go to the justice, and some gentlemen took my part, and said, that the coachman should drive me to the justice.
Who was the coachman?
Thomas Kidman .
That is the prisoner?
Yes. The justice was not there, it being after the office hours, it was referred till the next day.
Who put the saddle bags and things into the coach?
The coachman himself put it into the coach.
Did you get off the seat of the coach to look for your money?
Yes; I got out and I turned my back to the coachman for five or six yards.
How soon after you returned was it you missed the saddle bags?
About one minute and a half.
In what situation was he standing at his coach at the time that you came back again?
The coachman was at the coach door as I left him.
Was he standing or sitting?
Standing at the coach door. There was a man rode on the coach box along with the coachman, and the coach went remarkably slow.
You say that there were some gentlemen went with you to the justice's what were their names?
I don't know their names.
Where are these things?
I don't know, they never were found, any of them.
Please you, my lord, I was called to the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill, to take up, about eight o'clock in the evening; the porter brought a pair of saddle bags and a bundle, and put them into the coach himself; the gentleman ordered me to drive him to the pump, Piccadilly; when I got there he got out, he offered me half a crown, told me to give him a shilling; I had none, he put his hand in his pocket and went to the light in a window; immediately as his back was turned his bags were gone; I called to him immediately, I hallooed out stop thief! then he ordered me to drive him to the corner of Shire-lane; then I carried him to the office, and the justice took my number, my mistress's name, and my name. I am innocent; nor did I carry any body on the box.
Did you hear any body call out?
He did not call out after him.
What became of the man on the box?
When he came down Prince's street in order to come down Coventry-street, he was got down.
Was he gone from the coach before the things were stole?
He was gone from the coach about seven or eight minutes before.
