What is your husband's name?
John.
Did you at any time lose any clothes?
I lost them at the time that this prisoner at the bar was in my house; the first time I see her was the 1st of May, and I took her to work for me the fifth.
What was your business?
Japanning. She did not live in my house at that time, she worked a fortnight, and then I took her into the house.
How long did she remain in the house?
month; I missed a white apron and a coloured apron the first week that she came; I missed the next week two cotton handkerchiefs, I did not miss the rest of the things till the day before she was taken; I missed a whole ham, and a silk handkerchief, and a black silk hat, and two pair of japan candlesticks, two japan tea pots, four pewter plates, a flat iron, a white muslin handkerchief, and a neck handkerchief.
When had you seen the ham?
The Saturday week before she was taken up.
You had seen these last things after you had missed the white apron, and the coloured apron?
Yes. We found the muslin handkerchief in her room, and her hat. She did not sleep in my house at all.
Did you go to her lodging?
Yes, I went myself on the 15th.
What did you find there?
A white muslin handkerchief, a snuff box, a black silk hat, and ticket. (The handkerchief produced.) It is mine. The hat was left in the cupboard of her room; we found them altogether in the cupboard; the snuff box handkerchief, and hat.
Where did you find the other things you lost?
We did not find any of them, only the ticket of a silk handkerchief, and I have been at the pawnbroker's and owned it; the pawnbroker has got it, he was not bound over to appear.
You I suppose went in search of the ham?
Yes; I found this muslin handkerchief crammed into the head of a bonnet, or hat, and the snuff box was in a little jar.
I was there of days, but I was not there of nights; I went at seven o'clock in the morning, and staid till eleven o'clock at night; one night it rained and thundered very hard, and I had nothing to come home with, and she lent me the old hat, another night she was leaning on two chairs, and had two or three glasses full of rum, I then asked her to lend me an iron to iron a cap? I took the iron and pawned it for sixpence, being very much distressed; them two neck handkerchiefs she lent me to tie over my head, the night it thundered and lightened.
