I am a hostler .
Did you lose a whip and reins at any time?
Yes, on the 19th of January, Monday; we came up to the Bull, in Holborn , about one o'clock in the day, I stopped to take my horses off, and I took my reins off and threw them into the chaise, I led the horses up the yard, and left the whip and reins in the chaise; I went down the yard to put the horses in the stable.
What was the chaise in the street?
In the street. I was gone but a very little while, I said to my fellow servants, let us go and set the chaises to rights, draw them a little closer together; in the mean time, when I came down, I see the chaise door open, and I looked and see the whip and reins gone, and this gentleman came down and said he saw this lad take them out of the chaise, while I was talking about the loss.
I was looking out of my own window in Holborn, on Monday, the 19th, there were five chaises assembled together for sake of taking some boys down to a school, I see the prisoner at the bar come down the yard, I live only four or five doors off, and he went to the fifth chaise and took the reins out, and the whip; I see him pass the sadler's, which is near there, and it gave me a suspicion; a little while after that I said to my wife, that boy has stole this property, because if they had sent to have them mended, he certainly would have taken them to the sadler's; my wife said, we may as well have our dinner, it is one o'clock; she looks out of window and says, I dare say what you say is right, for they are all assembled about the chaise. I went down and asked the men if they had lost such property or no? they told me they had; and I told them that I see such a person take them out of the chaise, and I went round and I see the prisoner at the bar paying very great attention to the hackney coachmen, about thirty yards from where he took the property; the hostler was with me, and I told him that was the boy that stole his property, and he went and took him up immediately to the public office, Hatton-garden, and he was committed; and that is all I know of the business.
How soon after he had taken the property was it you see the prisoner?
To the best of my recollection it could not be more than three quarters of an hour. I am positive that is the lad.
When you see me take the property, why did not you stop me?
Did these reins belong to you as a hostler?
Yes.
Do you find your own whip and reins?
Yes.
What may be the value of them?
I could not replace them for half a guinea.
I am a working lad, I sell fruit about the streets, and I know nothing what they have alledged against me.
