I am one of the Police-officers of Lambeth-street: On the 18th of February, between four and five in the afternoon, in consequence of an information, I went, in company with Richard Perry, to No. 3, Saunder's-street, Widegate-alley, Bishopsgate-street, it was the house of Debbenham; I waited an hour, or an hour and a half, when I saw Mr. Athill go in, I did not see who let him in; I staid immediately opposite the door till he came out, which was in about a quarter of an hour; when the door was opened, he stood in the passage, and flung this bag over his shoulder, and came out, (produces it) ; I followed him into Bishopsgate-street, and he turned into a Pork-shop, purchased a little bit of pork, tied it in his handkerchief, and went towards home; I followed him a few yards, and took him into custody; I told him I wanted to know what he had in that bag; he said, some silk that he was going to carry to the throwster's; he said it was his own property, and he would punish me for taking him into custody; I then called a coach, and took him to the office, with the silk; I went back to Debbenham's house, and searched, but found nothing; Debbenham denied ever knowing Mr. Athill, or seeing him; I took him into custody, and he was admitted an evidence for the Crown. This is the silk, I have had it ever since, it contains thirteen pounds and a quarter of silk.
This man whom you watched into Debbenham's, staid there about a quarter of an hour?
Yes.
After that he came out?
Yes.
And took the bag upon his shoulders?
Yes.
Afterwards when you attacked him and asked what he had there, he immediately said it was silk, he was carrying to the throwster's?
Yes.
And he said he would punish you for what you were about?
Yes.
You did not take him back to Debbenham's house, that they might see one another?
No; I took him to the office.
I was with Robert Coomes: On Saturday the 18th of February, I saw Mr. Athill go into Sandys-street, to Debbenham's house, he remained there about a quarter of an hour, he had nothing with him, when he went in, he came out with this bag, I saw him throw it over his shoulders, and come into the street; we then followed him into Widegate-alley, where he bought some pork, and then Coomes took him into custody.
I am one of the officers belonging to Lambeth-street; I went, on Saturday the 18th of February, with Smith, to No. 3, Old Montague-street, Whirechapel; Mr. Athill's house we searched, and in the one pair of stairs room we found a great quantity of silk of the same kind with this, some in a closet, some in a drawer, and different colours besides.
Had you any other reason to know that this was Athill's house, but from the information you had received?
Nothing more.
What time was it?
About eight o'clock in the evening, after Mr. Athill was brought to the office.
Mr. Athill is a weaver, is not he?
Yes.
How many looms did you find in the house?
I did not observe any, I was not in every room; I was informed there were some looms, but I did not see them, I had the care of a great many things.
I was with Griffiths; Mr. Athill called me, after he was locked up at the office, and after the officers were gone, and said, you have not got the key where the silk is, and he then gave me the key of a closet up one pair of stairs; he said, up one pair of stairs, behind the bed, there is a little closet, and this key will open it; I opened the closet and found this silk, there was no loom in that room.
Did you go into any other room?
I went into the kitchen and the parlour, but there was no loom there.
How many rooms on a floor are there?
Two below, and I believe but one up stairs.
Do you know Debbenham?
Yes, perfectly; I am superintendant of the Bengal Warehouses, in New-street, Bishopsgate-street; Debbenham was employed in those warehouse up to the time that he was apprehended, and has been for several years, ever since the year 1791.
Look at that silk, and tell us if that is the sort of silk that the India-Company have in their warehouses?
It is, exactly; it is Bengal raw silk.
There is a vast deal of it in different shops that have bought of the Company?
Yes, no doubt.
It is a sort of silk, which the officers sometimes bring over for themselves?
I do not know.
All you know is, that that is like the silk that the Company import?
Yes.
And nobody else imports it from Bengal?
No.
I lice in Sandys-street, Widegate-alley; I have worked at the Bengal warehouses, in New-street, twelve or thirteen years.
Do you know Mr. Athill?
Yes.
What is he?
I believe he is a weaver, he came to me, on the 18th of February, for some Bengal raw silk, which I got from the Company's warehouses.
How did you get it from the warehouses?
When I could find the best opportunity, I unpinned the lugs of the bale, and brought it away in my hat and breeches.
Did he know where you got it from?
He knew I worked at the warehouses, and he knew it was stolen; I had often told him of the danger I was in, in getting the silk; in the year 1793, when I was about to leave the warehouses, he asked me how I got the silk, and I told him I would not tell him.
What was the price that he had paid you for the silk?
Latterly, ten shillings per pound; he used to give me eleven and six-pence before, there were thirteen pounds and a quarter of this; he gave me a receipt in part of payment for three hundred pounds that I had borrowed of him upon a note of hand.
How long ago was that given?
Sometime before Chirstmas.
How much remains due now?
Two hundred and six pounds, I owe him now.
Have you paid him any of it in money?
No, I have paid it in silk.
How long have you been in these warehouses?
Twelve of thirteen years.
And a thief all the time?
Yes; except ten months when I was in the country.
And you owe this poor fellow two hundred and odd pounds?
Two hundred and six pounds.
When was it that the officers paid you a visit at your house?
On the 18th of February in the evening.
You heard that poor Athill was in custody?
Yes, I did.
Thief as you had been all that time, the Company did not chuse to prosecute you?
NO.
Do you know the reason of that?
No.
You have been many years in the service of the East-India Company?
Upwards of fifty years.
Do you know Bengal silk?
Yes.
Be so good as look at that?
This is the kind of Bengal silk, of which I have now many hundred weight under my care.
What is the value of it?
From thirteen to fourteen shillings the small pound.
Is this silk thirteen pound four ounces by the great or small pound?
By the great pound.
Do you know when Mr. Athill was taken into custody?
About half an hour after he left my house, Coomes and Perry came and apprehended me, they told me he was in custody.
You were not at home, when Mr. Athill had this silk?
Yes, I was, I weighed it myself, and delivered it to him, he always called twice a week of an evening for silk.
Had you any other silk in the house at the time he called?
No; he had all except two skains, and that the officers did not find; I had it all from the Bengal warehouses.
How much did you use to bring at a time?
Three or four pounds.
