I live in Sloane-street, Knightsbridge, St. Luke's, Chelsea ; I keep a house there; I missed the note the 7th of this month, a 50 l. Bank-note, out of my bureau; it was locked; but I left my keys one night in a lower drawer, about eight days; I had the Bank-note there since the beginning of December; I cannot be certain to the number of it; the constable has it.
I am the constable: on Saturday, the 7th of this month, Mr. Chadwick sent for me, and I went and searched his two servants; and Margaret Geary spoke something to Mr. Sadgrove, that was the man that came to fetch me, while I was searching the manservant, and he followed her out; and soon after they came in, and brought me in this little book (a book produced) , and the note was tied up in it; I have kept it ever since.
What conversation had there been about the note?
I did not hear any thing.
On the 7th of January Mr. Chadwick came to me, and desired me to step with him, for he was ruined; immediately I went with him, and Mr. Chadwick took me to Mr. Bond, and he granted a search-warrant; Mr. Bond said to me, run and see if you can find a constable; I immediately ran to Chelsea, Sloane-street, Sloane-square; I found Mr. Burridge, and begged of him to come up with me to Justice Bond; Mr. Bond produced the warrant, and he says to me, Sadgrove, I advise you to go with the constable, and see it served; and so I went with the constable to Mr. Chadwick's house, and Mr. Chadwick was in the garden when I came; and he came, and we went into the fore-parlour together; and then the constable came, and knocked at the door afterwards; and then Mr. Chadwick had his servants into the room; and after the maid had come up, he said he had missed, or lost, I cannot tell which, a Bank-note of 50 l. and he had a search-warrant, and there was the constable, and that they must both he searched; the constable began on the man-servant first; he pulled off his coat, he searched it all over, and then his waistcoat, I believe, and then his stockings, and he was searching them; and by this time the maid-servant was disposed, as I understood her, either to speak to me, or her master; I immediately took more notice of her, and comprehended that she wanted to speak with Mr. Chadwick; I turned about to the prisoner, and said, what, do you know any thing of this? she said faintly, yes, I have got it; Mr. Chadwick and I and she went into the passage; she immediately fell on her knees when Mr. Chadwick came out, and gave me a little book; and Mr. Chadwick went and told the constable, to prevent his searching any further, and he came out, and I delivered this book with the note.
Did you open the book before you gave it to Mr. Chadwick?
I cannot say.
Did you see it opened?
Yes.
What was in it?
A 50 l. Bank-note; I delivered it to the constable.
In what condition was the book delivered to you?
Tied up.
When was it opened?
Immediately, in the parlour; the 50 l. Bank- note was in it; I have kept it ever since.
I cleaned the room out with a flannel, and under the bureau I took out this note with the flannel, and I put it into my pocket; I cannot read or write, nor I did not know, it was a Bank-note, and so I did not know in consequence that it was different from other paper; I never heard it inquired for till my master called me up from my work, and then shut the door; I was quite thunderstruck to see the gentleman and the constable in the parlour; when my master asked me about a 50 l. note, a 50 l. note, Sir! replied I; directly it struck me it must be that that I had put in my pocket; on that, I spoke to Mr. Sadgrove; he looked at me, and nodded at my master, and they both followed me out into the passage; and I told them I did not keep it with an intent to steal it; and therefore I put my hand into my pocket, and asked them if that was the note; says I, please to look at it.
Was the book yours?
No, it was the maid's.
How long have you lived with your master?
Seven months.
