The prisoner lived with me as butler near six months, I had an exceeding good written character with him from the Bishop of Liandaff. Last Sunday se'nnight I missed five spoons out of the knife-cases, which I supposed he had neglected to clean; I asked him for these spoons just before dinner; I went into the dining-room, and still found that the spoons were not there; I then told him to bring up the silver argyle, and put some hot water into it; he told me had broke the handle of this argyle in cleaning it; I told him to bring it up as it was; he then told me that he had taken it to a silversmith to be mended; I asked him if he had taken it to Mr. Wirgman, who is my silversmith, and he said, no, he had taken them to a silversmith in Bond-street; I asked him the name of that silversmith in Bond street; he told me he did not recollect his name, but it was on the left hand side of the way; thinking this rather a mysterious kind of answer, I told him to bring up the spoons; he went out of the room, and shortly after returned, telling me that he had lent them for a pattern; this convinced me in my own mind that he had made away with these things; I then sent for another servant, and gave him a note to take to the Public-office, in Bow-street; my servant shortly after returned with two officers of the name of Carpmeal and Dowsett.
The prisoner lived with you some years ago, before he went to live with the Bishop of Landaff?
He did.
How long did he live with you then?
I think three or four years, it might be more.
I believe he is not an Englishman, he is a German?
He is.
I need not ask you whether he had not, up to this time, managed every thing to your satisfaction?
Yes, he was always a very good servant.
I believe, from a very foolish bashfulness, he did not ask you for his wages?
No.
They amounted up to this time, I believe, to 21l.?
Yes, 21l. 1s. 1d.; his wages were fifteen guineas, and money that he had laid out made that sum.
Would not that sum, if he had received it, have taken all these things out of pawn, and left several pounds in his pocket?
It would.
Of course when you were at home, it was impossible for them to have been long absent without your observation?
I should think not, but I had been absent ten weeks from town, and the prisoner with me.
What was the distance of time between your first speaking to the prisoner about this argyle, and the officers arriving?
It might be about an hour.
You had dined in the interval?
Yes.
The prisoner had not left your house?
No, he had not.
When had you spoke to him about the spoons?
Three or four days before.
Has he received his wages?
Oh, certainly; I did not mean to impute any thing of the kind to Col. Hewgill.
He received them as soon as he was taken into custody.
Upon receiving a summons, I went to Col. Hewgill 's house, in company with Carpmeal, and apprehended the prisoner, I begged of the Colonel to call the butler up into the back parlour; as soon as he came up, he enquired again after the spoons; he said, he had lent them for a pattern; the argyle, he said, he had taken to a silversmith's in Bond-street to be mended; he told the Colonel he would satisfy him about the spoons in the morn ing; he said, he could not get them that night; I then asked him for the keys of his trunks or boxes; he rather declined giving them me at first; I told him it was of very little consequence, and then he delivered up the keys of a bureau that stood in his pantry; upon searching them I found two tickets, one was of a regimental coat and epaulette, and the other of spoons; I told him I had no doubt there were more tickets, and he had better give them all up; he said, they were all together in the bureau, that they were amongst some papers that we had overlooked; we then found the remainder of the tickets, (produces them;) the next morning, as he was coming from the watch-house, he gave me another ticket out of his pocket, saying, here is one, you may as well take them altogether.
How many tickets were there in all? - A. Sixteen.(The property was produced by the different pawnbrokers, who deposed, that it was pledged by the prisoner.)
These are all my property; the lace of the regimental coat cost nine guineas.
We have some witnesses to this man's character.
It cannot be necessary to call witnesses to his character; if you called a whole parish, it would be impossible to carry it further than Col. Hewgill has done.
