I lost a grey gelding the 29th of February last; it was almost like a coach-horse, it was fifteen hands high; I sent the prisoner to London with it, for Mr. Marsom, of Hoxton, to sell for me; I gave him particular charge not to ride the horse, but to walk him gently: I never saw the horse since.
I live at Hoxton: I do not deal in horses. The prisoner was a servant of mine, he never brought me the horse, he came to me on the day after he should have come; I asked him where the horse was; he told me he had lost it: I asked him how; and he told me, a coachman was coming by, and frightened the horse so that he got out of his hand, and ran away, just before he got into Barnet: I turned away to let in a cart, and the prisoner was gone before I returned. I saw no more of him till nine at night; then I asked him where he had been; he said to Barnet, but could not hear any thing of the horse; the next day I went with him to Barnet, to make all the enquiry he could; I said, now shew me where you lost the horse; and he fixed on a place on this side of Barnet, which was the rising ground by the horse-fair; says I, you told me you lost the horse on the other side of Barnet; no, says he, I lost the horse here: I asked him what time he lost him; and he first told me it was just the dusk of the evening: the hostler at the inn asked him what time he lost him; and he then fixed upon between seven and eight at night. I enquired everywhere: he told me he had enquired at Whetstone turnpike, and at all the turnpikes; but the turnpike men denied it in his presence; but he said he did. I never saw the horse afterwards: I advertised him, and on Friday last a coachman came to me, and informed me of the horse.
When I was coming up, on the Wednesday evening, the 29th of February, on Finchley-common, I saw the prisoner, he was on a light-coloured grey gelding, with a spot on his near shoulder, and another man with him; he sat behind the other man, the other man had hold of the halter; they were on the near side to me, and crossed over, and galloped over the common, up Highgate-hill, and through Highgate; they stopped at the Red Lion to water, then they went on. I saw no more of them.
I beg for forgiveness, that is all. A man asked me to let him ride, and he rode away with the horse; I was bringing him along the road.
You see now you have forfeited your life, before you make your exit out of this world, it is a justice to the person that employed you, to let him know where the horse is.
I hope your Lordship will save his life.
Let a minute be made of that.
