When did you see your watch again?
I went to the office, and took
a man along with me, and went to Mrs. Nicholl's, and desired to see the watch, the 3d of February. Nicholls is a pawnbroker, I described the watch, and a young man that is here, went and fetched it down; I had no ticket to enquire for it, it has been in Nicholls's hands ever since.
Do you know her again?
No, I do not. After the watch had been in pawn sometime, a person of the name of Holliday came and wanted to have some more on the watch, and I refused to lend any more on it, that was not the time it was first pawned.
I know nothing about the watch, more than on Monday the 13th or 14th of May last, Mrs. Mead came into my house, and she drank a cup or two of tea, and she pulled the watch out of her bosom, and she said that she had it of a young man that owed her three pounds ten shillings, that he had put this watch into her hands, and that he was gone to sea, and that he was to redeem it when he came back, and that he left it her to pay herself with; and she went out, and when she came back, she said, that she had pawned it for twenty-five shillings, at Mrs. Nicholls, in Broad-Street, Lime-house; in the course of a week or a fortnight she gave me a ticket, and asked me to try to get five shillings more on it, which Mr. Latimer refused me, and I gave her the ticket again.
I live at Mr. Scarlet's, my master and mistress were out on Sunday the 12th of May, and I let the prisoner in about five o'clock, between four and five, she has been there several times, she came there to see her sister, who was servant there, the counting house, where the watch was in, was inclosed up, it adjoins to the parlour, there is no occasion of being in that on a Sunday, but the bunch of keys that unlocked the cellar door, had the key of the counting house with it, and I left the keys in the cellar door.
I am a constable, I apprehended the girl.
This here gentleman owes me a bit of spite, and I know nothing about it, I am a distressed young woman; I lived servant with Mr. Wood, an intimate friend of Mr. Scarlet's, and he would not pay me my wages, and I commenced an action against him, by my so doing, the said Mr. Wood hath prevailed on Mr. Scarlet to bring this prosecution against me, I am quite innocent of the crime laid to my charge; Mr. Scarlet and Mrs. Holliday, both said at the Justice's, that they did not believe that I stole the watch; Mrs. Holliday is also quite under the influence of Mr. Scarlet, and hath been ruled by him; I am totally distressed, I hope you will not see me lost, without inspecting into my cafe.
Did you ever say before the magistrate, or any other time, that you believed she did not steal the watch?
I did not.
