I am the wife of Henry Pitter , in Great Cumberland-street, Oxford-road , my husband keeps the house: I missed the things last Sunday month, the 24th of September; the way I missed them was, I had no clean stocks for my husband; I missed all the articles in the indictment, some out of a green box in my bed-room, and some from a drawer, and some from the bottom part of a linen press; they were all missed out of the bed-room; she gave me a lawn handkerchief out of her pocket; some of the muslin neckcloths were found in her box in my presence, torn in pieces; I found a child's frock and petticoat, three clouts, and a pair of breeches, at an old clothes-shop in Oxford-road; I found five neckclothes, and one that had been a stock, that the ends were off, at an old clothes-shop, in Davies's-street, in the place that she lodged in before she came to me; there was a box of her's there.
Have you the property here?
Yes.
Are the people here from whom you got this property?
No; they are not.
When you found these different things, did you carry them to your own house?
Yes; and I have kept them never since, (produces the lawn handkerchief) this is what she gave me out of her pocket, it is marked E.W. I know it to be mine from that mark; this was taken out of the green box.
You spoke of some things at an old clothes-shop, where was that?
In Oxford-road; I don't know their names; the prisoner went with me to get them; there was a child's frock and a petticoat, a pair of breeches, and three child's clouts; there were other things carried there, but the woman had sold them.
These were produced by the prisoner's direction?
Yes, at the shop in Davies's-street; I don't know their names; I found five neckcloths and one stock with the ends off; the prisoner went with me; there was one of the pieces of the neckcloths found in the bed-room where she had slept at my house, and that was the way I found it was her that had got them.
Did you know those pieces of neckcloths to be your's?
Yes.
How long had she lodged with you?
Between three weeks and a month.
There is no one of those articles worth forty shillings that you have now mentioned?
No, not finely.
You have got all the articles here?
Yes; I can swear to ail of them very safely; some of the neckcloths and handkerchiefs are marked with H.W. they belonged to Sir Edward Wilmot , my husband lived with him it the time he died, and they were given him after his death.
Had you said any thing to induce her to confess?
No, I did not; she wanted to lay them upon my servant that had left me; when she was found, her sister, Mrs. Smith, found her, she told me she would tell me all about it if I would not make any noise in the street; she said Rachael knew as much about them as she did; then afterwards she said, she did not do any such thing; she acknowledged she had sold fourteen or fifteen neck-cloths at one place.
I was only committed for stealing one handkerchief, which I did not steal; I picked it up going up stairs; I did not see her then, and I went home to my own lodging; and when I came to the house again she asked me for it, and I gave it her; and she said no more about it for a great while.
