I am a Trinity-officer: I was stationed, on the 13th of October, near the ship Burton, Mr. Robert Burton , Master, laden with sugar and logwood; I saw a number of people upon the deck, and the prisoner amongst them; I saw them come over the ship's side into a lighter that contained logwood, and I saw the other people go into the boat that lay along side the Burton, and I saw the prisoner hand the logwood to the people in the boat, there might be four or five pieces that I am positive he took; immediately that the boat shoved off from the lighter, a man along with me boarded their boat, his name is William Smith ; Smith said to the prisoner, go into that boat, which he did, we made him get into our boat, and Smith said, the man has got sugar in his breast, and I immediately took this bag of sugar out of his shirt, in a state of concealment; and he got out of the boat into their boat again; and I gave Smith the cutlass, and he drove him back into our boat again.
Was that man one of the labourers on board the Burton?
I cannot say; I saw him come out of the ship; Smith brought the logwood from the other boat into our's.
Was it in the nature of this craft to be employed in taking logwood from the ship?
No;(the logwood produced); this is the same logwood, it has my mark upon it.
I am a waterman; I was on board the ship Burton on the 13th of October; the prisoner was a lumper, I saw him come out of the ship about six o'clock in the evening, which is the time the lumpers usually leave work; there was a lighter, named the Lucretia, between the ships, she was loaded with logwood; the lighter was discharging her cargo at the time; I saw the prisoner stand in the lighter and hand some of the logwood to the other lumpers, into a boat that was lying by, and then he came into the boat, and stood in the fore-part of the boat, along with the logwood. I then boarded the boat, I was in a boat of my own, I took hold of him, and found he had sugar concealed, and I desired Hill to take him into custody; Hill searched him, and took the bag of sugar from him in my presence.
What quantity of logwood was there in the boat?
Six pieces; these are the same; the prisoner was rather obstreperous, and got into their boat again, and one of the lumpers said, let us heave it over-board; I took the cutlass and struck him on the back with it, and made him go back in to our boat; he offered me a guinea to let him go.
I am a Custom-house-officer; the prisoner was employed on board the Burton: the 13th of October, about six in the evening, I heard a noise along-side the ship, and I looked into a lighter by the side of the ship, and this man told me the prisoner had taken away some logwood; I saw the logwood in the boat, and I came on shore with the prisoner and the logwood.
Could that little boat have any thing to do with the logwood in the lighter?
No.
Did you see the sugar taken from him?
No.
What was the name of the captain of the Burton?
Richard Burton.
I am a lighterman, journeyman to Mr. William Lediard; his lighter was employed to unload the ship Burton on the 13th of October; the cargo that was put into his lighter was logwood.
Is that the same kind of logwood as the lighter was loaded with?
Yes.
Whereabouts is the value of it?
I don't know.
Is the boat employed by the other lighters to carry away any of the goods from it?
No.
The prisoner was at work with me on board the ship Burton, and when the decks were cleared up, I hailed a boat to go on shore; when I hailed the boat, the waterman came along-side the wood lighter, I told the man to come down to the boat, as it was late; I went down and got into the boat, and the waterman that was in the boat called to some of the men to hand him a piece, I did not see any piece handed; a boat boarded us and laid alongside.
What do you bring this man for, he cannot do you any good.
You were foreman lumper?
Yes.
And you were admitted an evidence by Mr. Staples, and that prevented you from being prosecuted?
Yes.
