I lost a pair of kerseymere breeches on Friday, the 8th day of July, from my house, Rose-lane, Spitalfields ; I had seen them that evening before at six, and they were gone at ten; they were in the shop, made for sale, hanging in the shop. John Richey worked for me; I said nothing that night, but the next morning, suspecting Richey, I desired him to bring them down; he said he would go and bring them; he did not bring them down, and consequently I sent for Charles Dorman , who took him into custody. Before the constable came he came down; he said he had made away with them, he had pawned them.
Before he said this, did you make him any promise or threaten him?
I did not in any shape; the constable came, and he produced the duplicate.
I took in this pair of breeches to pawn on Friday the 8th of July, about a quarter before nine; I live with Mr. Windsor, No. 130, Minories; I took them in of the prisoner at the bar.
The prosecutor said before the Lord Mayor, if I would give him the breeches and the prisoner would give him 20 s. he would make the matter up; but the prisoner at the bar, being a very poor man, could not possibly raise it.
I lodged in this gentleman's house; I rented a room of him, and worked in my room; he gave me this pair of breeches to make, he gave me a matter of four or five pounds worth to work in my own room; being in great distress, I could not support my family without subsistence; I owed a little money where I used to deal, and they would not let me have any more till I could pay it; I took the liberty of pawning these breeches till I settled with my master on Saturday night, when I intended to bring back the breeches again. I am a stranger here, lately discharged from the 48th regiment, come from India; I am a poor distressed man.
We would wish to know whether they were taken out of the room or out of the shop?
Out of the shop.
Had the prisoner at the bar any room to work in?
No, he had only a bed.
The breeches had been in my room six or seven days, hanging across my line; I took it as a choice to work in my own room, because it was lighter.
