I am a plaisterer . On the 16th of this month I lost two wooden bird cages, and five canary birds; it was on a Tuesday; I was moving my goods out of St. Giles's ; I kept them in St. Giles's till the prisoner took them; I saw the cages in the apartments where I lately lived; I laid them in the middle of the room, for the prisoner, who was helping me to move; and he took hold of these, and carried them not to my apartment, but sold them the other side of Moorfields; this I know by his own declaration at the Rotation office, in Litchfield-street.
Did you find them by his directions?
No, not exactly; I found them at Mr. Sampson's, in a different street.
How do you know these to be your cages?
In one of the cages I made an alteration myself; and they are very remarkable.
Was there the same number of birds, at the time you found them, as when you lost them?
No, there is one not found yet.
Do you believe those to be your canary birds?
I do.
Now what are these cages?
One is a wainscot, the other is a mahogany, or rattan; both wooden.
Did not you give him these cages to carry?
Yes, I did with the rest of the goods.
The prisoner came to me with a pair of birds, in a cage, and asked me seven shillings and sixpence for them; I told him I would give you six shillings, at a word; they are here; I would not pay him till I knew who he was; and he said if I would go over with him to a publick-house, he would shew me another cage, and a pair of birds, and so I gave him twelve shillings for the two cages, and two pair of birds; I am sure to the prisoner and that they are the same I bought of him.
I know the man to be the man that was moving the goods; and I went along with the man's wife, and took him; and he said he had sold the birds to one Williams, in Moorfields.
On Friday last Mr. Frewen told me he had lost two cages and five birds, and the name of the direction to seek them, was that of Williams; we however found no such name, but found them at Sampson's.
I was moving this man's goods; I had the key, and at every turn I locked the door; and he was there along time; and when he went out again, I gave him the key, and did not go there again.
