I am a journeyman , I am not a housekeeper, I lodge at the Duke of York's Head, Fulwood's-rents, Holborn ; this prisoner was quartered there on the 25th of August. My box was broke open, he slept in the house only five nights; I cannot tell when my box was broke, I was at my box the 4th of September, and I found then what I wanted, and on the 11th I made a thorough search, and missed the things in the indictment. The soldier slept in the same room with me when he slept there; I believe he slept there three or four nights, the landlord says five. I had a search warrant on Monday the 12th, and found him at No. 9, Pye-street, Westminster: I found one pair of silk stockings there, and I found the prisoner in the room, he said he was there quartered; the things were hung up on a line, I gave them to the constable, Moore. and he has kept them ever since. I found some other things at the pawnbrokers, who are here. He told me he had sold one of the shirts to a man. I told him if he would own to the things I would shew him what favour I could.
Then I must hear no more about that.
I am constable of St. Martin's: on the 12th of September, about three o'clock, Mr. Matthews brought me the warrant to go to Pye-street. I searched the apartments, and found a pair of silk stockings hanging wet on the line; I found nothing more there, but, after I had taken him, I searched his pockets, and found seven duplicates, two of them of some of the same property, and two others of Mr. Matthews's pledging. I went round to the pawnbrokers, to bring them forward to the examination, and then he was committed.
I am a pawnbroker, a servant; I took in this dimity waistcoat, and this fringed muslin neckcloth, of this young woman, Harriott Smith. I took in the waistcoat on the 2d of September, and the neckcloth on the 3d. (Produced.)
I am a pawnbroker, a servant; I took this striped muslin neckcloth of Harriott Smith, for 15 d. and a pair of cotton stockings for 6 d. the neckcloth on the 2 d and the stockings on the 7th.
I am a married woman; the prisoner used to call sometimes to see my husband, and he came to my house about three weeks ago, and asked me to pledge a pair of silk stockings; I did at Mr. Eldredge's, for 9 d. and gave him the money and the ticket into his hand. I pawned also the neckcloth on the 2d of September I think, and I gave him the money and the duplicate.
I am a single girl, the prisoner came up to me on Monday week, and asked me to wash a pair of silk stockings, which I did, and hung them on the line, and this gentleman came up and owned them, as they were wet; he came up some time before, and he gave me a breast pin, which this gentleman owned; and he came to me two or three days afterwards, and gave me a duplicate of a neckcloth to make me a couple of caps, if I would fetch it out. I delivered it up at Sir Sampson Wright's.
On the 1st of September Harriott Smith brought a pair of silk stockings and pawned them with me; on the 12th of September the prisoner came and redeemed them.
Court to Matthews. Are these stockings marked?
No, but I know them to be mine, and can swear to them.
These things that I gave Harriott Smith to pawn were things sent out of the country from my friends from Yarmouth, in the county of Norfolk.
