I am a manufacturer of earthen ware, and keep a warehouse in Fore-street ; I had had a suspicion some time of some of my men robbing me; I made that known to William Copeland , my clerk; and on the 30th of January, in consequence of his information, I found different parcels of fine blue painted goods secreted below, in the packing warehouse; I had each parcel brought up into the counting house, and marked, and put as before; on Tuesday morning the 9th of February, a part of them was missing; I sent for all the men into the counting house, and told them my suspicions; they all denied it; I asked them to let me send for an officer to search their premises, they all consented; I sent for Mr. Clarke, the officer, and he went with William Copeland , to examine the premises.
How long had the prisoner lived with you?
Two years and a quarter.
I believe to this time you had had a good opinion of him?
I had.
I believe he had had a very serious illness before that time?
He had.
Did you know what his illness was?
It was a rheumatick complaint, I believe.
Was not it a violent fever, attended with a phrensy of the brain?
I believe it was.
That reduced him to considerable distress?
I do not know that he was, he had twelve shillings a week from his club.
What was the value of the things you lost?
About eight shillings.
You trusted him considerably?
I did, I had a very high opinion of him; I paid him sixteen shillings a week all the time he was unable to work.
I live with Mr. Spode; on the latter end of January, I found several parcels of earthen ware concealed in the packing cellar, with one black tea pot; I informed Mr. Spode, and I went with Clarke, and on searching Jones's premises, we found two punch bowls, one oval black tea pot, six tea cups, and four saucers; I kept them till they were delivered to the officer at Guildhall.
I have kept them ever since, (Deposed to) the six cups and four saucers are marked, as they were marked by Mr. Spode; the cups are marked with one nick at the bottom, and the saucers with two nicks.
You know this poor fellow had had a very serious illness?
Yes.
Did he ever ask you for a few old cups and saucers?
I gave him one.
The poor fellow bore a very good character till his illness?
Yes.
I was with the last witness in searching his apartment, and found this property.
Do you know these cups and saucers?
These I marked; the other things are my make, but not marked.
I had been very ill nine weeks; first from an accident in riding a horse of my master's, a vicious horse that he could not ride; I was insane for above a month, and tied down down to my bed, in a strait waistcoat; his clerk knows it; and I broke many of my things; and I asked the clerk to give me an odd thing or two for my own use, he said I might take a few; the punch bowls and the tea pot I did not take from this shop.
Did you give him leave to take any?
No.
Now prisoner take the best care you can, and spend the rest of your life in such a manner, as to convince the world, that this verdict is well founded.
