I am a paviour ; I live in St. Saviour's Church-yard, Southwark. On the 25th of November, about half past eight in the evening, I was going up Shoe-lane , in the company of a lady, a few yards from Fleet-street, the prisoner at the bar picked my pocket of my handkerchief; being informed of it by the lady that was with me, I turned about and I saw him drop the handkerchief, I then attemped to seize the prisoner, on my attempting to seize him, he presented a knife to me, and another man struck a stick violently against a shutter, I ran across the street, and I hallooed out stop thief! he ran off, and was taken immediately; there were so many people that it was impossible that he could make his escape.
What did he say when he drew his knife?
He did not speak at all; I went to take hold of him, and he held his knife at me to deter me from taking hold of him.
Did you lose sight of him before he was taken?
I believe I might for a moment, but it was so instantaneously that I am sure of the man; he only ran across the road, but it does not take two steps to cross; a gentleman came from the Globe Tavern, and stopped him; the knife was taken from him by some one, not by me.
I was just come out of a cook's shop, and was crossing over the way.
I was along with Mr. Wells, going up Shoe-lane, along with Mr. Wells I turned round, and I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of Mr. Well's pocket.
Did you lose any thing yourself?
Nothing. I am very certain that is the man, I never lost sight of him till he was taken and conveyed to the watch-house.
Did you see the handkerchief drop?
I see it fall from his hand, but whether it went to the ground or no I don't know, I like wife see his accomplice, a man dressed in a sailor's jacket, he put his stick against the wall and surrounded us, one on one side and the other on the other.
Did you see any knife?
I saw something in each hand but I did not know what it was, afterwards I was informed it was a knife and fork. I am very sure that is the man.
How long had you observed him behind?
About half a minute; it was not above three doors from Fleet-street.
I am a constable. Mr. Hill, the master of our workhouse, was the man that stop ped the man, and Mr. Cook the glazier, was the man that took the knife out of his pocket.
I saw the knife in one hand, and the fork in the other, on enquiry I found that he had stolen this knife and fork.
I have the handkerchief, it was given me by Mr. Hill, the master of our workhouse, he is not here.
This is the handkerchief that was taken from my pocket, I took it off the ground myself, I delivered it at the watch-house to the constable that was there, there is the letter L marked on it.
I am very sure it is the handkerchief, I put the letter L on it myself.
Coming up Shoe-lane, I bought a piece of meat at Mr. Smith's, and had it in my hand, and came out and was in my way going up to Holborn and I was knocked down, and there was four or five more, and when I got up again, some gentleman had hold of me, I never saw the handkerchief at all.
How far is Smith's where he had been to this place?
The other side opposite. He said at that time that he had been in company with some more, eating roasted potatoes.
