I live in Cow-heel Alley; as I was coming down Holborn, on Thursday, the 4th of February, about six o'clock in the evening, a handkerchief was dropped, and I stooped, and another gentleman, not in my company, picked it up, and the gentleman that picked it up, said that if there was any thing worth in it, I should have half; and he asked me if I would walk a little way further with him, which I did, and went with him into Turnstile; where he opened the handkerchief, and there was a purse in it, and in the purse a few halfpence, and he pulled the halfpence out, and put them in his pocket; there was a handkerchief pin in the purse, and stuck in a bit of paper, and some writing on it; and the prisoner was coming by; and this other gentleman asked him to read the few lines, and he read them; with that he said he would see me righted; that I should have half; he read where it was bought, and how much it cost; the prisoner said it cost twelve guineas; and the other gentleman said, he had an acquaintance, whom he should like to make it a present to, and he would give me the half in money; but not having so much about him, he would go to an acquaintance and borrow it; and the prisoner asked me, if he should lend me a guinea, if I would leave my cloak; I said, if I should leave my cloak, I should never see it more; then he took it from my shoulders immediately, on my giving him that answer, and gave it to the other gentleman.
Did you make any resistance?
Yes.
How?
I took hold of it, and he pulled it from me.
Do you mean to say, you made as much resistance as you could?
Yes, he then took hold of my arm, and led me against the rails in Lincoln's-inn fields, and asked me, what money I had in my pocket? I told him one shilling and three half-pence; he said, then give me the shilling; with that I gave him the shilling; he asked me if I had a pocket handkerchief? I had not, I told him; then says he, never mind it, and he ran away.
You told him, you had a shilling in your pocket, who pulled it out?
I pulled it out.
In what manner had he hold of your arm?
He took hold of my arm, and drove me off the curb stones, to the rails; I hallooed once or twice, and I thought it was no use going after him.
How come you to give him the shilling?
Because he frightened me, when he took hold of my arm, and dragged me against the rails; I went as far as Moor-street back again.
At the time he did this, was the other man present?
At the time he took the cloak he was, but not when he took the shilling; I went back again into Moor-street, Seven Dials, and I told my master and mistress that I had got a place, and went back again concerning my character; I am a servant of all work ; on coming home again, about half past seven, I saw the prisoner again, and I took hold of him by the skirt of his coat, and said, he was the gentleman that took my cloak, and the patrole came up, and took him to Mr. Walker's: I saw my cloak again at Mr. Walker's; I believe it was taken out of his pocket.
You was not frightened before he laid hold of your hand?
No.
How long might you have parted with your cloak then?
Five minutes.
The prisoner offered you a guinea to pay for the pin?
Yes, he did, but I never see him pay it.
And you was to deposit your cloak; the cloak was taken off without your being frightened at all?
Yes, I was not frightened then.
On that you went away, in order to get some money from your friends, and you went to Moor street, at what distance is that from the place where the cloak was taken?
A good bit; I was gone about an hour.
How far was you from the place where you had left him?
Twenty or thirty yards.
Did you not leave your cloak with the man; to wait till you returned to reimburse the money, and take the pin?
I did not.
Was not this man committed first for obtaining this money under false pretences?
I do not know.
Now I happen to have both his commitments here; on the 4th you had not Mr. Treadway examined as a witness, and on the 6th both Treadway and Scandling were examined?
Who is Mr. Treadway?
A thief-taker, attending the office; you know they were not examined on the 4th, so on the 4th, the man was charged and committed for a fraud; on the 6th, when you had the assistance of Treadway and Scandling, you had him committed for a highway robbery: now, did not Treadway desire you to make that charge?
No.
Who did?
No one, as I know of.
Have you never heard if this man was convicted, there is a reward of forty pounds?
No, I have never thought of it.
Have you never heard it?
I have never heard it.
How often have you attended with Mr. Treadway at the Justice's?
The first night was Saturday, once before the Grand Jury, and three days here.
And you mean to swear now positively, that you never heard till this moment, that there was a reward?
Sir, I have heard the people talk of it.
When did you hear of it?
Long enough ago.
Who might you hear talk of it?
I have heard people talk or it, when I have been out of doors.
Where?
If I have been any where and there has been any body that has been cast.
How dare you to tell me not five minutes ago, and your answer was taken down in short-hand, that you, who knew it long ago as the town talk, as a common thing, that you never heard of such a thing, that you never thought of it, and did not know that there was any such thing existing?
I did not think any thing of the reward.
So this man comes in just as you were dividing what did not belong to you?
Yes.
You thought no harm in that?
No.
Did you apply to the keeper of the New Prison for copies of the commitments, on which the prisoner was committed?
I did.
Who was the clerk of the papers?
Thomas Roberts ; I have seen him write many times; I believe these are both his hand writing, I received both these copies from him.
I am a patrole, of the parish of Giles's in the Fields; on the 4th of this month, coming up out of Newtoner's street, into Holborn: I head a voice calling out murder! stop thief! I saw this girl have hold of the prisoner by his coat; I laid hold of the prisoner; the girl said, she was stripped of her cloak; my friend, says I, to the prisoner, come along with me before a Justice; he said take me out, do not let me be ill used; accordingly I took him out from the throng of people, and took him into the Justice's; I was there the first time, at the Justice's.
What did the woman charge him with, before Mr. Walker, the first time?
For stripping her of her cloak, and one shilling in money; that was the charge I heard at the Justices; I saw nothing of the fact committed.
Did she explain at all how that stripping was?
Yes; but I cannot say in what manner.
It is impossible that the magistrate should not have enquired further about it?
He did; but there was such a throng, I did not hear.
Did you take him to the prison?
No.
Was Treadway there the first time he was committed?
Yes.
He was so good to assist you with his advice?
Yes.
Who gave instructions at the office for the indictment?
I will not swear whether he did or not, I cannot say.
I will make you say; did you attend with Treadway and this woman at Clerkenwell-green?
Yes.
Who with?
Treadway.
Who else?
Why he got the bill of indictment out.
Now before he got it out, he gave instructions?
He went in; I heard that the girl should be satisfied; there was no money mentioned; but that she was to have her cloak, and be paid for her time, and then she would be satisfied.
Was you present at the taking of this man?
No, not till he was first brought to the office.
What was the charge?
The charge was for taking a cloak, and giving a guinea, I think, in the lieu of it; then on the second hearing, a letter came from Mr. Justice Triquet, to be kept till the next day; the girl first said, she had been robbed of a cloak, by the prisoner: I went to him, and said, have you got the cloak? She said, yes, but if you will pay me for my time, and the cloak it shall go; and if not, it shall be a street robbery; oh! says I, if that is the case, I will keep the cloak.
My Lord, we are satisfied.
