Cadell is a bookseller , and lives in the Strand ; I am his clerk; I found some of the copies mentioned in the indictment had been offered to sale; that which I discovered was Whitlock on the King's Writ: I examined the warehouse where that book was kept, and discovered it had been robbed; I knew none of the copies had been sold; I then went to a man whose name is Yardley, by this Yardley I was referred to a pork shop in Clare-market, where he bought them; his name is Shum; I asked him where he got these books; he told me he had got them of a man who frequently brought him bundles; he particularly described the person; I cannot state any particular time of the taking away any of the articles, except Banyer's Mythology; I recollected that article was in a dark corner of the warehouse, and it was not likely that any thief would have gone to that corner for these boxes, placed before that article; there was also a window that looked into a yard; I thought it adviseable not to apprehend the prisoner till the porkman had seen him; I sent for Shum; he came to our shop; and while standing there, the prisoner passed by; I pointed to him, and Shum said he was the man.
Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. This man was not employed by Mr. Cadell?
No.
Have you any porters employed in your shop?
Many: I went and examined the window; I found it covered with boards, which were quite loose; they could be removed very easily; there were two iron bars across the window; there was room for the prisoner to enter; I think some of the parcels must have been drawn through, as I discovered a rusty nail with a bit of brown paper on it.
I live in Haughton-street, Clare-market; I keep a pork-shop, and buy a great quantity of waste paper; I have bought a great deal of the prisoner; I gave him twopence-halfpenny per pound; I have one parcel here. (Produced.) I bought them the night before he was taken up.
I think this parcel is the property of Mr. Cadell; I have no doubt of it myself; they were tied up precisely as they are now; they were not sold, on account of being stained.
I have but little to say; I know nothing at all; I live in a house next to Mr. Cadell's; I saw the prisoner take a bag out one morning, but I do not know the contents of the bag: what I have said, I have said; and what I have swore to, I have swore to.
I lodge at the prisoner's house; I know nothing of the business.
I live in Somerset-house yard; I am a carpenter; I have known the prisoner seven years; he was a waterman in the first part of my knowledge; since that, he has worked for me as a painter; he is very honest.
He is an honest man; I have known him two years.
I have known the prisoner thirty years; he is a very honest man.
I never heard any thing wrong of him, I have known him five years.
I have known him ten years, he has always borne a very good character.
