On Wednesday evening, the 29th of February, I was walking down James-street ; I observed three men; they came up to me and pushed me, not a very violent push, but so as to make me stagger; and the prisoner came and took my watch out of my fob, and he spread both his hands, and at that time I observed a man on each side of him; it was done so instantaneously, like a trick of Breslaw's, I could not prevent him; he ran up James-street; I pursued him; he crossed Long-acre, and at the corner of Cross-lane he either fell or stooped; I ran with great violence, and fell over him six yards; I followed him in a strait line: he ran obliquely up Cross-lane, and turned down Phoenix-alley; with this disadvantage I was, I dare say, ten yards behind him, and I then called out stop thief! in the alley I saw him fall; I seized him, took him to the watch-house, and the watchman examined him: it was not the man at the bar that pushed me, it seemed to be a joint push with the other two men; at that moment the prisoner came up and took my watch: I certainly never lost sight of him from the time he took my watch to the time he fell and was taken: when he was taken to the watch-house he said, Sir, you are extremely dirty; and so I was; he said, if I had been the man I should have been as dirty as you; I asked him why he ran away, if he was not the man? he said he wished to help me: I certainly saw nobody running besides the prisoner: the watch has never been found.
On Wednesday, the 29th of February, a little after ten at night, I heard the cry of stop thief! a man came by, and I knocked him down, and Captain Howorth came up and fell over him; he was taken to the watch-house, and nothing was found upon him; I did not see any body else running at that time.
I was going down Phoenix-alley, and there was a cry of stop thief! and they saw me meanly dressed and took me.
Court to prosecutor. You have not a doubt of the man?
Not the least doubt.
Court to prisoner. What has been your way of life?
Selling things about the streets.
