I am shopman to Thomas James and George Twynam ; on the 19th of October I remember seeing the prisoner at the bar, and served her one shawl, she did not pay for it; I had seen the prisoner at the bar once before only; she was in the shop about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes; Mr. James attended her before me; during the time I was separating the shawl that she had agreed for from the rest, she drew these three shawls from off the counter on her lap; I saw her; she sat side ways, with her elbow on the counter, and she made use of her other hand to draw them off; she did it in the manner as I conceived to be concealing them, I said nothing to her on observing this; after I had cut her the shawl, she went away, and bid me good morning; I went and spoke to Mr. James; I went after her and asked her to walk back, Mr. James wanted to speak to her; I took her into the back shop, Mr. James followed, and observed to her that she had got some property that was not her own; I took the shawls from her, from underneath the cloak; I really cannot say she said any thing.
You did not know the nature or extent of her dealings at the house?
I did not.
What do you call them?
Callico muslin.
I am in partnership with Mr. George Twynam ; I know the prisoner at the bar; I saw her in my shop on the 19th of October; I remember her being brought back into the back shop, and I saw the young man take from her side three shawls.
What do you call them?
Callico muslin; it is a muslin as thick as callico; the prisoner said she hoped I would forgive her, she had never taken any thing before; a constable was sent for, and we took her in a coach to Bow-street, and the prisoner wanted something at her lodgings, and I went to her lodgings with her to Hide-street, Bloomsbury, and I saw taken out of a drawer about nine yards of muslin; it is worth about 60 s. the constable took out a great variety of things, among which was this one piece of muslin. (Deposed to by the hand-writing). It had never been sold out of one shop.
How many people sell in your shop?
Seven.
How long had she dealt in your shop?
About a year and a half.
Had she paid you any money that morning?
Ten guineas in part of a bill.
When at any time on the payment of her bills did you make her any present?
Yes, we have.
How much had she laid out in this year and a half?
100 l. I suppose.
Do you always cut off your mark when you sell your goods?
No.
I know this muslin; I did not sell it; I had missed it about six weeks or two months.
Is that part of your master's stock?
It is.
Do you know whether it is part of Mr. James's stock?
I do not know.
I am a constable; that is what was picked out of her drawer; I know nothing else.
I leave it to my counsel.
I live in Aldermanbury; I am a wholesale hosier, I have known her between fourteen and fifteen years; - a most irreproachable character till this charge.
What are her habits in life?
She is a chamber milliner .
I live in Clement's courts, Milk-street; I have known her twelve or fourteen years in a very creditable situation. She lived lived very creditable as a shop woman to several gentlemen.
I live in Fore-street, Cripplegate; I have known her seven years; she lived with me two years, and conducted the millinery business for me; I reposed implicit confidence in her, and never found she abused it.
I live in Duke-street, Lincoln's Inn Fields; the prisoner lodged with me from February, 1791, to July 1792, her character was very good in every respect.
I live in Vere-street, Clare Market; I am a grocer, I have know her twenty months last, she had a very fair character, she always paid very well, and behaved as an honest woman should do.
