I live at Fulham-bridge-yard, Knightsbridge : On Thursday the 14th of September, the prisoner at the bar, and another man of the name of Cooper, came into my yard, to ask for a horse for each of them, to go to Rochester, in order to take a public-house; they did not have them on the Thursday, they came again on Friday morning, about a quarter before ten, and I delivered them two horses; I delivered a bright bay horse to Glover, and a dark bay to Cooper; I said, they must be back the next day, the Saturday, because those horses were hired for the Sunday following, and they said they would; they then left me, and did not return; I sat up every night, expecting them to come, till Tuesday; Glover told me he lived at No. 4, Union-street, Berkley-square; on Tuesday I went there, and they told me he lodged over Lord Aylesbury's stables; I went there, and he was not there; I enquired what public-houses they used; I went round to two or three, I went amongst others to Mr. Badcocks; I received some information on the Wednesday, and I took Glover at Mr. Badcock's, in Duke-street, Grosvenor-square; and, in consequence of an information, I went down to Oxford on the Saturday, to make enquiry; I went to Mr. Probatt's, the Roebuck-inn, in Oxford, and the next morning I went into his stables and found my bridle and saddle there, that had been upon the bright bay horse, that was let to Glover, I claimed it, and it was delivered up to me; I then went to the Angel-inn, and found my bright bay horse in the stables, and it was delivered up to me.
You did not believe that young man meant to steal that horse from you when he hired it?
No, I did not think he did mean it.
What do you believe now about it?
I believe he meant it, or else he would not have hired horses to go to Rochester, and took them directly to Oxford, and sold them.
Have not you been to him, and told him you did not think he meant to steal the horse, and if he would inform you where the other horse was, you would not prosecute him?
But it never came to light.
One of your men knew Cooper perfectly well?
That was a servant of mine, he is not now.
I keep the Roebuck-inn, in Oxford, the prisoner came to my house, on Friday the 15th of September, about nine o'clock at night; I was not at home at the time, I came home about eleven, I did not see him that night; Cooper lived opposite my house for six years, they both dined at my house on the Saturday, they were both talking about selling horses; the horse was shewn out, and several people were about buying it, but they could not agree, I went out and bought it; they went as brothers, in the name of Cooper, and I knowing one of them, I bought the horse of the prisoner; it was a bright bay horse, the other was a dark bay; it was the bright bay that I bought of Glover, I gave him eight guineas for it, he had both broken knees, ten or twelve years old, and fired on the off leg behind, nobody else would give so much for him; Cooper said, his brother would not have sold the horse upon any account, but he was obliged to go to Shrewsbury that night upon particular business; I sold it the next day to Mr. Bulley at the Angel-inn.
Did you go with Crouch afterwards to the Angel?
No, I did not.
Describe to us how this bright bay horse was as to his knees?
When he went out of my yard, he had no broken knees, he was perfectly found, except that he was fired on the off hind leg when he was quite young.
What appearance had those broken knees, did it appear to be an old blemish?
Cooper said, the horse had fallen in coming down.
Probatt did not go with you to see if it was the same horse that you had of Cooper?
Yes, he did.
Was this horse a gelding?
They were both geldings.
