I am a plumber and glazier : the prisoner was my servant ; I lost a quantity of lead; he was employed by me as a labourer; on the morning of the 4th of this month, Thursday, I set him to work in a shop behind; soon after, I let the rest of the men out of doors; after that, I desired the beadle of the parish to be near my street-door, to watch which way he should go to breakfast. I was then several times in the shop where the prisoner was employed; and before I went to breakfast, I noticed that very piece of lead was in its proper place; and between the time of my being in the shop, and his leaving the shop to go to breakfast, he was there alone; and I saw that no one could go where I breakfasted. When I had finished my breakfast, I seated myself in the yard; soon after the clock struck, he came down the stairs of the shop next the yard, and went along the passage towards the street-door; the yard is between the back part of the shop door, and the front of the house. I then ran up into the shop, and missed a piece of lead from the work-shop where he had been; I then desired Mr. Nicholls to follow him, which he did; soon after, he returned, and went along the passage; and I followed him close: he then attempted to go up the stairs into the upper shop; I laid hold of the skirt of his coat, and pulled him back; and I saw a piece of lead fall, I suppose from under his waistcoat, which piece of lead was marked with my instrument. I afterwards had him conveyed before a magistrate, from whence he was fully committed.
Was that piece of lead the only piece you missed?
Yes, at that time; I gave this piece of lead to Mr. Nicholls.
I am a beadle of the parish; I stood at the street-door and watched the prisoner; there is but one door belonging to the house; I saw the man come out, and followed him into Holywell-street; he was surprised; and I laid hold of him by the shoulder; I followed him back to the door, and he went back to his master.
I took this not with an intent to steal, but to stamp some button-holes upon my gaiters; and in going back, which I did directly, as I was told, in my flurry, I dropped the lead: if my master had been in the way, I should have asked him to have taken it for the same use.
I am a serjeant in the Coldstream regiment: he hath been in it fifteen years; he is a very good soldier; and if he is not publickly whipped, we shall not discharge him, as I never knew any dishonesty of the prisoner in my life-time.
