I am a clergyman , residing in South Wales: On Saturday the 26th of March, I was robbed; I came to town on Friday; I left my great coat and saddle bags at the White-house-Cellar , when I came in by the coach; I called the next day for them; I sat down in a box in the coffee-room, while the girl went out for change for a guinea to pay her for the care she had taken of my great coat and bags; I had bespoke a bed, though I did not sleep in it; during my sitting there, a person unknown to me(not the prisoner) addressed me, and said, you are a gentleman from the country; he said, he was lately come from the country himself, and he wished to be more acquainted with me; he said, he was a clothier, at Cheltenham, in Gloucestershire, and came once a year to town, and asked, if I knew Ross, that he used to buy a great deal of wool at Ross-fair; he asked me what part of the town I was going to, I told him, Aldgate; the waiter brought me change for a guinea; he said, he was going immediately, drank his glass, and followed me out to the door; I was going to take a coach. for I was unacquainted with the town, and he told me there was no occasion, for he was going my way, and he would go with me; he said, he was going to the Bell-Savage, which was part of the way, and he would carry my saddle-bags for me, if I was ashamed to carry them, as I was a clergyman; as I went along Piccadilly, by the side of him, he stooped, and picked up something. What is it, says I, it is only a bit of waste paper, I dare say; says he, there is some substance in it, I am sure there is something of value in it, and we will not open it here; we will go into some house, says he, we must not talk of it here; we are just before the Duke of York's house, and it may be a thing of very great value; we walked on to the first - ale - house we came to, which I believe was the George; we went into a room there, and he took it out, now, says he, we can examine the contents of it; he opened a brown paper, in which was a little morocco pocket-case, and pulled out a receipt for 3401 for a diamond cross; I said, that is a receipt, that is of no value; then he said, there is something more within, he opened it, and there was a diamond cross, which he just shewed me, and then shut it up in the pocket-case again; sir, we have found a very valuable prize indeed, says he, and then he shewed me the receipt and read it; he asked me, what we had best do; I told him, he had better go to the jeweller, whose name was to the receipt, by which he might have information who the proprietor was; just at that time, the prisoner came in; the man, who had been with me before, said, I do not think that adviseable; the prisoner came in with a pen and ink, as if he was upon business; I believe the prisoner had sat down before he had asked me what was best to be done; the man that was with me, said, as we were both strangers, we had better ask that gentleman what he thinks of it, and handed it across to him; he looked at the receipt, and read it, after putting on his glasses; the man then asked him what he thought was best for us to do in that case; the pri soner said, I know the jeweller, and if I was worthy of advising you, I would not do so, or you will not have the reward that will be given; if you please to keep it a profound secret till Monday, you will see the advertisement in the paper what reward will be offered for picking it up; I said, I did not think that adviseable at all; I knew two or three jewellers in town, if he would go along with me, I would take it to them to know the value; no, by no means, says the prisoner, or else you will spoil all your fun or sport; I told him I had no concern in it, that I did not pick it up, if there was any reward for picking it up, it was for the other man.
The prisoner was not at the picking of it up?
No, he was not; each of them answered, that I was entitled to one half, whatever the reward was; the prisoner further said, as we lived in different parts of the town, it was not proper that he should have it without depositing a sum of money in my hands; the prisoner asked the other man what money he would deposit in my hand if he kept the property till Monday, to meet at such an hour on Monday, and see the public papers, to see what the reward was for picking it up; I would not consent to that, because my stay in town was very short; he then asked the other man what he would put down if he had the property by him till Monday; he answered, he would put down any sum he proposed, to the value of thirty or forty pounds, that he had no money in his pocket, but that he would go out to his friend, and would be back soon; then he delivered up the pocket-case to the prisoner, and insisted on my not going out of the room till his return; during his absence, the prisoner addressed me, and said, I am a gentleman who lives in the neighbourhood, says he, you are equally strangers to me; I think you are an honest man, and I will see that you are rectified in this matter, that he shall not take this property with him, without depositing a sum of money to your satisfaction; he prosessed a very great friendship for me, as a stranger in town; says he, I have the property by me, and he shall not take the advantage of you, for he may not be a man of the best character, but I will take care of that, and if you want any money to put down, I will advance you any sum of money, to the\\ amountof twenty or thirty pounds, for you, if he has none to put down; I thanked him for his proffer, and told him I would not be so troublesome; in the mean time, the other man returned, in about five or ten minutes, and the prisoner asked him if he had succeded, he said, no, his friend was not at home; then the prisoner said to me, what money will you advance, if you have the property in your care; he said, if I had not enough, he would advance for me, as from the conversation he had had with me, he believed I was an honest man; then they asked what money I had by me, I told them I had not much by me, but what paid my fare up, that I had three guineas and a half and some silver in my pocket, and that I was to receive some money before I went out of town; they asked me how much I had to receive, I told them, 241. I was going to the Governor of the Queen Anne's bounty, and it was then too late to wait on Mr. Stevens, and they asked me how I received it of Mr. Stevens, I told them I usually received it by\\ send\\ ing a friend with a receipt, it is payable half yearly: then they asked me if I had any acquaintance that I could get some money of, before I went to Mr. Stevens, as it was not payable that day; I told them I had, but it was a good way off, and I preferred going to a jeweller, and if the cross was to that value, he might come along with me, and my friend would advance the money for me; but the man that went in with me, would not hear any talk about the jeweller, and the prisoner got up, and said, that would never do, he had 20l. and upwards in his pocket, and he would advance any sum of money, and give me credit, rather than we should quarrel about it, and asked me if I would deposit the three guineas and an half, that I had in my hands, he would take care of the man and the property till I returned from my friend; and then I gave him three guineas and an half, and I was to take a coach, and be back before six o'clock, at the White-bear, but they begged me not to disclose to any man what the money was for, and to come back alone, or else I should torseit the deposit money; and he said, if you are the man you prosess to be, you will return without mentioning what you want it for, and then we shall conside in you, that you will keep it a secret; they said, they must not lose time, got up in a hurry, and called a coach; I asked the coachman what the fare was to Aldgate and back, he said, 5s. Come, come, said the prisoner, don't lose time about the fare, and they both of them rose me up into the coach, shut the door upon me, and desired the coachman to drive on; I went to my acquaintance, and he gave me a check on his banker for 201. I returned by the same coach, near to the White-bear, Piccadilly, and at a little distance, I could see the prisoner on the other side of the street, looking into the coach, as I thought, to see if I was the person, and he then immediately came up to the coach door; he asked me if I had got the money, I told him I had; he asked me how much, and if I had told my acquaintance what it was for; I said, I told him that I had a use for the money, but did not explain what use, and that my friend made no farther enquiry what I wanted it for, but gave me a check payable to bearer; just at that time, the other man came up to the side of the coach, and asked me if I had the money, I told him I had; yes, says the prisoner, he had got 201. he has done very well, he has not told his business; then they desired me to pay the coachman, and we would go in and settle the matter; I told him I did not intend to make any stay, and the coachman should take me back again; no, say they, pay him now, you may return back by another, we will get you a coach, and take you back a shorter way; I paid the coachman, and they took me into Panton-street, to a little ale-house there, the Union-arms; I told him I did not like to sit down in that house, that that was not the White-bear where they promised to meet me; the prisoner said, I need not be afraid, for he knew the man of the house very well; I told them I had got no cash; the other man seemed to be ignorant, and not to understand whether it was payable or not, and asked the prisoner whether it would do or not? yes, says he, it is very good payment, it is payable to bearer; the other man scrupled to take it at first. He then said, I should have the property if I would give him the check, and three guineas and a half, upon condition it should be sealed up with my seal, that I should not open it before one o'clock on Monday, nor disclose this business to any body, otherwise I should forseit all the money I had deposited; I begged leave to see it, and examine it; but they were in a great hurry, and wrapped it up in brown paper, and sealed it with three seals, left one should break, and gave it me into my hand, and they were to call on me on Monday noon; we then all went out together, and they walked with me to a coach; the prisoner said, he would see me restified, and would wait upon me with the other two on Monday at one o'clock, at Mr. Francis's, No. 63, Aldgate. I waited at home till one o'clock, and they did not come; I then told Mr. Francis I was afraid I had lost the check I had had of him. On the Wednesday following, I went to the Boltin-Tun, Fleet-street, to take the coach, to go out of town; I told the coachman I would go on to Oxford-road, and meet the coach there; and, as I was going from the inn, between that and Templebar, I met the prisoner; as he passed by me, he was in conversation with another person; when they had passed me, I told the young man that was with me, that that was one of the men that took my money; I turned back and addressed him, Sir, how do you do? and begged him to stop, he was in a hurry going on; I said, don't you recollect seeing me on Saturday evening? No, says he, I don't, you must mistake the person; I told him I knew him perfectly well; that I had reason to recollect him, if he did not me; I asked the gentleman who was in conversation with him if he knew the prisoner? and he said he never saw him before; I said he had taken my money from me on Saturday evening, and he was then walking away very fast, he would not hear the conversation; I turned back to keep my eye upon him, and the gentleman stepped on one side, and I saw no more of him; the prisoner said he would not be detained, that he was going upon business; I said, I would insist upon his going before a Magistrate; he said he would, but he would not be stopped in the street; I enquired for a Magistrate, and went over with him to a Mr. Wright's; he said he would not be detained; Mr. Wright was not in the way, but somebody there said, I will detain him; you are my prisoner, Sir, and then a constable was sent for, and he was taken before a Magistrate; the next day he was bailed.
Was he in the same dress then that he was in on the Saturday?
I believe, chiefly; but I did not take so much notice of his dress as of his person.
How long might he have been with you on the Saturday in the whole?
By one of their watches it was twenty minutes after four; when I came out of the house, to go for the money, I looked at my watch, I don't know what time it was when I came from the White-horse-Cellar; we might be in the publick-house about three quarters of an hour, or it may be an hour; when I met him on the Wednesday, I spoke to him, and from his articulate manner of speaking, I was confirmed that he was the person.
In the first place, let me ask you, whether you were not apprized at the Magistrates office, on the second day, by the officers, of who Mr. Wilson is, and that they knew, as well as they know where St. Paul's stands, who it was that had played this trick upon you?
No such thing.
Were you not apprized who Mr. Wilson was?
I believe him to be the person.
Now let me try your feelings a little; do you or do you not feel you have injured that gentleman beyond the power of reparation?
I should have felt it if I had.
Can you really persuade your heart, at this moment, after all you have heard, that he was the person?
He is the man that took my money.
Was this the first time of your being in London?
Yes.
Then of course you never heard of any thing of this kind?
Yes, I have, but it never occurred to me.
You say the man produced a receipt for this thing first?
Yes.
What became of this diamond cross?
I have it; (produces it)
You advised them to find out the jeweller that had made this?
Yes.
You had an opportunity of seeing who the jeweller was by the inspection of the receipt?
I just had the inspection of it once.
It was this third person that told you you were entitled to half with the finder?
Each of them did.
Therefore all your solicitude about the jeweller fell to the ground when that was talked of?
I saw the receipt, and wanted a copy of it; if I had had it I would have gone to him.
At what time was it that you opened it; because there is no apprehension of your forfeiting the deposit-money now?
I never opened it till the time was expired.
You, I take it for granted, are a clergyman?
Yes.
How was it, that this thing being found, and no right of property being in you, with the opportunity of finding out the jeweller, you did not take more active steps; what was your expection of advantage resulting from this business?
From the value of the property, as I thought, entrusted to my care, and I never had the examination of it.
You were to be at all this trouble, and lay out all this money, merely to find its proper owner?
I conceived, if it was real, it was an equivalent value.
But why was the owner to pay so much money as you advanced?
They both assured me that there would be more than that to each of us for finding it.
There is only three guineas in the indictment?
They returned me half-a-guinea when I gave them the check of twenty pounds.
You did not open it till the Monday, and therefore you could have no anxiety about it on the Sunday?
No.
What sort of a man was that other man that picked it up?
He was dressed like a farmer; he told me he was a clothier at Cheltenham, with brown lank hair, and pock-marked; he was booted and spurred, with a whip in his hand; he said, he was just come to town from Gloucester.
All these prossers of friendship from the person you supposed to be Mr. Wilson did not astonish you at all.
Not at all.
Did you get any fight of this rich jewel during the time you and the first man were talking together?
I cannot recollect; I believe I had a glimpse.
And you thought it was full worth the money it imported?
I thought it was a real reciptly.
Were you not assured, by some persons before the Magistrate, that this could not be the man?
No, I was not; I have heard since that it might be another man.
As it has been intimated to you that you might be wrong in the person, turning that intimation in your mind, are you now perfectly, satisfied that the prisoner is the man?
I am; that is the impression upon my mind.
I live with my father, who is a butcher in Aldgate; me and Mr Morgan were going to the Boltin-Tun, Fleet-street, on Wednesday last, between ten and eleven o'clock, he took a place in the stage, and paid his fare, to Gloucester; Mr. Morgan had to call in Cavendish-street, and we went on before the coach, and met Mr. Willon and another gentleman; Mr. Morgan said, that was one of the men that had sharped him; and he went up to him, and touched his hat, and said, how do you do, Sir? - Mr. Wilson touched his hat, and said the same; and said, I think you are a butcher, are not you? I replied, and said, yes, I was; we walked down to the bottom of Fleet-street, all four of us; Mr. Morgan told him he was one of the men that sharped him of his money; Mr. Wilson said, he was wrong, he had made a mistake in the person. Just before we got to the bottom of Fleet-street, I turned round, and said to the gentleman that was with him, do you know any thing of this man; and he said he never saw him before in his life; we then enquired where we could get a constable; and I looked round for the gentleman that was walking with Mr. Wilson, and I lost him all on a sudden; we took Mr. Wilson over to Mr. Wright's; a constable was sent for, and he was taken to Guildhall, and from there to the office in Hatton-Garden.
I am the father of the last witness; Mr. Morgan came to town on Good-Friday; he was at my house; he went out on Saturday morning, and returned about five o'clock, or a little after, and desired I would be kind enough to let him have twenty pounds, and I gave him a check upon my banker, payable to bearer, and on Monday, between twelve and one, he seemed to be looking out for somebody; I told him he had better walk in, that the air was cold; he said he was looking for a gentleman or two; and then he said he was afraid he had been taken in; and on Wednesday he left my house to return to Gloucester.
I am a backney coachman: This day fortnight I saw Mr. Morgan, and another gentleman, in Piecadilly, near the White-bear; Mr. Morgan got into the coach about twenty minutes after four, I drove him to Aldgate; I think I should know the gentleman that was with him, if I was to see him; he was dressed in a drab coat, a little taller than me; (looks round) I do not see him here. I brought Mr. Morgan from Whitechapel, and then two gentlemen met him; I set him down near the Whitebear, about twenty minutes after five; I got off the box to let Mr. Morgan out on to the pavement, and these gentlemen came to the off-side of the coach, and let him out into the middle of the street; Mr. Morgan paid me my fair, and they went towards the Haymarket. (Looks at the prisoner), I don't think that is the gentleman.
I live at the George, in Piccadilly; I remember three gentlemen coming in to have some rum and water, two gentlemen came in first, and one afterwards; Mr. Morgan was one of the two, the other was in a blue coat; and then another man came in afterwards, in a drab coloured coat; I don't think I should know him again; it was between three and four o'clock.
I am servant at the Union-arms, in Panton-street, Haymarket; there were two gentlemen at our house last week, along with Mr. Morgan, a little after five o'clock; we sent out for some ham and beef; I think I should know one of them, he had quite grey hair, and was dressed in a blue coat.
Look at the prisoner; was he one of them?
It is very much like the face of the man, but I cannot say, he is altered very much in his dress, if that is him, for his hair was very much about his ears.(The prisoner being called upon for his defence, said, he should leave it to his counsel).
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street.
You are no stranger to the trick of dropping rings, and so forth?
Certainly not; I was sent to look at a man in custody, at the office in Covent-Garden, to see whether I had any knowledge of him; or not; I saw the prisoner there, and I told the Magistrates I did not know him as being a man of that description.
You said that in the hearing of Mr. Morgan, of course
I don't know that it was.
I am one of the officers of Bow-street.
You are acquainted with a great number of people who play these tricks upon the town?
Yes.
Do you know any persons of that description who resemble the prisoner at the bar?
I do; I know two that have been in that line many years, that very much resemble him.
After the prisoner was bailed, I had also the curiosity to go and see him, and the moment I saw him, I was perfectly satisfied that he was no sharper; and there certainly are two men that resemble the person of the prisoner, as much as one man can be like another; one of them was tried in this Court a very short time ago.
I believe you were many years chaplain to the Princess Amelia?
Yes; and Mr. Wilson was gardener to her a very considerable time; I considered his character while he was in the Princess's family, as in every degree respectful; I never heard the smallest furmise that could at all impeach his character.
I have known Mr. Wilson a great many years; he is one of the most respectable men in his profession as a gardener, and a man of the most unimpeached character; I have been in the habit of making myself acquainted with those gardeners who are the most respectable, and I know no man whose character is more unimpeached.
I am gardener to his Majesty at Kew; I have known Mr. Wilson upwards of fourteen years; I never knew a man in my life of better character; I am fully convinced he is incapable of any bad action.
I believe, but for this interruption, he would have been at this time, gardener to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales?
I was applied to for a gardener for the Prince, and I know no person so proper as Mr. Wilson; I waited upon Mr. Wilson, and desired he would be at home on Thursday, and on the Saturday following; I called upon him on the Sunday, and he told me he had been waiting at home all Saturday, and was very much disappointed at my not calling.
I have the honour to be employed about the person of his Majesty; I have been in habits of intimate friendship with Mr. Wilson, upwards of twenty-seven years; during that period I have never heard any thing disrespectful, either of his moral character or abilities in his profession, and I believe I know more of his pecuniary circumstances than any other man, and I know he has no outward temptation whatever; I verily believe in my conscience he is as innocent of this as any man.
I have known Mr. Wilson ever since he was in the household of the Princess Amelia; his character is a most excellent one; he was respected by every body who knew him.
I was in the household of the Princess Amelia; I have known Mr. Wilson twenty-seven years, fourteen of which I had the honour to serve her Royal Highness; his character is unimpeachable in every respect, he is incapable of any impropriety whatever.
I am the King's gardener, at Kensington; I have known Mr. Wilson ever since July or August, 1767; his character is unimpeachable; we have been in the habit of communicating with each other in our professional line; I have visited him, and he me, and I believe him incapable of any thing bad.
I am a feedsman; I have known Mr. Wilson upwards of twenty-five years; I have been in the habit of doing business with him, and never heard a fault of him in my life; I can say no more of him than what has now so often been repeated.
I am a feedsman in the Strand; I knew Mr. Wilson when he was in the service of the Princess Amelia, and of Lord Mount Edgcumbe, his character is honest and unimpeachable.
I am employed in collecting plants for his Majesty; I have known Mr. Wilson since 1772, he always bore an unimpeached character.
I am a nurseryman; I have known Mr. Wilson six or eight and twenty years; I always had the greatest respect for his honour and integrity; I have the highest opinion of him.
Now I will prove the utter impossibility of his being the man.
I live in Brompton-row; I know Mr. Wilson perfectly well; I live at No. 6, and he lives at No. 3, in the same Row; he was at our house on Saturday the 26th of March, about three o'clock, a market gardener's cart generally calls upon its return from market; Mr. Wilson took particular notice of the horses, how fat they were, and my mother said, they were the finest horses that travelled that road.
I am the mother of the last witness; I live at Brompton; I saw Mr. Wilson on the Saturday before Easter-Sunday, about three o'clock, at our house; we deal in coals, he came to pay for something that he had had; he asked me whose cart that was, and I told him; he said they were very fine horses; I said, I believed they were the best horses that went that road, and then he went away.
I was at Brompton on the Saturday, and saw Mr. Wilson coming out of his own door at Brompton, about five o'clock.
Mr. Wilson lives at my house: On Saturday the 26th of March, I saw him from the morning till about four o'clock, he dined in the kitchen that day, which he did not usually do.
There is certainly no occasion to trouble the Court any further, we are perfectly satisfied.
