- I was a newsman at the time this happened, No.15, Coventry-court: On the 4th of August, about twelve, o'clock at might, I met the prisoner in Spur-street, Leicester-fields; I went with her to Mrs. Clark's, in Prince's-court, Whitcomb-street ; I was in liquor, I believe I had drank too much; I went to sleep almost di rectly, and did not know any thing of the loss till morning.
How do you know you had your watch when you went into the house?
I am perfectly clear of that.
You were in liquor you know?
I am very clear of that.
A great many girls spoke to you?
No.
None?
I do not know, none, I am certain I had my watch then.
What makes you certain?
I know I had it.
You must give us some reason why you are certain; did you find your watch again afterwards?
- No, I found nothing; the pawnbroker produced the watch at Bow-street.
But what makes you clear that you had your watch when you went into the house?
I certainly had it, and saw it just before, while I was with that person.
How long before had you seen it?
I do not think it could be many minutes before I went into the house.
Are you sure that you saw it before you went into the house?
Most assuredly I am.
As soon as you got into the house, you went to bed, I suppose?
I did.
With this woman?
Yes.
Where did you put your breeches?
Under the bolster.
Are you quite certain of that?
Yes; when I awoke in the morning, I found the breeches upon the bolster instead of under it.
Where was the woman?
She was gone; when I came down, I enquired of the person, who I took to be the master of the house, and found the was gone; I told him what I had lost, and left the house; I know nothing more than that, till I understood she was taken up, this was of the Friday, and she was taken up on the Wednesday following, when my watch was produced, and one of my pocket handkerchiefs.
Look at that woman, and tell me if you can swear that is the woman you picked up?
No; I cannot swear to her.
- I live at No. 1 Prince's-court, Whitcomb-street.
What house do you keep there?
A lodging house; the prosecutor brought in that young woman to sleep with him at my house, on a Friday, about twelve o'clock at night.
Did she lodge in your house?
Yes; she had lodged there about a week, she got up before the man, and went out.
How do you know that?
She came down stairs about three o'clock to get some water, she said, the person she had up stairs was very dry, and wanted some water, and then she went out, she did not return with any water, and in the morning this man got up, and said, he had been robbed of a silver watch, and his pocket handkerchief, and some money.
How many lodgers had you in your house?
Only one besides her.
In the same way of life, I suppose?
Yes.
You saw this man come in over night?
Yes.
You saw that he was very drunk?
No, I did not see that he was drunk.
And you saw her too?
Yes.
Was no liquor called for?
Yes; they had three half quarterns of gin, I asked a girl to go and get it for them, that lived just by, I had no servant.
What apartment in your house does this woman occupy?
She had no room particularly.
Nor the other had no room particularly, I suppose?
No.
Whoever they brought home had a room to go into?
Yes.
What room had they?
The two pair of stairs.
How came they not to have the one pair?
There is only one room on a floor.
Is that according as they pay?
Yes.
You get paid first, do not you?
Yes.
What are you paid?
One shilling.
Is this woman at all in your debt?
No.
Not at all?
No.
Perhaps she did not bring much company to the house?
No, she did not live long with me.
But during the time she was there, was she a prositable lodger?
Yes.
You have had no quarrel with her?
Not the least in the world.
Was the other woman at home at the time this happened?
No; she came in about six o'clock in the morning.
Are you sure that nobody could go into this man's room that night?
I can almost swear that they could not.
What does your family consist of?
There were only three people in the house, me, and the young man that I live with, and the young girl that lodges with me.
What became of her when she came in?
She went up stairs in the one pair, and went to bed.
Might not any body take a man into your house?
No, only people about the neighbourhood that I know.
Do you mean to say, that none of them were there that night?
I am very positive there was not.
Then it is not only open for those girls that lodge in your house, but any body in the neighbourhood?
Yes.
Which of them paid you a shilling for the bed, the man or the woman?
The man.
You were sober that night, I suppose?
Yes, perfectly.
How do you know that she went to bed at six o'clock?
I heard her go up stairs into the one-pair.
Who let her in?
The young man that I live with.
Did you receive no more than one shilling?
No.
Nor expected no more in the morning?
No.
- I am constable of St. Martin's in the Fields: On the 5th of August last, I was sent for by Mrs. Clark, the last witness, to take charge of a woman that had stole a watch; I went to take her backwards, and I conceived that she was hiding something between her legs, upon which account I called for a woman of the name of Mrs. Brown, to come and search her, she searched her, and said she could find nothing; there was a parcel of girls in the front parlour, and I believe a man or two might be there at the same time; there were three or four girls.
In the front parlour?
Yes; I took her up stairs, and stripped her, I could find nothing at all about her, and I told her, you have had the watch, and the duplicate is somewhere about you; Mrs. Brown said she had better own where it was.
Then you must not tell us what she owned?
I went down stairs, and found a huswife with eighteen duplicates in it, lying behind the door, I think the must have kicked it from where she stood; amongst them was a duplicate of a watch, pawned at Battersea; then I went to Bow-street, and she was committed upon Mrs. Clark's evidence: I went to Battersea, and found the watch there by the duplicate.
- I am a pawnbroker, at Battersea: On the 5th of August last, a woman came in and offered a watch to pawn, I cannot say whether it was the prisoner or not, she looks like the woman, but I cannot swear to her.
Is that your duplicate that the constable has got?
Yes, it is; she said her husband and she had come from Portsmouth that day, and they did not like to pawn the watch till they got as near home as they could, and they made all the shifts they could upon that account.
This is my watch, my name is upon the dial plate.
I was at Winkworth's buildings, City-road, at the time that he says I was with him.
