You live in Oxford-street
Yes.
Mr. Speke is one of the Supreme Council of Bengal ?
The prisoner had been my servant a year and a half; in consequence of some suspicion, I directed the plate chest to be examined on the 5th of April, he had left my service suddenly; the plate chest was under his care, and was kept in the room where he slept, nobody else had access to it, he kept the key; in the plate chest I found some pawnbroker's duplicates wrapped up in the list of the plate; I lost various spoons.
Have you such a recollection of the plate, to say that there were spoons of various sorts missing?
Yes.
I believe resort was had to a Mr. Moore, a pawnbroker?
Yes; he produced some spoons which I knew to be mine.
Were there any wages due to him, when he went away?
Five days after he went, his quarter became due.
He did not apply to you for any wages, or any thing of that sort?
He applied to me about a fortnight before, to advance him some money to bury a child.
Did you comply with this application?
I advanced him some money towards his wages, and afterwards made him a present of it.
This poor man was in distress, and you were kind enough to assist him?
I did.
Mr. Speke has been a considerable time abroad, I believe?
About twenty years.
Do you know that he is living now?
I had a letter from him about four months ago.
I am housekeeper to Mr. Speke.
Was the prisoner at the bar a fellow servant of your's?
Yes; on the 5th of April, between eleven and twelve, I went into the pantry to tell him to get his plate ready, that my mistress was coming down to look it over; he said, very well, and asked me if my mistress was offended with him; and I said, I believed she was; he asked me if I thought my mistress meant to discharge him, and I told him I could not tell; he said, he hoped not, for if she did, he did not know what he should do, he then cried, and seemed very much agitated.
Had you any other coversation with him?
Yes; I said, why did he offend his mistress, and stay out so; he said, he had been distressed, and he had had a little business, which would be settled in a day or two, and then, after that, he would be very good; I saw him between one and two o'clock that day, and never saw him after, till I saw him at Bow-street.
You were not present when the plate chest was opened?
No.
The poor man has always borne a very good character before this?
I believe he has.
I am a pawnbroker, in Bird-street, Mary-le-bonne; the prisoner came to me on the 24th of September, and pledged these spoons, in the name of Samuel Saunders.
What are the initials upon the spoons?
A.S.S. I have had them ever since.
Are you sure as to the person of the prisoner?
Yes, I am quite.
Were they brought all at one time?
No; here are six table spoons, and six tea spoons brought at one time.
What did you lend upon them?
two pounds ten shillings.
They are worth more, are they not?
Yes.
Look at these, and tell us if they are your spoons?
They are mine.
How much is the\\ amountof all the things that were pledged?
Four pounds.
How much wages were due to him?
Five guineas.
I am a patrol belonging to Bow-street; I went down to Chatham, and apprehended the prisoner last Friday was a week, he had inlisted in the 51ft regiment, in the name of Newman.
At the time you apprehended him, did he say any thing?
I asked him if he knew a lady of the name of Speke, in Oxford-road; he said, no; but there was another person with me, who identified him, and then he said he was the person that lived servant with Mrs. Speke.
What character did this poor man bear?
The best imaginable.
