I know the prisoner at the bar, and I have known the man she lived with, that is dead, since Michaelmas; I was at her house about eight o'clock in the evening, on the 23d of February; there was Jane Churn , and another good woman standing talking together, in the house.
How soon did the unfortunate man, that was killed, come in?
I went home and came back again, and then I saw the man who is dead; this other good woman. and her husband, went away; I took my loaf off the table, and wished them a good night; and he said, are you a going already, Peg? and I said, yes, Jem; with that, he said, Peg, I have got a job or two for you to do; with that, I turned back again to do the job.
What job did you understand was to be done?
He did not tell me what; and he asked Jane Churn whether she had got any thread? but she gave no answer; and then he called her a bloody bitch, and struck her two or three times about the head; she rebelled off the chair, and then they both of them fell a fighting; and they fought for about a quarter of an hour, and he got her down, with his two knees upon her; and I cried out for mercy on both sides, because I thought there would be murder; they parted from fighting, about a moment, and then she went to the table, and took up a fork, and run it into his side; I cannot recollect which side it was.
Did she say any thing at that time?
No.
Did the deceased say any thing?
He said, Oh Peg, I shall die, and went down stairs; I took the candle and went down stairs after him; I left her in the room, and by that time he was dropped.
Did the prisoner come down afterwards?
Yes; she came down with a poker in her hand, and hit him sortly over the back.
How soon did this poor man die?
He was dead by the time I had got to the bottom of the stairs.
What became of the prisoner?
She sat down by him, and made a sad morning, when she saw what she had done; she said, O dear, what have I done, I have killed my poor Jemmy! she went into her room, and the constable soon afterwards took her.
I shall now call the surgeon.
There can be no occasion; there is no doubt that the deceased died of that wound.
