The prisoner at the bar was at my house; I keep a little house, he rented a room in my house, and paid every night for about a fortnight, or rather better. On the 11th of February the prisoner at the bar was in my house all the morning, till about three o'clock in the afternoon, about which time the prisoner at the bar he came down, and he borrowed a tub to wash in; my wife was going out, he saw her getting the things on her child to go out, in her own room; he went out and bought coals and wood, and took it up in his own room; coming down the second time to my room he came into the kitchen, and borrowed a kettle to boil some water for the washing, then the bed room stood open, and he had a view of the bed room and all the place; my wife she went out, and he stood in the passage while she locked the kitchen door; no mankind was in the house but the prisoner, and no person but one woman big with child up three pair of stairs, besides my wife and the prisoner; my wife went out, she was not gone above an hour, and she returned back and found the house broke in from the back yard; I saw the place broke of the glass of the window of the bed room.
The back of the house was it broke from within or from without?
From without. She did not shut the shutters of the window when she went out; there was a catch inside that they could not get at without breaking the glass; when she came in the catch was loose, and the glass broke; there was a catch inside that they could not get at without breaking the glass; when she came in the catch was loose, and the glass broke; there was a large chest of mine in the bed room, and the night preceding this I put all my things in that chest, and this pair of stockings I wore the same day, the Sunday; they were in the chest, I left the key in the chest. I don't know whether I locked it or not, I left the key, the box was opened, and all my things were taken out, there were two coats taken out, two waistcoats, one pair of black silk stockings, that was all that was taken out of the box; from the lines of the room there were more taken, two coats more were taken from the line that was across the room, and two waistcoats, and a pair of breeches, a jacket, a pair of boots, two shirts, a silk cloak, out of the room, a cotton gown, two muslin caps, a muslin apron, a pair of leather breeches, two cotton shawls, a sheet was also gone off his own bed in the room that he slept in; there was nothing taken besides wearing apparel except the sheet. My wife returned back, she was not gone above an hour, she found the place robbed, she suspected the prisoner at the bar, she ran up to his room and opened his door; in the afternoon she came to me to the shop where I was, and told me of it; the next morning I went to Bow-street, and did not see his face till last Wednesday, since the 11th of February, when he was brought on his trial for robbing of a man of sixteen shillings, and I was acquainted of it from the magistrate; I saw him in Marlborough-street office.
How came you to be acquainted by the magistrate that this man was taken up?
I advertised in hand bills, and a reward for taking him.
Ask him whether he let the room to me or to one George Webb ?
My wife let him the room.
Ask him whether he did not take up George Webb to Bow-street, and he was discharged after two hearings?
I did; I took him up on suspicion that he might know something of this man robbing of me and he had his discharge; there was proof come that he was with his mother all the day.
I am the wife of the last witness; I missed a great deal of wearables, six cloth coats, and shawls, and a cloak, all the articles in the indictment I missed, they were all in my bed room, some in a chest, and some loose on the lines; I missed them at three o'clock in the afternoon, I went out, and when I came back I found the room broke in.
What time did you go out?
I went out about three, and I was out about an hour; when I went out the window was fastened down with an iron catch, when I came home there was a pane of glass broke, and the iron hoop was pulled up; when I missed the goods I suspected John Carter , and I went up into his room and I found his door open, the key was in the door, and I picked up this silk stocking by his bed side, it is my husband's stocking, I know it; he left one behind in the chest where the robbery was committed, and I brought it down and fellowed it, which I can swear to be my husband's.
They may be fellows, but how do you know them to be your husband's? were they marked?
They were not; but I can swear to them; he wore them the Sunday before the robbery was committed.
When did you next see the goods that were stolen?
I never saw nothing more of the goods than this silk stocking. There was a sheet likewise, which he had on his bed, which I forgot to mention, and I missed that likewise, there was one marked on, and one unmarked, and I missed the unmarked one. He was immediately pursued after, and advertised, and hand bills given about.
When did he go away from your house?
He went away the same day as he committed the robbery; I never saw him again till he was taken on suspicion of another robbery.
Ask her whether she let the room to me or George Webb ?
I will be on my oath I let it to the prisoner, and he paid me six-pence earnest at the same time.
Ask her whether this said George Webb did not come along with one Moore that lodged with her before?
There was nobody come to take the room but him; and he paid me six pence earnest.
Ask her whether there was not one George Webb lay with me from the time I came into the room?
I don't know who he had for his bedfellow, I noticed he had him with him for a few nights in the room, but not for a consiancy; but this day the robbery was committed I make an oath he was not there from nine in the morning till ten at night; and after the robbery he was committed that night, when he came home to my apartment.
Ask her whether it is not a common lodging house for all forts of jack ass chaps?
No, it is a lodging house for working people; but at the time there was no other lodger but a woman that was big with child, making of soldiers clothes, and she is with me still.
What is the value of the things you have lost?
I dare say the cheapest I can value them at is six or seven pounds, and my husband if he was obliged to pledge the articles could get that for them, that he has marked them at.
John Carter was brought to Marlborough-street on a charge of felony; I took him into custody for robbing a man of sixteen shillings; he was committed for re-examination from Monday to Wednesday, in the mean time I had information that this man had advertised having lost things the 11th of February; I went and fetched the parties forward up to the office, and they came and give evidence against him, and he was committed.
Did you find any goods when he was committed?
No.
I was at work for a plasterer, and so I light of that George Webb , and as I wanted a lodging he said he had a room, for which he paid five-pence a night that was half a crown a week, and he said if I would pay half that I should lodge with him, and George Webb asked me to lodge with him; coming home one night I heard that this said Mr. Croney had taken up this said George Webb for a robbery, and I did not go home that night, because next morning I was going to a country job, and then I heard afterward that he was looking after me; he had this George Webb up to Bow-street, and likewise three girls that used to come up with this George Webb , and had them examined, and they were discharged; I was up about this six weeks from the country, and about the neighbourhood ever since, and he said he was resolved to have forty pounds if he could, for to make up for his goods. I paid George Webb the twopence halfpenny a night, and he paid the five-pence. I have no Witness but my mother.
