I am a linen-draper , in Fleet-street : On Friday the 12th of February, about half past three in the afternoon, I was told that two young men wanted me: I was writing in the counting-house; I went forward and found the prisoner, Lancashire, and another person, whose name I since find is Thomas Williams, in my front shop; Lancashire told me they came from Mrs. Newland of Clapham, a very old friend and customer of mine, for some patterns of striped ginghams, and striped calicos, for waistcoats and trowsers, that they were going to the East-Indies; I showed them what few I had, and offered to get, them some more, which they agreed to call for at half past five the same evening; they called about that time, and my servant came up to me, and said, they had called and asked if I had any message; I said, none but my compliments; On the Tuesday following, I wanted some cambricks, they were kept upon a shelf, in an iron safe, in the counting-house; I put my hand up, and there were no cambricks; I enquired of my two shopmen if they knew any thing of them; they searched every place and could not find them; in the afternoon, one of my servants said to me, Do you know that the two men, that came from Mrs. Newland's, wrote a letter in the counting-house?
We must not hear what your servant said to you.
The next morning I went over to Clapham to learn the truth of their account, and found no such persons came from Mrs. Newland, and there were no persons of that description in her house; suspicion immediately sell on the prisoner; I took out a warrant at Guildhall for his apprehension on the same morning; I traced him to the Merlin's-cave, in Spa-fields, where he was taken on the Friday, and this piece of cambrick I have in my hand, was found in his lodgings by my servant.
Did they obtain what they wanted for Mrs. Newland?
That was only some little slips for patterns.
I am journeyman to Mr. Hounsom: On Friday the 12th of February, I was standing in the shop, the prisoner came, and a friend with him, of the name of Williams, and asked if Mr. Hounsom was at home; I called Mr. Hounsom, and the prisoner told him he came from Mrs. Newland's of Clapham, an old customer of his, and wanted some patterns of ginghams. and calicos for jackets and trowsers, that they were going abroad; Mr. Hounsom said, he had but sew, but as it was for an old customer, he would get some patterns, and send that evening by the post; the prisoner said their was no occasion to do that, they should be by in the evening, and would call for them; Mr. Hounsom sent me into the city to procure the patterns; I got them, and between five and six o'clock, the prisoner and Williams came for them; I went up to Mr. Hounsom, and said, they were come for the patterns; he said he had nothing to say to them, but give them to them, with the price and his compliments; I delivered them to them in the counting-house; the prisoner then said to Williams, you had better write your letter; he said, he would, it would save time; he asked me for a sheet of writing-paper, which I gave him at the desk; I staid while he wrote some part, and then gave him a waser, and lest them and went into the other shop; I did not suspect any thing then; they staid about twelve minutes, and then went away, carrying the letter with them; on the Tuesday following, Mr. Hounsom missed his cambricks, and asked me if I knew any thing of them, I told him no; I could not think what could be come of them; suspicion fell directly on the prisoner and Williams, as they were lest alone; I went with the constable and found the prisoner at Merlin's-cave, a public-house, in Cold-bath-fields, on the Friday; I gave charge of him to George Allen , the constable; we then went with him to his apartments, which were just by; when we came there and found the cambrick, the prisoner told me to take it out of his apartment at my peril; I brought it away to Mr. Hounsom, and he took it to Bow-street.
Where did you find it?
On the table, between the two windows, under a glass; it lay folded up without any paper over it, in the same way as it was in our shop; I knew it to be my master's property, there is a private mark upon it in Mr. Hounsom's hand-writing.
When you came to my apartments, where did you find the cambrick?
On the table, with a dozen or fourteen pair of silk stockings upon it.
Was that private mark upon it at the time?
It was.
When I was at the bottom of Cold-bath-fields, do you remember my putting a mark upon that cambrick?
Yes.
Do you know your master's mark?
Yes; it is C D A.
Have you any doubt that that property belongs to your master?
None in the world.
What is the value of this property?
I suppose twenty pounds and upwards.
I am a constable: I know nothing more than feeing the shopman find that piece of cambrick in the prisoner's apartment, on Friday the 19th of February, in a house near Merlin's-cave; Price took it away, and when we came to the bottom of Cold-bath-fields, the prisoner marked it.
Do you know what mark the prisoner put upon it?
No; he marked it with a pencil.
I am a constable.
Do you know any more than the last witness?
No; only executing the warrant; I took the prisoner on the 19th.
(To Mr. Hounsom). Look at that property.
This is my property; My mark is on it now, it is C D A, with a stroke coming down; there was about seven yards and a-half in each piece.
What is the value of the piece found upon him?
It cost me 5l. 15l.; and this was the lowest of all the pieces; the mark has been attempted to be rubbed out; there was a ticket at the end, which is torn off and gone.
My Lord, I beg to be permitted to read my defence,
(To Hounsom.) Did you allow this man any thing?
I allowed him 5s. a week for two weeks; he told me he was married to a young woman between eighteen and nineteen; afterwards another wife was produced, and I found he was not married to this woman; that was the reason I stopped it.
