I saw a pump was put to the place where one was stole from, and this appears to be the pump that was stole from thence.
Did you know this pump to be the pump of Lord Dynevor?
I did not, but his pump had been removed, and that filled the place.
I have got a leaden pump here, I took it from the prisoner, it was in his possession, he was in Mountain street, the back of Portman-square; Lord Dynevor lives in Portman-square ; when he saw me coming up to him, he let it drop out of his hand against the wall, and set his back against it. When I came up, I apprehended him, and took him to the watch-house.
What account did he give of having the pump in his possession?
I saw him take it off the stones where it was put, at the back of Mr. Montague's in George-street; but when I brought him to the watch-house, he said, he knew nothing at all about it; there were two of them together.
Had you ever seen that pump near Lord Dynevor's stables?
No, I have not; I have compared it with the place, where a pump was taken from, and it seems to fit the place.
How far is Lord Dynevor's house from the place where this pump was among the stones at Mr. Montague's?
About a hundred yards.
You had not observed any pump at all at Lord Dynevor's, previous to this time?
I had not.
Then you know nothing more to effect the prisoner at the bar, but that he had this pump in his possession, at the time he was apprehended?
I asked him, what he did with it? he said he knew nothing about it; there was another person along with him, and they and the sack, the same sack that I have now, to put it in, they had the sack, but they did not put it in. I did not see the prisoner in possession of the sack.
There was a young man that came to our house, and we went up to Mrs. Sparks, to have a quartern of peppermint, and we met this Nathaniel Hardiman, and another; and Nathaniel Hardiman had this pump on his shoulder, and he put it among the stones at Montague house, I saw him do it, I knew him before.
Had you any conversation with him afterwards?
I had not; he came to the corner, and asked me, if I would have any thing to drink? I said, No.
Did you perceive from what place they came with this pipe?
He came over to me, and put it among the stones.
Did you see him come from any person's house in the neighbourhood?
No.
Had you ever observed a pump annexed to the stables of Lord Dynevor?
Yes, I saw this pump, and put it to the place where it appeared to have been before; I saw it fitted, it appeared to me to fit very well, it appeared to have come from that place; the first that ever I saw of it, was, the watchman bringing of it, I did not see it in the state it is now in, till Wednesday last.
I am a watchman of the night in Portman-square, where I have known this pump for these eight years; it was fixed at Lord Dynevor's stables, I worked it many a time.
Have you known any horses water at that pump?
I have drawn water from that pump many a time for my lord's horses, and for, the gentleman that lived there, before my lord came there. It was as close to the stable as it could be, near the stable door, as close to the bricks as ever it could be.
When did you first observe it had been taken away?
About half past six that same night, the 19th of last month it was there; there are two parties of watchmen in Mary-le-bone, and I did not find it gone till the next morning.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
No.
I had been to No. 35, Manchester-street, the overnight, when a gentlewoman told me, I was to come the next morning for the dust; I went, and I was very dry, and I asked for a drop of table beer, and she brought me up a pint and a half, and it was very sour; but I drank a good draught of it, and it gave me the gripes, and I went to ease myself, and that man came and catched hold of me, and said I must go along with him.
