I live at Newington, Surry. On the 11th of September last, as I was returning from the city home, a young man was in the chaise with me, and a young woman, it was a one horse chaise, with the head half down; about eight in the evening, going along the street, my young man had his arm in the head of the chaise, and he felt something, and out he jumps directly out of the chaise, and seizes the prisoner; I understand that he was not jumped down from the chaise, he seized him before he got down from the chaise; then I observed the chaise head all cut through, and my young man found that he was taking out a parcel.
I know no more about it than you.
Was he immediately seized?
I see no other with him, I stopped my chaise as soon as I could.
I was in a chaise with Mr. Holloway, this was in Carter-lane leading to Black-friars from St. Paul's, just by Paul's-chain , about eight o'clock in the evening, I had my hand in the head of the chaise, there was in it a little bundle of childrens clothes, the young lady sat in the middle, and I perceived a knife rent the chaise, I heard something cut the chaise, and the prisoner had not cut it sufficiently the first time, he gave another cut, I turned about and saw him rustling, trying to take it; I immediately turned myself round, jumped out of the chaise over the Wheel and saw him behind the chaise with his hand trying to take the bundle out, and I immediately catched hold of him by the collar, he was sitting underneath, on the chaise, at that time, I see him on the chaise, but before I could recover myself he was jumped off, I did not jump off, I jumped quite over the wheel, and so as the chaise was going on I was behind the chaise.
I was going along with three more gentlemen, and this young man jumped out of the chaise and took me into a house to see if I had any knife about me, and I had no knife at all, that could cut the chaise; the sessions before last, I was discharged from it by proclamation for the same fact as I am now indicted for.
I was in the country and did not come home till the day after the sessions, and it was too late that sessions.
