I rent a parlour in Gibson's-court, in the parish of St. James's, Westminster , in the house of John Watkins . On the 3d of June, I went out about nine o'clock in the evening, and double locked my door, I have only one door; the street door was not locked; I left my key with an opposite neighbour. I returned about a quarter after nine, as near as I can recollect; I found the door was open, the lock was forced off, the lock staple that holds the lock was forced off, and thrown down, it was found double locked, but still the lock was forced off.
I saw two lurking fellows lurking about this court, as I stood at the top of the court; I went in and acquainted my father and mother of it; while I was in acquainting my father and mother with it, when I came out first I found James Atkins joined with another, and while I was in acquainting my father and mother James Atkins passed the window, and looked in; our window is right facing Mr. De Knight's; I said there he is; the prisoner is the same; Mr. De Knight's door looks into our window; he went up the arch way and whispered with another, we could hear the whispering; I went out and saw him shoot into the passage all of a sudden, of Mr. De Knight's room, and I ran in, and found him inside of Elizabeth De Knight's room, and the box staple wrenched; it was the parlour door.
Did it, or did it not, appear to have been locked?
It was double locked. I asked him what he wanted there? I collared him by his coat; he said he wanted one Mrs. Lewis, a mantua maker.
Is there any such a person living in your neighbourhood?
Not that I know of, and I was born where I live now. He turned about then, and instantly my mother came running, and we both laid hold of him, and insisted to know what he wanted, we told him we would detain him till we knew what Mrs. De Knight had lost; and while we were holding him somebody fetched a constable, and the constable came and searched him, and found three keys on him, one looks very suspicious, it is here, a pick-lock key, or a patent key. I am a carpenter; I know something about keys. We found nothing else but a few shillings. The other man that was along with him stood about six feet from him, in the arch way, as I suppose to see what he brought out; I had seen them both together before in the arch way, the arch way is about two yards from the door at the beginning. As soon as I catched hold of the one he walked on, and while we were in the room, and the constable was searching the prisoner, we heard that he was looking in at the window.
He said he catched me in the house; I was knocking at the door. - As soon as ever I catched him in the room he instantly attempted to knock at the door with his knuckles, and said halloo; but I found him inside of the door; he got back from me as soon as I collared him, but my mother instantly came up, when I asked him what he wanted? he said one Mrs. Lewis.
Are you quite clear that he was inside of the door at the time you took hold of him?
I am.
On the 3d of June, about the hour of nine, I was sitting in my own room, which is opposite to Mrs. De Knight's; mine is a jut-out window, with is light on each side, I was sitting there, and my son comes in, and says, where is Mrs. De Knight? says I, she is just gone out, and I have got the key; she had left the key with me as she has a child; he came in and told me that there were several suspicious men that had been lurking about at Mrs. De Knight's, that he had been watching for a quarter of an hour; while he was relating this, the prisoner past by the window, I got up from my chair and I saw him.
Did you see him so distinctly as to be able to know his person again?
Perfectly.
How light was it?
It was too dark to see to work; it was dusk, rather about nine, or something after, it was light enough to discern any body, it was light enough to discern it was him.
Is it from what you see of him then that you are able to know him again?
No, he past by the window and looked in, and I looked at him, and when he got under the arch way I heard a whispering, and in a moment I see him dart instantly in; O dear, says I, the man has got in.
Did you lose any property at all that night?
None.
