I live at No. 9, Ogle-court ; I went out about five in the afternoon, to the best of my knowledge, and it was almost ten before I returned.
What day was it?
The 27th, I believe on Wednesday.
Did you leave any body in the house?
Not in my apartment; my landlord was in the lower part of the house, under my two rooms, his name is William Fullford ; I live by myself. When I went out I locked my room, and found it locked when I came home.
How soon did you return after you went out?
A little before ten. I left the window a little open when I went out, and left some linen on the line, that I had taken out of the yard, and there was nothing missing from the lines but the coloured apron hanging between the two lines.
Where was this line?
Across the room.
Did you miss it when you came home?
Not till the night, when I struck a light to see if there was any thing lost, and I missed it.
Did not you miss it as soon as you came home?
I did not; I missed nothing when I went in; I got up to see if my linen was on the line, after I had been a bed asleep I got up in the night and struck a light, and then I missed it.
What induced you to get up and strike this light?
I got up on purpose to see if my linen was on the line; and when I first went home my landlady told me that there was a man taken from the window of my apartment.
How happened it then that before you went to bed you did not look?
I looked round and missed nothing then.
Then after you was in bed you thought of getting up and looking again?
Only once.
And then you missed this apron?
Yes.
Did you go to bed again?
Yes.
Did you see it the next day?
No.
Did you ever see it again?
No.
Has it ever been found?
No.
I am a brewer.
Have you any thing to say against that prisoner?
Yes. When I was coming out of my own door (I live right opposite Mrs. Blenham) I saw this man about six o'clock, I saw this man reaching up to the window, looking into this Mrs. Blenham's room, after he looked in he went a little farther, and went into the passage of the house, and tried the door of this Mrs. Blenham; the passage door was open as it most commonly is, and then he came out again and went down to the corner of the street, and there were two more of them, and they all three came down together, and they looked at the place, and he went in and tried the door again; there were two more, a man and a strong lad; and then he came out again, and went to the corner to one of his comrades.
Could you see what past in the passage at her door?
Yes, very well. After he had been with his companions, he comes back and goes to the passage door again, and pushed it very hard, I could hear it; and then he came out, and went to his companions; and went and tried the window, and pulled the window down; the window was a little down, it was just so, as you might put your hand in; he pulled it down lower, as low as he could pull it, then he put his hand in, and brought something out, but what it was, I cannot pretend to say; it was the top sash that he drawed down; then he took something out, and gave it to his companions at the corner of the street, and came back again, and put his arms in again for to reach something else, and I went, and catched hold of him; I said to him, what do you want here? he said, I am doing nothing only pissing against the wall; says I, your arms have no business against the window. My man he saw the same, and I called to the watchman, and took him to the watch-house.
Can you say with absolute certainty, that you lost a check apron?
I lost it from the time I went out, to the time I got up; but I don't know, whether it was in this room, or not.
