What age are you?
Going of fourteen.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Had you seen him before this transaction took place?
No; he was a porter working on the quays.
You are son-in-law to William Robins ?
Yes.
Where was this?
At the Custom-house quay .
We wish to know if he knows the nature of an oath?
The nature of an oath is to tell the truth.
What will become of you in the next world if you do not speak the truth; have you ever been taught that?
No.
Suppose you tell lies, or that that is false; have you never been taught what will become of naughty boys in the next world?
No.
Have you not been taught whether it is a good or a bad thing to tell the truth?
A good thing.
It is a bad thing to tell a lie?
Yes.
Were you ever sworn before?
No.
Do you know whether there is a God or not?
No; I do not.
I am a porter at the Custom-house quay: I was watching twenty-seven casks of starch belonging to Messrs. Ricarde and Damare, they were marked J.R.
You had occasion to be absent; who did you direct to watch them?
My son; I was not absent above two minutes.
Had you any information from him?
Yes; I went afterwards and saw the prisoner and another soldier standing on the Customs.
Did you say any thing to the soldier in consequence of that information given you by your son?
I did; I was going to lay hold of him by the collar.
Did you tell him what you charged him with, at that or any other time?
I told him he had been robbing me of starch; he got up off the cask, and up with his first and knocked me down; the other soldier then went away.
At the time you left the starch was it safe?
Yes; all safe; when I came back one of the heads was pulled on one side, and a good deal of starch gone out.
Did you examine his hands or cloaths?
One of his hands appeared white.
Did it appear as if it was stained with starch?
Yes; after that I laid hold of him by the collar, and he dragged me about for the space of a quarter of an hour, and beat me and called upon the soldiers to rescue him away; I suppose fifty soldiers came round him; I was determined to hold him fast.
Did they rescue him?
Not at that time; I got the assistance of Mr. Green and Mr. Wells, and gave charge of him to them, for stealing the starch, and lent a hand to get him into a cart; and then I left the constables to take care of him, and went back to take care of the starch.
When you examined the starch, how much was there missing?
About 8 or 10lb.
Who does the starch belong to?
I do not know the persons it belongs to; about ten minutes after he was put in the cart, I heard that he had been rescued; he came down with the other soldiers to the quays, with a baker's scraper, and asked for me and the constable, and said, if he could get hold of that sat headed bugger, he would kill him; and I ran away; afterwards he was secured, and I appeared against him.
Did you get any property of me?
No.
Was not I lying on the casks drunk?
No; you were sitting on the casks not drunk.
I am a constable: I was called to take this man into custody, on Tuesday, the 27th of September, about two or three in the afternoon; Robins gave charge to me of him, for stealing starch; when I came to him, he was in a great bustle, then there were three or four people assisting Robins to hold him; he was so restive, I could not search him; I laid hold of him, and he took hold of my shirt, and he torc it all to pieces, and kicked my legs; Wells came in a few minutes after, and we tied a rope round his hands; I desired him to go peaceably; he said he would not; I went and brought a cart on the quays, and we lifted him into the cart; Wells and I got into the cart, and desired the carman to drive to the Compter; the carman turned towards the Tower; when we were going almost to the farther end of Thames-street, a parcel of soldiers began throwing mud and dirt, and brick-bats, and all manner of things; I had my hat knocked off several times.
Did the prisoner say any thing?
Yes; soldiers! soldiers! and then the soldiers took the horses from the carman, cut the rope, and took him away in triumph.
Did you observe his hands?
No.
Did you take him afterwards?
Yes, after he was rescued; I being all over dirt, was obliged to go home and get some other cloaths; about two hours after I heard he was parading about the quays; and with the assistance of a serjeant I took him again.
I am a fellow constable with Green: I was called in to apprehend the prisoner; when I came down to the quays I found Green in a scuffle with the prisoner, and several more people assisting him to secure him; I assisted to make fast his hands, and put him in a cart.
Was there any charge against him at that time?
Yes, for stealing search; after we got him into the cart we went into Thames-street; the prisoner called out for soldiers all the way we went; when we came near the Tower they threw brick-bats very fast, I was hit several times; one struck me on the head, which sprung out the blood; I was obliged to go to the surgeon to be dressed.
Have you a partner?
Yes; his name is Jacob Ricare.
Had you any starch on the quays this day?
Yes.
Who was employed to take care of it?
William Robins .
What is the mark of the cask?
J.R.
These casks were the property of you and your partner?
Yes.
There was no property got with me of no sort; I was very much in liquor, I had been working with a wine-merchant, and got very much in liquor; I laid myself down on the cask, Robins came up and damned me for a bloody-back soldier, and asked me what I lay there for; I was very much enraged, and said, if he served me so, I would put him in a place he had never been in.
