I live in Hart-street, Covent-Garden . I am a house keeper, I don't know the particulars of the loss, my wife is here. I know no otherwise, then on the 7th of October, my servant went out, and locked up the house; and when I came home, I could not get into the house, I was obliged to go into the window; the prisoner at the bar was a servant in the house, I stopped at the door for about half an hour, and I was obliged to go in at the window, my wife was gone out to tea, and I waited in the house till the came home, there was nobody in the house at all. My family consists of myself, wife, and servant, and a gentleman and wife, of the name of Birch; I waited till about half past six o'clock, and Mrs. Birch came home and my wife. We took the servant girl on the 27th of October, at one Mr. Sapgutts, between the hours of seven and eight in the morning, near the Adam and Eve, Tottenham-Court-Road. The officer and I took her out there. There was some property found upon her, I was present, there was a shawl and a petticoat, and some other little things, that I am not acquainted with, my wife is.
How long had the prisoner lived in your service?
About nine days.
You live in Hart-street, I think. What time intervened, between the time this woman left the house and your taking her?
Three weeks, I believe.
You was obliged to get in at the window, was it by the assistance of a ladder, or out of the street?
Out of the street by the assistance of a lamp-iron.
Then any other person might have got in as well as you?
Not without a ladder.
If they had been equally active they might?
They might.
What trade do you carry on in this house?
It is an hotel.
For the reception of gentlemen and ladies?
It was, but they took my wine licence away, now it is a lodging-house.
In point of fact, you admitted all sorts of people to your house?
If they were decently dressed. I did not ask every person to shew me the certificates of their marriages.
Now this person, this Mr. Birch, is a lodger in the house?
He did lodge at that time.
Do you know he was a married man?
Here is his wife here.
Is he any way connected with you in business in any respect?
None at all.
Nor any person?
No.
I am the wife of the last witness. On the 7th of October, I left my house about three o'clock, and returned a little after six, when I came back again, I missed the property; I went backward for a cap, handkerchief, and apron, to put on, and I found them gone; and I says to Mrs. Birch, I am robbed, Madam, and she said, I hope not. All the articles in the indictment were missing; these were all articles for my own wear; some of them were found at the pawnbroker's, and recovered again. Some were lost from a coach; some are down at Henley, now in a box, which Mr. Addington has wrote twice for, but the box has not come up.
Before you left that house in the afternoon, are you sure, that these articles were in the house?
I am sure they were. I took off my cap, handkerchief, and apron, and laid them in the closet, the last thing I did before I went out.
I am a pawnbroker. I produce a black silk cloak.
I know the cloak, I made it myself. I know my own work.
I am a servant to a pawnbroker. I produce a dimity petticoat, a shawl, a muslin apron.
They are all mine.
Of whom did you receive these things, that you now produce?
From the prisoner at the bar. On Wednesday the 23d of October, about six or seven in the evening, they were pledged for money, that I advanced. I am sure it was to the prisoner at the bar. I had never seen her before.
Of whom did you receive these, that you produce?
From the prisoner at the bar, they were pawned in my master's shop, the 25th of October.
What time of the day were the things pawned?
In the forenoon.
Did the prisoner often come to your shop?
I had seen her once or twice before; I knew her perfectly well.
If you had suspected any thing, you would have stopped her?
I suppose I should.
What day of the week was it?
It was the 25th.
Was it in the evening, or the morning, you received these things?
In the evening by candle-light. I never saw her before, I asked her particularly whose they were.
You have little apartments in your shop, that the parties come in at?
Yes.
And she stood a little shaded from the light, did not she?
I believe the scene was not drawn at all.
You think it was the woman that came?
I am certain it was.
You say that you know the cloak by the make of it?
I do.
What you have a particular mode of making it?
Yes, very particular.
What do you know the petticoat by?
I made all the articles here.
They are very common articles?
They are not very common articles.
The petticoat seems to be a very common article?
It is not a very common article.
You did not sew these things with any particular kind of thread; you sewed them with common thread I suppose?
I did; but every body may know their own work.
You lodge with the prosecutor I understand?
I did; I lodged there the 7th of October last.
Was any of your property taken from the house in the course of that day?
Yes; that same day I lost five silver table spoons, a child's coral set in silver,&c. all the rest were for my own wear, and in the house. On the 7th of October, when I went out, I went out between three and four. and returned with Mrs. Lawrence a little after six; my things were up stairs, locked up in a closet, quite away from Mrs. Lawrence's, but the opened a closet and took the things out of a trunk; I found only an old cotton gown, which was on her back; I was present and demanded the gown before the justice; the prisoner had it then on her back.
How long was it then that you found it on her back, after you lost it?
Three weeks.
Had any person access to the room but yourself?
Nobody.
A good many persons resorted to the house I believe of different sorts?
Yes, I believe there is.
You say that is your gown, from the colour and size of it?
I am sure of it.
Are you sure that gown is yours?
I am, from the wear of it; I have wore it near a year and a half constantly.
But that was cut off a large piece of cotton, was it not?
No, it was a patch.
Perhaps you wear your clothes more than some other people do?
I know it is my gown.
It is the same pattern as the gown you lost?
It is the same gown.
Have you got any mark?
There are some holes I mended in the bottom.
Did you and your wife, Birch and his wife, to your knowledge, state any thing like this to the prisoner, that whoever the things were stole by, if she would return the value of the things, you would not prosecute her?
No.
On the 22d of October I lent four shillings on the muslin petticoat; I cannot recollect who pledged it.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street; I had an information where the prisoner was, on the 27th of October, that was some time after the robbery; I went were she was in bed, in Sapgutt's house, in Tottenham-court-road; I made her get up and dress herself, this gown the put on, and this black silk petticoat, and the shawl laid by the chair; she said they were her mistress's; I searched her pockets and found some duplicates, which led to a discovery of the cloak and other things; it was Sunday; I put her in the watch-house, and took her before the magistrate the next day, and this lady challenged the gown on her back.
Were there any duplicates on her that led to the discovery of any articles of plate?
No. only these things that are here.
I leave it all to my counsel.
