I live at Pullock's Hill, in Bedfordshire; I sent my letters by Silsoa, which is the nearest post town; on the 21st of June, I sent the halves of sixty pounds in bank notes, four tens and a twenty, the letter was directed to Charles Quin , No. 19, Charlton-street, Mary-le-bone, I took the numbers and dates of them all; 1967, 9th February, 1792, that is the note; I delivered the letter to my servant, William Burridge , to be carried to the post office in Silsoa; there were two other letters went with them, to those two letters I have the answers in my pocket; on the next day I sent the other two halves by the same person as before.
This is one of the notes I sent.
I am servant to Mr. Collier; on the 21st of June last, I received three letters from my master, to put into the post at Silsoa; I put them in in time, the next day I received one letter which I carried also and put into the post office.
I am post-master of Silsoa; I remember making up the bag, on the 21st and 22d of June; I delivered them to my man John Smart .
. You keep a public house?
Yes; an inn; the box is in the common passage; sometimes the head waiter is the carrier of them, and I have intrusted them to my daughter, but not on that day.
Did you seal the Silsoa bag?
No.
How old is you daughter?
Thirteen years; Luton is the next post town.
I carry the bags from Silsoa to Luton, I delivered them there to the post office, I delivered up the bags as I found them; we took a little bag at Barton, at a public house there; the bag is only fastened by a band round it.
I am post-master of Luton.
On the nights of the 21st and 22d of June last, did you receive the bags from Silsoa?
Yes.
Did you do any thing to the letters that came in the Silsoa bags?
Marked them; I sealed the Luton bag, and delivered it to Samuel Smith , to carry it to St. Alban's nobody assists me in marking them; sometimes the boy who carries the mail is present, and sometimes my servant; that night I delivered them to Samuel Smith myself.
I received them from Mr. Williamson on the nights of the 21st and 22d the Luton bags; I conveyed them myself to the Post Office at St. Alban's; I delivered them safely; I stopped at the Swan, Market Street, to take in a separate bag.
I am employed in the General Post Office, in London; it is my duty to receive the letters which come from St. Alban's.
The 22d and 23d of July last did you receive any letters from St. Alban's?
Yes; letters in the Luton bag, which came from St. Alban's.
I am inspector of the carriers, at the General Post Office; on the 22d and 23d of July, the prisoner was a letter carrier; Charlton-street, Mary-le-bone, was in his district; the letters belonging to that belonged to him to deliver.
It is in the power of the sorters to conceal a letter undoubtedly?
Yes.
On the 22d and 23d of July last, I lived at No. 19, Charlton-street, Mary-le-bone.
Did you on either of those days receive any letter from Mr. Collier?
No.
Nor any letter from Mr. Collier, containing any bank notes, or halves of bank notes at any time?
No.
I believe you went in consequence of a hand bill, in search of the prisoner?
On Saturday the 18th of July, by the directions of the solicitor of the Post Office, I and Mr. Ferguson went to Hatfield after the prisoner, who was gone to see his wife, who lives at Lady Salisbury's, I went to the house, he was not there, we waited a considerable time, and in the evening, near dusk, I apprehended him, and took him to Lord Salisbury's Arms, at Hatfield, and searched him, and in his breeches pocket, I found two duplicates, one of which was a duplicate of a great coat, pawned by the prisoner at one Clarke's, a pawnbroker; we staid till morning, at four in the morning we came to town; the prisoner was committed; this is the duplicate brought out of the pawnbroker's.
Did the prisoner in all his conduct attempt to evade your apprehension of him?
Not at all.
Was not he ready to give himself up?
Certainly.
In July last I was a servant to Mr. Clarke, in Ryder's Court, Leicester Fields, a pawnbroker; the prisoner many times and for two years pledged things there; I know him perfectly well; on the 2d of July, he pledged a great coat; it is my writing; this is the duplicate for it.
Foreigners pledge great coats with you that have coloured silk sleeve linings?
Yes; I have seen such.
I am a shopman to Mr. Brown, salesman in Monmouth-street; I remember selling this great coat on the 23d of June, at half after nine; I either sold it to the prisoner, or a man very much like him; to the best of my knowledge it was him.
In what way did he pay you?
By a ten pound note, in two halves joined together; I applied to a neighbour, to give me change for it, his name is Gabb; I hesitated a little at first; he told me if I did not like that he would give me another; and he shewed me another, which was cut likewise; I went to a neighbour to ask their opinion of it, whether it was good; he said he had received two or three, or three or four, but they were all cut, and came from the country, in the morning of that day in a letter.
This was half past nine at night?
Yes; the evening was shut in, it rained; I understood that the party I sold it to (as he told me) was going to Salisbury that evening, and if it was not ten o'clock, he should be time enough for the coach.
I live the corner of Monmouth-street; I know the last witness, servant to Mr. Brown; I remember giving him cash for a ten pound bank note, which had been cut; I really do not recollect the day; after I had kept it about a fortnight, I paid it to Mr. Darwin.
I received a ten pound bank note from Mr. William Gabb, which had been cut; I paid it the same day to Mr. Daniel Titterton ; he asked me who I received it from, I told him Gabb and Co. and I saw him write it in my presence
I am clerk to Mr. Handwick and Co. I remember this ten pound note; I received this ten pound bank note, from Mr. John Darwin ; he told me he received it from Gabb and Co. in consequence of that, I wrote Gabb and Co. 5 July, 1792.
I am one of the cashiers of the bank of England; this is my signature, I signed this for the governor and Co. of the bank of England.
Was that unpaid on the 23d of June?
It was.
I have nothing to say, more than to declare my innocence of having bought the coat in Monmouth-street; I bought the coat in Gerrard-street, of a person that was going to sell it to two jews; he offered it for twelve shillings; I offered him eleven shillings; it appeared to be a coat that nearly fitted me; and being in want of money sometime after that, I pledged it at Mr. Clarke's for five shillings; I know nothing about any person in Monmouth-street; I never bought any coat there; and I never changed a bank note in my life.
