I am a labourer in the East-India warehouses. On Monday, the 19th of November, I was upon the upper floor of the building when I saw the prisoner go down one of the alleys of the warehouse, he went up to a chest, took some tea out of the chest, and put it into his pocket, I believe it was either in his breeches pocket, or some place made for the purpose in his apron; I acquainted one of the elders with it, and that is all I know about it.
I believe it is not by such small quantities as this man is accused of, that the India Company in general have a complaint?
I cannot say.
He might have seen you, as well as you see him?
He saw me when he went down.
Therefore if he had supposed he had been guilty of a felony, he would have continued it about him?
I cannot say as to that.
If he did not observe you, he might have taken a great deal more?
Yes, he might, he had an opportunity of taking more.
How long afterwards was it that he was taken up?
I believe two or three hours.
Then he continued upon this floor for two or three hours?
Yes, he was generally employed upon that floor.
I am the King's locker at the India-house: I searched the prisoner, and found upon him a packet of tea, concealed in his breeches pocket, after searching him for ten minutes or more; it contained about two ounces.
You attend for the purpose of searching people as they come out of the warehouse?
Yes.
I take it a man is not likely to get off without being detected, or you must neglect your duty?
If we were to search every man as I searched him, it would take us from eight o'clock in the morning till night; we search them as quick as we can.
Do not you search their pockets?
No; we search their breeches sometimes.
This is worth about four-pence?
Yes.
The prisoner has been some years in the Company's service?
Yes.
This tea was folded up in a paper?
Yes.
You did not find it in his waistcoat pocket?
No.
Did you find it in his apron?
No.
You did not find any loose in his pocket?
No.
You do not search men when they come into the warehouse?
No.
Therefore if a man means to go to see a sick friend before he goes home, after he has done work, and takes a little tea in his pocket for that sick friend, there is nothing wonderful in that?
No; but there is a rule against any body taking tea in.
I am an elder belonging to the India Company's warehouses.
Look at that tea - is that like the tea that you had in the warehouse?
Yes.
You have every kind of tea in the warehouse, and therefore you know it must be like the tea in the warehouses?
This is congou tea.
