I am a shoemaker , I keep a shop , No. 31, Swallow-street, but the property was stolen out of the front garret of a house that I have in Leicester-street, Golden-square . On the 26th of October I sent ten pair of boots to this garret, and on the 10th of November following, a person came to me one Saturday evening, to know in what manner I marked my boots; I told him, I marked them with the initials of my name; in consequence of his information, I went with him to his house, where the boots were, his name is Supple; when I came there, I found four pair, all of them marked with my initials; he then produced me some more boots that he had bought of the same man a fortnight before, in all six pair; I found three pair in Monmouth-street, but that man is not here; I found three more pair in Broad-street, St. Giles's on the Monday following.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
Yes, he worked for me in the back garret at that time.
I am a shoe-maker: On a Saturday night, about a month ago, I did not take an account of the day of the months, I bought three pair of boots of the prisoner; about a fortnight intervening, he came with four pair more on a Saturday evening; when I came to look over the boots, I found some letters upon the straps, which, upon looking at, I found to be B F; I then suspected they were Mr. Ford's; I sent to know his initials; he came down in consequence of it, and claimed them to be his; I had sold one pair of them; I shewed him in all six pair; I have had them from that time to this.(Produces them).
Are you sure these are the boots you received from the prisoner?
Yes.
Did the prisoner give you any account of them at all?
He told me had bought them at Knightsbridge, that he got a small trifle by them, and I ought to have given him something more for them.
I am a shoemaker, No. 47, Broad-street, St. Giles's; the prisoner brought me three pair of whole boots on Saturday the 10th, I think, of last month; I bought them of him; he told me he had carried them a great way, and had only got six-pence profit by them. On the Monday after Mr. Ford called upon me, and I told him I had bought such things; they had the initials of B F upon them, and Mr. Ford claimed them.
I missed fifteen pair, there were only four dozen and nine left out of six dozen; they are all second hand boots; these are all mine, I have my initials on them.
This property was found at the distance of about a fortnight after you had put your initials upon the boots - had you sold any of them?
No, I had never marked any till I had marked that six dozen; I had not sold any that I had marked.
How long has the prisoner worked for you?
About three months.
These are marked in the same way.
