I keep the Three Daggers in Cateaton-street .
Do you remember the prisoner at the bar coming to your house on Wednesday last?
Yes, he came in first with some butter in a box, a deal box, the box would have contained twenty pounds, or thereabouts; there was only ten pounds in it, and he said somebody had broke it, then he called for the beer, which I served him, he gave me the shilling for me to give him change, which was a bad one, I kept it in my hand, then he gave me a second; then I looked round at him, and recollected that near two years back he was taken up for the same offence, and I knew his person, and I then had some suspicion that he was an utterer of bad money, Mr. Fenner, the constable, happened to stand by, and I gave him charge of him on suspicion of putting off bad money; I returned him the second and kept the first, and marked it.
Was the second shilling a bad one?
I did not examine that, I only kept one shilling.
Do you know whether the second was bad or no?
I cannot say, I gave charge of him to the constable, I had given him change for that shilling, and marked it with a cross.
Where was this?
Just before the bar door, Fenner took a purse out from his side, he had the purse in his hand when he gave me the shillings.
Did he take the bad shilling that he gave you out of the purse that he held in his hand?
I cannot say.
Did you search that purse?
I did.
Did Fenner, the constable?
He has got it in his possession now, and he searched it before the solicitor.
Had he any difficulty in getting the purse?
There was a struggle.
What did you do then?
Mr. Fenner took and carried him to the compter, and searched him with the assistance of three or four others; I was present, I saw a great many articles taken from him.
I am a constable, I was at Mr. Grove's, the Three Daggers, Cateaton-street, when this happened, I went in there a little before four o'clock, I had a pint of porter, I sat myself down, Mr. Grove and the prisoner had some discourse together, I did not attend to it first; I know the man exceeding well; Mr. Grove disputed a shilling, he gave him another, I saw it.
What was done with that one shilling that Mr. Grove disputed?
I cannot say upon my word; the other shilling Mr. Grove deemed to be a bad one, that was the second shilling, Mr. Grove marked the shilling and gave it to me, and gave me charge of the man, and desired I would search him.
What has become of that second shilling?
They were altogether in one bag, I have got the bag, and some to do I had to get the bag from the prisoner's hands, the second shilling is in a separate paper by itself.
How did you get possession of that bag?
I saw it in his hand, and when Grove gave me charge of him I seized the bag.
Did he readily part with it?
He did not, I was obliged to take him to the back part of the room, and get some people to assist me with the assistance of Mr. Grove, I got the money out of his hand, and turned the money out on the table, I think there was ten shillings in it, two six-pences, half a crown, half a guinea and a Dollar, with that bad shilling; I then took him into custody and took him to the compter, he did not go readily, I had much to do to get him there, and there he was resolute not to be searched.
What did you get from him at the compter?
I got a parcel of silver out of his waistcoat pocket, one half crown wrapped up in paper by itself, and in the other waistcoat pocket I found some other silver, I believe one shilling and sixpence; I next proceeded to the fob of his breeches, in which I think I found nine six-pences or seven, I cannot tell which, and five shillings.
Were they in paper or loose?
I believe that that was in his fob was in paper, I am not certain, I found some silver in his breeches pocket, shillings and six-pences, some of each, but I do not recollect how many, I believe they were loose.
Did you find any thing on him else besides money?
I found five penny worth of halfpence and three farthings in his waistcoat pocket and a bunch of keys loose; then I proceeded to search his coat pockets, in his coat pockets I found a whole piece of handkerchiefs, I look upon it to be silk handkerchiefs, a quantity of liquorish and almonds, and spices and some other things; I left him in the compter and have kept all the money ever since.
When you was at the Lord Mayor's, the Lord Mayor ordered you to deliver me the property again and you have not.
The prisoner says that you took the property from him, have you that property now?
No, I have not.
You talk of the waistcoat pocket, as to the shillings and sixpences and halfpence, was it in the same pocket or the side pocket that the half crown's and the other money was in?
The halfpence and farthings were in one pocket and the half crown in the other.
How many waistcoat pockets had he?
Two.
In which pocket were the shillings and halfpence?
The shillings and the halfpence was in the right hand pocket, and the half crown was in the left hand pocket.
Was this shilling the one that was tendered to you or not?
It is, I marked it myself.
That is the shilling I received of Mr. Grove.
I am employed by the mint to give evidence on these occasions?
I succeeded my father-in-law Mr. Clarke; this shilling is counterfeit. I have attended here several sessions.
Look at this money that was in the bag?
Here are nine shillings in all, two of them are bad, the rest are good. Here are seventeen others and ten of them are bad; here are twelve six-pences in all, and ten of them are bad; and a half crown, there are two half crowns, here are five-pence three farthings in copper.
Have you a perfect recollection of the account you have given?
Upon my word I don't know that I have made any mistake.
You have told us that the second shilling that the prosecutor took was the bad shilling, you said he first offered him a shilling that he disputed, and that he offered him a second shilling and that he marked?
I cannot swear to that exactly, the shilling he gave me he marked; in fact I cannot say whether it was the first or second, because of the croud in the house, it was impossible.
Was it the first shilling or second that you marked?
It was the first shilling that I kept, that I will be upon my oath; I had them both in my hand at one time.
What was the change that he was to take out of the shilling?
penny three farthings was due to me only.
The money that I had in my purse I took it that very day for butter, and as for them that were lapped up in paper they had been some that had been taken some time ago, and I never offered them nor did not intend to offer them. Some times I go out of an evening a fiddling and get twenty shillings in a night, often had shillings and sixpences; there was a bad dollar slung into my hat not long ago while I was fiddling.
There was nothing but the half crown in paper.
In my time I have dealt very large in butter and cheese ; I married Miss Holmes, the banker's daughter.
Did you give him change?
I did, I gave him four-pence farthing, he had a penny and two farthings in his pocket before.
