I am a labourer ; I know the prisoner; I see him in the morning he was taken, after he was taken to the watch-house. I am a watchman to Mr. Perry, in Blackwall-yard. I know no further than that he was taken with the things; I was out all that night watching.
I work at Blackwall-yard; I am a watchman.
Where is this Blackwall-yard?
Down at Poplar, at Esq. Perry's.
What have you to say against the prisoner?
I know him very well. I was coming home from Blackwall-yard to the house where I lodge, and there I catched him with these things in the garden; it was about nine o'clock.
Where did you find the prisoner?
In Wright's garden.
What is Mr. Wright?
He is a labouring man, a watchman in the yard; and the prisoner had these things on him, these two axes, and this tea kettle.
One is an axe and the other is an hatchet?
Yes.
How had he these things?
In his hand taking them through the door, he was coming out into the street when I catched him.
Have you kept the things from that time to this?
Yes, I am sure these are the things.
Did any thing pass between you?
I asked him what business he had with them? he said he was fuddled or else he should not have come down there.
Did he appear fuddled?
I really cannot say whether he was drunk or sober, I don't justly know what he was.
How did he appear to you?
He walked very well to the watch-house; we took him to the watch-house directly.
Did Mr. Wright come to the watch-house that night?
No, not till the next morning; I went up with him.
What time of the night was I taken?
Nine o'clock, as near as possible.
Why did not you find a bill against me last session at Hicks's Hall? I was turned out by proclamation.
What day did this happen?
The 16th of October.
Why was not he prosecuted in December last?
I know nothing at all about that.
To Wright. You are likewise a watchman I understand?
Yes.
You did not see this boy in your yard at all?
No, I did not.
What time did you come home?
About six o'clock in the morning.
Did you miss any property?
No, I did not.
How came you to go to the watch-house?
Gibson came down with an officer, and told me I must appear against him.
Where did you go on that information?
I went to the watch-house.
Did you see these things there?
Yes.
The axe and hatchet did they belong to you?
Yes, I bought the small one, and the large one was given me by the carpenter that works in the yard.
Is there any name on it?
Not that I know of.
How long had you had it?
Nine months; I know it by the handle; I can swear to the hatchet, because I bought it and put the handle in myself; it was broke off, and I put it in again afterwards.
The tea kettle what do you say to that?
The tea kettle was left in the room by a person who had rented the room, and went to sea, and his wife died, and I let the room again, and the tea kettle remained there.
Do you know the name of these these people?
The man's name was Benjamin Stocker .
When did you last see him?
He went out in the Henry Dundas, and coming home he was prest.
How long is it since you see him last?
I fancy it is about twenty months, I don't know but it may be two years since; the tea kettle was left in the room when his wife died.
I have nothing to say.
