I live in No. 3, Newtoner's-lane ; I rent the lower apartments of Mr. Shaw, shop and parlour, the door of which is in the entry; the house is let out in tenements, and Mr. Shaw pays the taxes; he reserves no part of the house to himself; Mr. Shaw lives six or seven doors lower down; it was broke open the 22d of December, between two and three; the watchman called me, and told me the place was broke open; I found the door open, and the things about the place; it was bolted when I went to bed; it was opened by the shutter being taken down; it is one half glass, and the shutters slide on; they had wrenched off the shutter; there was a broken pane of glass in the door, and they could get at the bolt; I lost nothing, but found the things scattered about the shop; the things in the indictment were left in the back room when I went to bed; the halfpence were scattered about the counter, and behind it; they were left in the till the over-night.
Did not you positively swear that the door was not fastened that night?
I did not say so; I said my wife fastened it, and I stood by.
Just after two o'clock in the morning I was coming up, I saw this man and another trying at one of my master's houses, Mr. Shaw, at the shutters of the back parlour; they had a light; on my coming up, they hid it; when I came up, I asked them what they did there; on which they went quite up the lane; I went up stairs, but I thought I would not go to bed, and that I had better call the watchman; I went out to call the watchman; and another man, not the prisoner, held the street-door of the passage that belongs to Mr. Hodge's shop, and I saw a light in the shop; I went immediately and called the watchman, and I found him in Parker's-lane, and I told him what I had seen, and he sprung his rattle; and I ran home, and I found the same man holding the door then, and the light was then in the shop; after seeing this, I ran again to meet the watchman, and just as we came to them the man ran away that held the door, and this man came out, and they both of them crossed over the way, and the watchman and I ran after them directly and cried out stop thief! and could not catch them; and we went up and searched the room where the prisoner used to live, as I knew him very well; there was a girl in the room, and she refused to open the door, and the watchman broke it open, and the girl was in bed, one bed on the top of her, and another under her, and we went and searched the house all over, and the next house, and could not find him; and then the watchman went and alarmed Mr. Hodge, and there were the things mentioned in the indictment on the side of the counter, and some halfpence on the top of the counter; we went again to his room at six o'clock in the morning, and found him in bed, in the same room where the two beds were; we took him to the watch-house, and afterwards had him up to the justice; there was nothing found about him.
How long had you known that man before?
He had lodged at our house some time.
What business is it your master carries on?
He keeps a chandler's shop.
How long have you lived with him?
Off and on, I believe, two years.
How many houses does he keep to let out in lodgings?
Seven up the court, and eight more, fifteen in all.
What is the price of a bed?
Sixpence, and sometimes a shilling.
How near was you to the prisoner when you first saw him?
I was eight yards from him.
How old are you?
I am eighteen.
Is there any lamp near where you first saw him?
There is one up the court, and one at the bottom of the court.
How was it you could see this man's face so as to know him?
I had a light, and they had a light, I saw him by their light; these two men came up the court, and passed e.
Did you speak to him?
I did not, but I know him very well; they used to call him Dan the Barber.
Was not you witness against two people last sessions?
Yes, I was.
I am a watchman.
Who called you this morning?
Francis Newman : I was calling out two o'clock; I met the prisoner in Newtoner's-lane; I was close to him, as we could pass one another; I saw him come out of the passage of one of Mr. Shaw's houses, and I held up my lanthorn to see who it was, and to look at him; I am sure it was the prisoner, I had known him before; I turned from thence to my box in Drury-lane, and was told there was somebody breaking one of my master's houses; and when I got as near as I am to you to see, I saw the prisoner coming out of Mr. Hodge's house; I saw him just coming out of the shop-door, neither in nor out; I had put my lanthorn out, and ran fast; I am sure it was the prisoner; the prisoner got a-head of me, and ran into one of the door-ways, as they are generally open that way, and I could not find him till six o'clock in the morning, when he was in bed.
Was not it a dark and rainy night?
It was dark, but it did not rain.
What light was there?
A lamp was directly over the door.
I am a watchman; I was called by White at six o'clock in the morning.
This night, that they swear the shop was broke open, I was in bed; they came and searched my apartment all over, and went down again; they came up at half after six in the morning, and found me in bed; I got up very peaceably, and went with them; my wife awaked me the first time, and told me there were three watchmen, and a boy; I told them I had done nothing to be afraid of; and they came up again, at half after six, and took me out of bed: the prosecutor practises dog-stealing, him and one Cadwell have been tried for it both in town and country, and lives at this present time by buying and selling stolen goods, and in his cellar there you will find carcases of dogs; they boy is a notorious character; his master keeps fifteen or sixteen lodging-houses for common prostitutes, and it is his employment to light them up to bed: here are two watchmen, respectable characters indeed! but, my Lord, it is very wrong to swear a man's life away: the morning that they took me out of bed, gentlemen, says I, you have used my wife very ill; she told them to have patience, and she would open the door; and a man, who is not here now, struck her with the staff; they found nothing, on me; they found me doing nothing, even if I had been there coming out of the passage: Mr. Hodge, pray is not your house let out in tenements, inhabited by dustmen and chimney-sweepers, a house that is free for all sorts of people, comers and goers; I would wish to know whether they could distinguish one man from another in a dark lane; watchman, pray was there any the least implement, or any thing, found in my apartment?
Nothing in the least; you took care you did not bring it there; you went into another apartment first.
My Lord, I work for Mr. Battridge, an hair-dresser, in Golden-lane.
