How old are you?
I am going of fifteen, I have taken an oath before.
What will become of you if you swear that what is false?
Go to Hell.
I am servant to Mr. Osmond, he is a poulterer . Between one and two in the afternoon, on Tuesday the 11th of June, I was coming up Jewry-street , in the city, with two fowls in a tray, and the man stopped me, the tray was on my shoulder, he stopped me, and he said he must have the two fowls for the servant would make a noise at him because they were so late; he had come and ordered them for Mr. Slater, I was present when they were ordered, he ordered them between one and two o'clock; Mr. Slater was a customer of ours.
Did you give him the fowls?
No, he took them
Did you refuse to give him the fowls?
Yes, I did.
Did he take them by any absolute force?
Yes, I said he should not have them; he said he would have them, and I laid hold of the legs of the fowls, and he laid hold of the skewers, and pulled them out of my tray, and he ran away as fast as he could, and I ran after him, and he went up a court in the Little Minories, and asked for a person of the name of Sally that lived there, which he wanted to go into the house to, but the people would not let him; then he came out there, and I pursued him again, and he ran as far as the Little Minories, he kept the fowls all the time, he had them in his right hand, and then he knocked me down, he hit me on the side, and when I got up I was stunned, I could not pursue him; he then ran away, and put a bit of check over the fowls, they were dead fowls, I brought them from my master Mr. John Osmond ; I went to Mr. Slater, and they said they had ordered no fowls.
I am a poulterer, a servant to Mr. Osmond. The prisoner came to Mr. Osmond's about half past one on the 11th of June, and ordered two fowls to roast for Mr. Slater; I told him I would send them directly; he returned in about ten minutes, and wanted to take them, that was about the time that I had got the fowls ready; I not knowing him refused him, told him I would send the boy; I sent the boy; the boy returned near an hour afterwards, crying that the man had knocked him down.
Had he the fowls with him?
No.
Have you ever received the fowls again?
Yes, I saw them in about an hour and a half; I knew them to be the same, I know my own trussing, Dungate brought the fowls to me.
I am a green grocer. A scuffle ensued just by my door, and the fowls were dropped; I saw the prisoner drop them, it was in Church-lane, Whitechapel; I picked them up; a man was pursuing the prisoner, and crying out stop thief! I did not see the boy there to my knowledge; the fowls were taken to the Rotation office, and the shopman he saw the fowls there, and he said they were his fowls in the presence of the prisoner.
I am a labourer. I was standing at a public house door in Whitechapel, facing the Church; I heard a woman crying stop him! stop him! and I saw the prisoner running, and just as he passed me I pursued him, and I saw the fowls in Mr. Dungate's hand.
How far from where this man was stopped was the place from where he took the fowls from you?
About half a mile.
How came there to be a cry of stop thief and Dorman to take him?
He was pursued for something else; some new shoes, a silver band and a hat.
Please you my lord I know nothing at all about it; at the change of the moon my head is light, and I don't know what I am about.
