I am a publican ; I keep the Bull's Head , in Leadenhall- street . I was robbed of a trunk, and all the articles mentioned in this indictment; this man lodged in my house, I take it about two months; I missed these things from my bed room, some of the articles I missed were in the hair trunk, and some about the room.
Were these articles let to him as part of the furniture of his lodgings?
No, nothing at all of them.
In what room where these things kept?
Some were kept where I lodge, and where I live myself, but not all; the box was in my room, and the things were in my room in the box, or in drawers; I missed them the day after they were gone, the day after he went away with them.
Did he pay for his lodging when he went away?
My wife told me that he owed nothing, that he paid very well.
When he went away did he give you the key of his room?
No, the door was not locked, it was open.
Have you ever recovered any of the things that were missing?
I found them at the Swan with two Necks in Lad-lane a week ago last Friday. The constable has them Joseph Green , the alderman gave them him.
The first time you saw your things was at the Swan with Two Necks?
It was.
Were they all found with the trunk?
Yes, in the trunk, hat boxes and different things.
Do you know whether any of these things were in the prisoner's room before this?
I do not.
Then you don't know at all how they came into this box?
I do not.
Where did you find the key of this box?
My wife had it.
Was she present when they were found at the Swan with Two Necks?
She was, and she had the keys.
How many trunks were there?
One trunk, and one box.
You are a publican?
I am.
I am the book keeper at the Swan with Two Necks, Lad-lane; I know nothing at all except that this gentleman, the prisoner at the bar, came with this luggage, a deal box, an hair trunk, two bundles and two hat boxes; they are here; I saw them opened before the alderman. I should imagine there was two milk pots I should know again; I know the hair trunk.
When did the prisoner come?
He came at a quarter past four on the 21st of June, on Friday, they were put in the Liverpool hole; I am sure the prisoner brought them with another man; the officer came about half past four, and I delivered them the same things, every thing as was brought by the prisoner.
How soon did you see the prisoner after this?
I did not see him at all after he left the counting house; I never saw him any more till now, except before Mr. Alderman Curtis on Saturday, I believe the next day.
Did you know him to be the same man then?
Yes, I did.
You never saw the man before that day he came to your house?
Never, and never saw him but once since, and that was before Mr. Alderman Curtis.
He came with another person you say?
He did.
Was there any woman with him?
There was not.
All the goods were in the trunks, and packed up?
There was nothing loose, all packed up in the usual way.
Do you happen to know who produced the keys of these trunks afterwards?
I cannot tell from whom they were taken.
What day was it he left your house?
On Tuesday.
I am the constable; I produce this property which was stopped at the inn, an hair trunk, a square deal box, a bundle, a hat box, and a bonnet box; I got them from the book keeper which was in the warehouse at the Swan with Two Necks, Lad-lane; it was last Friday week, about half after four, I have kept them ever since, I took them to a room, and locked them up, and kept the key in my possession; the deal box was locked, not the hair trunk.
Did you get the key at any time?
Yes, I got the key from Mrs. Goodman.
How many keys did she give you?
There were three keys she gave to James Hall and me.
You say the keys were produced by Mrs. Goodman?
Yes; I took the prisoner, and Mrs. Goodman with him by the side of one another in the tap of the Swan with Two Necks that day after I had stopped the property; the prisoner was in company with Mrs. Goodman, they were both together, had a pint of beer before them, and a small bundle before them, which I have here; here are nineteen check aprons, three muslin handkerchiefs, four linen shifts, one dimity petticoat, six other petticoats, one silk gown, &c. (The same as in the indictment.)
In fact there were several articles of female dress amongst them?
There was.
Did your wife stay in the house after the day he went?
She did not. I saw him about ten or eleven o'clock, and I asked him whether he had no work? he said he had work enough, and my wife went away between five and six; they both went on Tuesday,
What articles can you speak with the most certainty to?
The milk pot, the punch ladle, and the counterpane.
Did you miss the things before your wife went away?
No, I found the drawers were stripped almost quite; here are several sheets, I know here is a gown that I have seen on my wife's back, and a green bonnet, but I cannot say that they are marked in my name.
Did she go away at the same time?
No, I never saw him after ten or eleven o'clock, and she went away between five or six; they both went on one; I missed the things the next morning about nine o'clock when I opened the drawers.
Then Mr. Goodman, your wife went away about five or six hours before the prisoner?
Yes.
They were found in the hair trunk.
You know the things then only by their general appearance?
No, and having lost such things.
You was the person that received these things, was it a man or woman that came with the prisoner?
It was a man.
In what manner did you put them down?
They were only put down, Mr. Brunnen's luggage, 1 l. 15 s. The money was paid I believe by the prisoner, but I am not sure.
Then the man that was with him appeared as the witness I suppose?
He did.
It was not you that saw the woman in the tap room?
It was not.
It was I that saw her with the prisoner in the tap room on this same Tuesday.
I am a porter to the public house; I have seen the prisoner, he is a lodger there, I saw the prisoner on Tuesday as the wife was at tea in the afternoon, I saw him come out of the house with a shawl in his apron, and that box in his hand, I believe this to be the same shawl according to the best of my knowledge which the constable produces; that morning that he went away, the wife had said something to the husband concerning the pots, and as soon as the husband was gone he went up stairs immediately, and came down with these things.
You saw a shawl?
I did, and I have seen the shawl on her, and I believe it to be the same shawl I have seen on her.
Was it wrapped up?
It was lapped over the bundle, what was inside I cannot tell.
I suppose if you had seen that shawl at York you would have known it?
I am positive, you will do no good by cross examining me, because I have more behind.
When the prisoner and Mrs. Goodman was brought before alderman Curtis, I was in court, and I was desired to ask who had got the keys, and Mrs. Goodman replied that she had, and I was ordered to ask her for them; I did, and she gave me some, one of which opened this trunk, and they were both committed for this offence
Mrs. Goodman depended on me to do her justice, as she was going into the country, and desired me to put the things in in my own name.
