- I am a day labouring man ; I live at Harrow Weald Common ; On the 15th of August, I lost my property; I went out about five o'clock in the morning, my wife went out about eight o'clock.
- I am the daughter of Thomas Coomes; my mother went out on the 15th of August, about eight o'clock, she went out before me; when I went out, I fastened the front door and the back door; I left nobody in the house.
Did you fasten the windows?
Yes.
Who returned first?
I did, before twelve o'clock; I found all the house in confusion; they had got in at a casement window down stairs, they had taken out a bit of glass; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them) ; all my own property was kept locked up in two boxes, up stairs, at my father's house; my father's clothes were kept up stairs too, but they were not locked up; I had seen them there in the morning before I went out.
Have you seen them since?
Yes; I saw them taken out of a ditch, between eleven and twelve o'clock the same day; I did not know any thing of the prisoner, I saw him when he was taken in a lane.
Do you know who took him?
No; he said, I will shew you where I have put the things.
Was any promise of favour made him first?
No.
- I was present when the prisoner was taken up by one Johnson, a sea-faring man; we could not find him when we came up here before his Majesty.
Did you hear Johnson make him any promise, or threaten him, to induce him to confess?
No.
How soon did Sarah Coomes come up?
As soon as I did; he said he would shew us where the clothes were.
Did he say he would shew you if you let him go?
No; he shewed us where they were; I did not hear him say where he got them from, nor that he put them there; it was a hay-maker that took the things out of the ditch; Johnson took two handkerchiefs from the prisoner, and gave them to me; I gave them to Mrs. Bardrick.
Who was by when the prisoner was taken?
A little boy, and several more hay-makers, but I do not know their names.
How came you to know where the things were?
When he was taken, he said he would shew us where he put the things.
Did he say he would shew you where he put the things, or where the things where?
He said he put them there.
Are you positive of that?
Yes; they asked him where the hamper and two bundles of things were, and he said he had none; he got over the hedge, and then they took him, and he confessed where he put the things.
Did they charge him with having put the things any where?
No.
Are you sure that he said he had put the things there?
Yes.
What was done with the things?
They were taken back to John Bardrick's.
Is any body here who took the things out of the ditch?
I saw them taken out of the ditch.
But you cannot be sure that the things that were carried before the Magistrate, were the same that were taken out of the ditch?
Yes, I can.
Who took the things to the Magistrate's?
A stranger.
Did you examine the things before they were taken before the Magistrate?
No; I saw a red cloak and a flannel petticoat on the top of the hamper.
And you saw them taken out of the ditch?
Yes.
And did you see them at the Justice's?
Yes; the flannel petticoat was mine, and the red cloak was Betty Bardrick 's.
Who carried these things before the Magistrate?
I cannot say who it was, it was a hay-maker.
How can you be sure that the things you saw taken out of the ditch, were the same that you saw before the Justice?
Because the hamper was marked with Bardrick's name; I saw a red cloak at the top of the hamper, and a flannel petticoat.
Was that the same petticoat that was carried before the Magistrate?
Yes; there were two bundles of things and a hamper; the hamper was tied, and the bundles were tied in a handkerchief; Bardrick was sent for home.
How long were they at Bardrick's before they were carried to the Justice's?
About a quarter of an hour.
And did you stand by them all the time?
Near them.
How far was it to the Magistrate's?
About half a mile; he was searched in the Majesty's bean-house, and some halfpence found upon him.
How old are you?
Ten years.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
No.
- I am a constable: (produces the property) ; they were delivered to me on the 16th of August, at the parish of Stanmore, they were delivered to me by the Justice of the peace, sealed up, I saw him seal them; they had been at the Justice's, all night.
Look at the petticoat, are you sure that is your's?
Yes; I made it myself.
Are you sure that is the same you saw taken out of the ditch?
Yes.
What is that petticoat worth?
Two shillings and six-pence.
Look at the other things?
They are mine and my father's.
I have a sister lives at Harrow; I lived at Stanmore three years and a half myself, the constable knows me very well; I lived with Mr. Bromley, schoolmaster, three years; my sister has lived there seven years; I asked her to let me have a little money till I got into work, and she lent me half-a-guinea; I went to Mr. Drummond's farm, to ask for some work, and then these people charged me with taking these things; I told them I had not got them.
Have you known the prisoner?
Yes, during the time he lived at Stanmore, which is four years ago; he bore a very good character at that time.
