I am servant to Mr. Wood; on the 19th of May, Thursday night, the stables were broke open, and the gelding was taken away; I saw it again on the 22d of July, in the possession of Mr. Saunders, I knew it again by its marks, his tongue was very much eat off by a cancer; he had a star in his forehead, and I have no doubt but it was the same gelding, for I could not but know it very well, having the care of it for eight years.
I am likewise a servant of Mr. Wood; I know the black gelding was lost, and I saw it after it was stolen, and am sure it was the same gelding, as lost from Mr. Wood's on the 19th of May.
I live in Northampton-street, Clerkenwell; on Friday the 15th of July I first saw the prisoner with this horse in Smithfield-market; I asked him the price of it, and we did not agree at that time; then on the 20th I saw him again at the Horseshoe-inn, Goswell-street; I bought the horse of him then, and I asked him where he lived; he told me he lived at Edmonton; I asked him how long he had had it, and he said, he had had it ever since May, he had had it for two months, and he had worked him.
Did you ask him where he had got him?
He said he bought him at Godalmin fair, I gave him six pounds for it, after that I had some reason to suppose that it was a stolen one, and about two hours and an half after, a friend and I went with me to look for the man I had the gelding of; and after two or three hours search, I found him in Portpool-lane, he was just going into the Green man; I told him I was afraid he had not come honestly by the horse; he said he did: then we went to a public-house, and had a pot of beer together, and after some more talk, he would not confess but what he came honestly by it; so at length I charged the watch with him, and the next morning he was brought before Justice Clarke, the magistrate in Clerkenwell, and he was sent back again for re-examination.
At the time you took him into custody, you had only a general suspicion?
No, only general; at length Mr. Wood came up and swore to the horse, and he was committed for trial.
I never saw him in Smithfield-market.
He is the man I saw in Smithfield.
Please you my Lord, I bought the horse at Godalmin fair, the Monday before I saw this man.
Court to Saunders. Do you recollect of a certainty that he said he had had it about two months, and that he had it ever since May?
He told me he had, and that he had had him at grass at Edmonton.
I had it booked at the toll-book at Godalmin, and I wrote a letter to the toll-keeper, and he sent me an answer, and I gave the letter to Sir Sampson Wright, before I ever opened it, and Sir Sampson Wright has kept it ever since; I sent my mother to Sir Sampson Wright for it yesterday, but she is not yet come back; I have now nobody here.
