I am a salesman's servant ; on Friday the the 11th of August, I was coming by Somerset house, I saw the prisoner and three or four others; Isabella Graham, said, farmer, are you going to market? I said, yes; she said so am I; are you going to Fleet-market? I said, no, I am going to Newgate market; we walked arm in arm through Temple-bar, and there was some things fell from the cart; when we had got them up, we went to the end of Fleet-market, and the man who collects the toll asked me for two pence; I took out sixpence, and he gave me four pence; I put my purse and two half guineas into my right hand pocket, she had still hold of my arm, and we came to the corner of Ave Maria Lane , and the cart turned up, and she made a stop, and asked me, if I would go any further; I said I had not time; I kissed her, and clapped my hand to my pocket, and she was crossing over to Creed-lane; I thought I felt her hand come out of my pocket; I followed her, and abused her, and charged her with stealing it; she said she had not got it; I said, if you will give it me, I will give you half-a-crown: she said no, I have not got it; then I gave charge of her, and took her to the watch-house, there she was searched; nothing was found upon her. I went back to the place where I stopped her; me and three watchmen; I took a lantern and searched the place; and within a yard of the place where I stopped her, I picked up the purse: I know the purse very well; I have had it some time.
My lord, he walked with his breeches down, in a very indecent posture.
My Lord, I swear positively I never had my breeches unbuttoned at all.
Did not you say as soon as you had unloaded your cart, you would come to my lodgings and sleep?
My Lord, I never said any such thing.
I am a watchman; I was present when the prisoner was searched, and went out with Purdie, and found the purse in the street where the prosecutor had described it to be lost.
He went out and he was not long before he came back, and said he had found it, and was sorry for the trouble he had given me, and that if he could get change for half-a-guinea, he would give me half-a-crown for the trouble he had given me.
He never said any such thing.
