I am a hosier and hatter , and keep a house in the Minories ; Mrs. Lovell was a lodger with me; the prisoner had lived servant with me about six weeks before; we had her character from her brother; the property was taken out of the shop, and we found them all in a dust-hole the next morning after we missed them; on Friday the 14th of this month the alarm was given by the prisoner about five in the morning, that there were thieves in the house; I got up, and found the shop door open; there is no private door.
Had you any other servants?
No.
What does your family consist of?
Me and this lady, and the maid; she confessed she put the property there.
Was she told it would be better for her to confess?
Yes; but not by me, it was Mrs. Lovell.
Did you find them by accident?
The watchman suspected it was the servant.
I am a constable (produces the property) I found these things in the dust-hole, covered over with a large quantity of dust.
I am a watchman: The lady in the house gave an alarm with a rattle out at the two pair of stairs room window; when I came up I found the door partly open, and found several bundles of stockings and hats thrown about the passage, and some candlesticks, and saw the servant maid (the prisoner at the bar) come from the parlour door with nothing but an under-petticoat about her; and she said, watchman, I am glad you are come, here are thieves in the house; and another watchman and I searched about the house, and Mr. Culverwell, and we saw a looking-glass lie upon the floor in the parlour; we went to the lower part of the house and examined the windows, and we found no marks of violence at all, nor upon the door; Mr. Culverwell went to pull out a drawer in the kitchen-dresser, and said, the silver spoons are gone; and the prisoner said, there was a piece of new cloth gone from the fire-side, that was hanging there to dry; then we went up stairs, and found a knife-case standing very near the door of the dining-room, upon the floor; upon being asked if she heard any noise, she said, she heard a man scrambling against the wainscot; we could not find any marks of violence any where; we went all over the house, and the top of the house, and there was no where that any body could have got in at; and the ladder had not been moved, nor nothing.
I am a lodger in the prosecutor's house: I was alarmed about five o'clock in the morning by the maid coming to the door, and saying, there was a man in the house, she wanted me to open the door and give her a light; I told her, I was afraid of giving her a light, and would not open the door; I told her to be well satisfied first, and she came up again, and said, ma'am, there are thieves in the house, I hear them talk below, upon that I went and took the rattle, and opened the window, and alarmed the neighbourhood.
You did not see any thieves running away?
No.
Now look at these things, and tell us if they are your property?
They are the soons I reckon at 12s. the gold ring cost me a guinea and a half, I value that at a guinea, the cloak cost me six guineas, I value it at 5l.
These are my stockings, there are twelve dozen of them, they have my private mark upon them, they cost me more than 10l.
Who was last up?
I was, and fastened the door myself, with bolts and bars.
I don't know any thing about them, I did not take them.
