I am a sugar refiner , the man was a servant of mine, and he stayed out of nights, and I had a suspicion, and I went and looked into his chest; he was a clay-maker , what we put on the tops of the sugars. I missed this property, that is, I found the sugars in his chest, some cheese, and eleven candles.
Where was this box?
In the room where he slept; the prisoner unlocked the box, I told him to do it.
Was he then in your house at work?
He came for his money to leave us; he would not come any more.
Was he at work that morning?
No, he was not; he was at work the day before.
Do you remember the day of the week that you examined the man?
On Friday.
Did he apply for his wages before he went that morning?
He did not.
How much did you owe him?
He lived as nigh as I can guess with us about six weeks.
How came you, as he went away that morning, to find him to get at his box?
I stood at the door as he came home; he went out on Thursday night without leave, he lodged in the house.
Now as to the articles that were in his box; you say, he gave you the key, and he opened it?
He did.
What became of the things?
They are in the constable's possession.
Did you know the things immediately, that you say to be your's?
I did not swear them to be mine.
Then you cannot speak as to the loss of these things?
I cannot.
When this box was opened, did the prisoner say any thing at all to you about the things?
He told me, that it was not he, that put the sugar there, that was all he said.
I have to this time served him faithfully?
He has.
Has this man always been in this state with his head being fixed?
He appeared like other people then; he had it not on Friday.
Can you prove that these things, that were in the box, was the property of Mr. Cereaker?
I cannot say they were his property. I was present when the box was opened, and the prisoner said, that he did not know who put them there.
I live in the family of Mr. Cereaker. I can swear to two pieces.
Was you present when the box was examined?
I was not; the man told me, that he only took one piece of sugar and the candles; I did not see him take them.
Can you swear that any belonged to Mr. Cereaker?
I cannot.
Can you swear to any sugar?
No.
Can you swear to any candles?
No.
I was sent for as the constable. I was present when the things were taken out of the box, the things were in the box when I was in the room; I saw them in the box; I have had the key of the box ever since. I know nothing whose property it is.
