I keep the Wool-pack, in Little Moorfields , a public house , I remember the prisoner coming to my house the 23d of October, about eight o'clock in the evening, he came in and asked for a glass of gin, and I served him myself, when he had drank it he gave me a shilling, I looked at the shilling and told him it was a bad one, he said he did not know that he had a bad shilling about him, and he would give me another, he gave me another, I looked at it, I told him it was one of the same sort as the first he had given me; he said he thought I was particular, I told him I had served my goods and I expected my money, he then gave me a third shilling, that was as bad, and a fourth, and that was the same. Mr. Clark and Mr. Bradley, the two marshalmen were in my back room, I went to them and told them; I had the money in my hand, Mr. Clark came into the shop, he asked him how many more he had of them? the man had three more of them in his hand; before that he told me that he worked in the leather business, and he had let the money fall into some leather water, and that had taken that effect on it that made them look so bad. Mr. Clark then searched him, but there was no more found on him, Mr. Clark asked me what he should do, I put all the seven together, and sealed them in a paper and gave them to Mr. Clark.
So he uttered one after another to the number of seven?
No, four, and three were in his hand.
Did not you think it pretty odd that a man that had seven bad shillings about him should offer these one after another?
I asked him if he had not good money to pay for the gin, he had not, he was searched.
On the 23d of October I was in Mr. Hill's house, in a back room, Mr. Hill called me out, on account of a man that had tendered some bad money, when I saw the prisoner, he had three bad shillings in his hands, the others, Mr. Hill had some in his hand, and some on the counter; I looked on them all and found to the best of my judgment they were all bad.
They are all bad, I look upon it they are made all from one die, six out of the seven do not appear to have been in circulation.
