On the 18th of December, I stopped the prisoner at Paul's-wharf , I had some suspicion he had got what he ought not to have, by seeing some coffee beans fall out of his hat on his making a slip.
What are you?
I am a servant to Mr. Hanson.
What is Mr. Hanson?
Bull porter , a warehouseman . I asked him what he had in his hat? he said, a little coffee. I asked him if it was a sample? he said no, but he would carry it back again; I told him no, that would not do; then I called Mr. Gossett, and he came forward and sent for a constable.
Who is Mr. Gossett?
One that belongs to Mr. Hanson. I delivered the prisoner up to Mr. Gossett, and then I left him. I know no more. He was examined afterwards.
I was sent for on the 18th of December; I am a constable. About two o'clock I came to the warehouse of Mr. Hanson and Co. Thames-street; what they call Paul's-whars. I then found the prisoner, Badger, by the warehouse door, with his hat laying on the ground, with the crown downward; I see in his hat this quantity of coffee, which is three pounds and a half; it has been in my possession ever since; I then took him into the counting house to search him further, and I found in his breeches this quantity consisting of eleven pounds and a half, not in his pockets, but put round him, I took it from him, and I have had it in my possession ever since.
Alley. This is unroasted coffee, I believe?
It is.
I am a grocer.
Are you concerned in Mr. Hanson's house?
No, I live in Paul's-chain, near to Mr. Hanson's, not a stone's throw from it. I was going down Thames-street and I saw the constable, and he said, I have got a charge, you are a judge of coffee, will you go down with me? and I went down and was an eye witness of the coffee being taken out of the crown of his hat, and the knees of his breeches. For satisfaction, I offered it to be weighed in my shop, and it weighed upwards of fourteen pounds.
to Tealing. Was the prisoner employed by Mr. Hanson?
He is a jour neyman cooper by trade, employed to cooper the casks to make ready for shipping or any thing else. He was coming out of the warehouse when I see him, I suppose him to have been at work there.
Was there any coffee on Mr. Hanson's premises?
great deal; a great many casks.
Was these casks open?
It is their business to open them, and inclose them again, to cooper the casks.
Then it was easy for any one so employed to take the coffee if he was disposed?
It was nothing but coffee that these coopers came about then.
And he was employed as a journeyman cooper on that day?
He was, and five or six more.
