I live in Lucas-court, King-street, Golden-square.
Were you robbed at any time?
Yes, on the 27th of April, at the Star and Garter public house,Westminster , near the house of Lord's; It was three o'clock in the day. I went into a public house at Chelsea the day before; this was on Monday, I went in to have a pint of beer, and have some bread and cheese; and when I was coming out of the house there were a parcel of soldiers there at the door, that said I had the King's money in my pocket; I said I had not, they said I had, and I took my handkerchief out of my pocket, and threw a shilling out of it, on the ground; with that they took me backwards into a back place and kept me there till the dusk of the evening, in a room on the ground floor; in the dusk of the evening three of them brought me across Tothill-fields, to the Star and Garter, Westminster; when I came to the Star and Garter, they enquired for serjeant Cooke.
Who enquired for serjeant Cooke?
The men who took me. When serjeant Cooke came down stairs, he took me into a room on the left hand side, by the passage going in, and asked me if I would be a soldier? I told him that I would not, that I was an apprentice and desired my liberty; he told me if I would not be a soldier, he would be d-d if I should go from there, for there he would keep me; I asked him for a pen and ink, to let me write, and he refused to let me have it; he took me up stairs into a back garret, where I was locked up; I was kept there till near the middle of the day on Sunday, and then he let me go down stairs into a room in the one pair of stairs; before the dusk of the evening he carried me up into the same room again, and locked me up again till Monday, on Monday he told me if I offered to make any resistance to what he was going to do, he would blow my brains out; he and another carried me to a place, which I suppose to be the office in Queen-square. I was ordered to stand up on some steps, and there was a gentleman sitting reading some news papers, and he asked me what my name was? Mr. Cooke made answer and said, William Harris; he said, have you got your bounty? and he said, here it is for him, and he put seven guineas into my hand; he took me back again to the Star and Gartor.
Did nothing more pass there?
Yes, there was an old gentleman that was at the desk went on to read something to me, what it was I cannot tell you, I was so terrified. Then I was took back again by this Cooke, and him that came with me to the Star and Garter.
A soldier?
Yes. They took me up into the room in the one pair of stairs, and I staid there a little while, and he ordered me to come out and pull off my clothes, and put on some soldiers clothes; I put on the soldiers clothes, and laid my own down at my feet, as I pulled them off, and as I was stooping down to pick up my own clothes, he knocked me backward, and before I could get up again my clothes were gone, and the seven guineas that was in my pocket, that he had given me, and a guinea of my own.
Were both the man gone?
The men were not gone, but my clothes were gone.
Who carried your clothes away?
I don't know; the prisoner knocked me down, and before I got up again the clothes were gone. It was not in the room, it was on the landing place of the one pair of stairs.
Who was with you then?
There was him and three or four more soldiers about, that was in the house.
How long were you before you got up again?
Not long.
Where did you conceive they conveyed your clothes to?
There was a great chest stood there, where they kept the clothes, and they might have throwed them behind that, but I never see them afterward.
Then you was knocked down on the landing place?
Yes.
At that time you say several soldiers were standing round?
Yes.
What else past?
He took me up stairs into the back garret back again, and locked me up, where I was locked up the night before, and kept me there till between four and five o'clock, on Tuesday morning between four and five o'clock, him and two more, with drawn swords marched up with me and six others to the Golden Cross, Charing Cross, there we were put on the Portsmouth coach, and sent to llsey Barracks, the next day I ran away from llsey Barracks, and was stopped on the road, about a mile on the other side of Bagshot, and from there I was sent across the country twelve miles, as a deserter, to Guildford gaol, and was brought up from there by Habeas Corpus, and discharged before judge Lawrence.
How long was you in this house at Chelsea, or with the other soldiers?
From between one and two o'clock till the dusk of the evening; they would not let me come out of the house, they took me backwards, into a place of confinement.
What time was this?
Between two and three o'clock.
Did you see any body belonging to the house?
Not after they took me backwards.
Did not you call?
I did not, there were soldiers standing with me all the time. I see nobody there belonging to the house but a woman, who when she see me going backward, she got up and walked away.
When you was at the Star and Garter, did you see any body in the house?
Yes, I see the landlord.
How came you not to tell him your case?
I was afraid and terrified.
When you got before the justice, how came you not to tell him your case?
I was afraid and terrified, I did not know where I was.
Why you swear in your narrative, that you was carried to the police office.
I said nothing, because he said if I made any resistance he would blow my brains out; I was afraid.
When you were before the magistrate, or before the old gentleman, could you not have told them how long you had been confined?
I was so terrified by his threats, that I did not know what to do; I see none but this old gentleman and another, sitting at a desk; I was so terrified by his threats.
When the prisoner said that your name was William Harris, did you say it was?
No, I never spoke a word.
Then you was content to answer to this name before this old gentleman?
I was so terrified that I never spoke one word.
Then again when you was carried to the Golden Cross, Charing Cross, you was carried through the streets, there were people enough there?
I see none, except a watchman or two; there were soldiers went down in the coach to guard me, and soldiers round me, I was on the middle of the roof.
Where were you brought from when you was brought before Mr. justice Lawrence?
I was brought from Guildford by Habeas Corpus.
Who came with you?
witness that is here.
Had you seen either the prisoner or any soldier after the time you was committed to Guildford gaol?
No, none of them.
Knowlys. Be so good as to tell me what time it was on Monday that you was knocked down and robbed?
Between three and four o' clock in the afternoon.
Then I think you say, immediately after you was taken up into a back room, and locked up there till you was carried to the Golden Cross, Charing Cross?
Yes, I was.
Now I will ask you a question or two more; you came from Chelsea with these soldiers, did not you?
Yes.
You see watchmen in your way then?
I see no watchmen then.
About what time did you take it to be?
I took it to be about eight or nine o'clock.
Did not you see any watchmen as you came to this Star and Garter?
I did not.
Which way did you come from Chelsea?
cross Tothill-fields.
Through what streets?
I don't know the name of the streets.
You know where the Star and Garter is?
It is either in Palace-yard or Abington-street.
Which way did you come into the Star and Garter?
I came in at the end of Abington-street.
You see a great many people in that way?
I did not see a great many.
Did you make any complaint to any one?
I did not.
Did any mob get about you, seeing you guarded by three or four soldiers?
No, they did not.
Did you seem unwilling to go?
I did, sometimes.
Did any body stop to observe that?
No, nobody did stop.
Though you were struggling with the soldiers?
No.
And so they got safe into the Star and Garter?
Yes.
That was on Saturday? when?
About dusk.
How were you disposed of there?
I was carried into a room on the left hand side of the passage, and they asked for serjeant Cooke, and serjeant Cooke came down stairs.
When he spoke to you, where did you remain on Saturday evening?
I remained a little time in that room, and then I was taken up stairs, and locked up in the back garret.
Did you go through the tap room?
No, I did not.
You never see the tap room at all?
I did not.
When did you see the landlord?
I see him on Sunday, he came into the room for something.
Then you went to the justice on Monday, and this man was impudent enough to give in your name as William Harris, that was not your name?
It was not.
Did you ever write your name?
No.
You never wrote your name in your life, as William Harris?
Yes, I did, when I was committed to Guildford gaol, or Bagshot.
Did not you at the police office, at Westminster, write your name as William Harris ?
No, I did not.
Be so good as to look at that, and say whether that is your hand writing or no (an attestation shewn him)
I will swear that that is not my hand writing.
Look at it again, there are two William Harris's, there is one at the top and one in the middle of the paper, are neither of them your hand writing?
No.
You was an apprentice at this time?
Yes.
Do you recollect taking an oath in your life time?
Yes, I have.
Did not you take an oath at the police office, Westminster?
No, not that I know of.
Did you kiss the book?
Not that I know of, I don't know I did, to the best of my knowledge I did not.
Do you recollect any oath being read over to you?
No, I do not recollect what it was that was read over to me, I was in such terror.
There was something read over to you, you say? who read them over to you? Is Shepherd there? Look at him.
Yes, that is the man.
You recollect him?
I think that is the man.
You never see him since you was at the police, and yet you had senses enough about you to think that is the man?
Yes, I think it is.
And yet you say you did not sign your name there?
I did not sign my name there.
All the questions that I heard asked was, what is your name?
The serjeant said, William Harris; have you got your bounty? the serjeant said, here it is, and he put seven guineas into my hand.
Do you recollect signing a receipt for the bounty?
No.
Now I tell you there is such a thing as a receipt signed William Harris , there fore you will recollect yourself. You was locked up I understand from Saturday, till the time you went to the police office?
I was not locked up all the time, I was let down some part of Sunday, into a room in the one pair of stairs.
Who did you see there?
I see some soldiers in the room; only once I see the landlord come.
Before you went to the police office, did not you go into Crown-street
No, not that I know of, I might go through Crown street to it.
You did not stop any where to see any body?
No.
(Mr. Dalby, stand up) Tell me whether you did not see that gentleman, whether you were not examined by him, as to the propriety of being fit for a soldier, before you went to the police office?
No.
Nor before you went to llsey Barracks?
Not by any body.
And you never see that gentleman?
I see him at Marlborough-street.
When was you in Marlborough-street?
After I was brought up from Guildford; after the prisoner was taken up.
Knowlys. Do you know a watchman of the name of Thomas Bradley?
No.
Then I ask you this question, whether between this time after you came from the police office, some time on Monday night, you did not escape from the room up stairs, with your own clothes on, and brought back by Bradley to this house?
No.
Had you ever got out of the Star and Garter before the time you was carried to the police office?
Never.
Then after you had been at the police office, you swear you did not get out of this house, and brought back by Bradley, a watchman?
No, I did not get out.
(Bradley, stand up.) Look at that person; will you swear that he did not say hold of you, and bring you back to the Star and Garter, you having got away?
Yes, I will.
You say that when the prisoner knocked you down, he took away the seven guineas from you, and one guinea of your own? Did you mention that at Marlborough-street office?
Yes, I did.
Do you know a captain Bartholemew?
No.
(Is captain Bartholemew here) Look at that gentleman, was your person ever examined by him, to see if you were fit to be a soldier?
My person never was examined by any one.
How came you to sign the name of William Harris at Guildford?
Because it was the name that I was carried down to Ilsey Barrack by, as a soldier, and as such I signed that name, as I was going to be sent across the country as a deserter.
I live at No. 5, Lucas-court, King-street, Golden-square.
You know Smith?
Yes.
How long have you known him?
Within ten or twelve years.
What is he?
He is an apprentice to one Thomas Scott , Silver-court, Golden-square; I have his indentures with me now.
What is he?
shoemaker.
Is he here?
No, not as I know of, his wife was very ill, and he said he could not very well attend.
Do you know how he came to be absent from his master?
I know no more than he called in and told my wife that he was going down to Windsor. When there was a warrant obtained, I went down to the Star and Garter; I apprepended serjeant Cooke at the Star and Garter, serjeant Cooke said, all that this lad has said is lies, and if you please to let me be brought up to-morrow for reexamination, I have sufficient witnesses that will come forward, and prove him a liar; Mr. Conant made a reply, I wish to give you all the fair play that lies in my power, by to-morrow one o'clock get all your witnesses; to-morrow one o'clock came, and he was brought forward; this Bradley, the watchman, who came into court just this moment, he was brought forward to prove that he apprehended Smith, and brought him back from Palace-yard, after he made his escape over the wall, and serjeant Cooke said he gave him five shillings for his trouble; Mr. Conant asked Mr. Bradley, will you know the man if you see him; he said he would be able to swear to him among a thousand; Mr. Conant says, walk into the next room, and see if you can see him; he walked into the next room, and looked at one and another, and at last he fixed on one man; he came out again, and Mr. Conant asked him, have you seen him? he said, yes; will you swear to him? yes; Mr. Conant asked him to go and bring this man out, he brought forward a man a good deal taller and a good deal bigger than Smith; Mr. Conant he turns round to serjeant Cooke, and says, is this the best witness you have got. And Mr. Dalby when he was asked whether he could remember him, replied, upon my word, in the course of my practice I examine so many men, that I cannot recollect all I see.
Was the man that Bradley fixed upon, Smith, or somebody else?
Somebody else, three inches taller, and five inches bigger. Then the prisoner was committed.
Gurney You say you have got this man's indentures in your pocket?
They are in my hand now, and here is the warrant that I apprehended serjeant Cooke by.
Have you got that part of the indenture to which Smith's name is signed?
His name is signed to that; his master let me have it; it was sent by a person to me, from the master that is the same indenture that I took to Mr. Justice Lawrences's chamber, in Serjeant's inn.
Were had you them from?
From the master.
Pray where is the apprentices indentures?
I know nothing about that, I never see any other than that to my knowledge.
Pray let us know a little who you are?
I am a shoe-maker, and a journeyman constable.
Pray were you the adviser of this man, about this prosecution?
No, indeed I did not.
You describe yourself as a journeyman constable, perhaps you have heard something about rewards?
I have heard a great deal about rewards, in news papers.
Have you ever heard any reward for persons convicted of robbery?
Yes, I have.
Could you guess what the reward is?
I have heard that it is forty pounds.
Don't you know, and believe, that there is a reward of forty pounds in case this man is convicted?
I don't know indeed; upon my oath I don't expect any reward.
Don't you know there will be a reward of forty pounds if the prisoner is convicted?
I never understood so, nor I do not understand so.
What do you mean by reading of rewards in news papers?
For a high way robbery I have; this I don't understand as highway robbery, but stealing the boy's clothes.
You attend at Marlborough-street sometimes?
No, I do not, I only do business for the parish, sometimes apprehending men for bastard children, and carrying summonses.
Did you receive this indenture from the master at any time?
I see the master give it to the lad's mother, that is here, and she gave it to me. The first that I see of the indenture was on the 12th of May, after the master had been at Marlborough street to get a warrant to bring him up from Guildford; in Silver-street, Golden-square, at Mr. Scott's house; I went there at the desire of his mother; I had been there once before. or twice.
Did you ask him about the indenture when you went before?
No, not till this boy was absent, and he wrote up that he was confined in Guildford gaol, and then the mother applied at Marlborough street office, for a warrant to bring an apprentice up; I think the mother went with me to the master's, when I applied for the indenture and I think it was the 12th of May.
I am a lieutenant in the seventeenth regiment of foot, and I have permission to act in the Louth Volunteers, in the absence of Colonel Lost.
Do you know the person by the name of William Harris , that you have seen here?
During the absence of Colonel Lost, there is not a man enlisted but what comes before me to be approved of as a soldier, to serve his Majesty in that regiment; this man I will swear to; I believe when I see him it was on the 26th of April, I think it was on Sunday or Mon day morning.
Did you make a memorandum of it at the time?
Not at the time, till he was sworn in. Every morning after my breakfast I go down to the Star and Garter, to approve of the men that may be brought there as recruits; he was brought there by one Brown, he was to have ten guineas bounty, and three to be deducted for the clothes, knapsack and accoutrements; he was brought down stairs as usual, into the parlour before he was attested, he was brought into the parlour to me; I asked him, my lad, are you willing to go for a soldier? yes, says he, I am; says I, what trade are you? he told me he was a porter that he carried out small parcels; I asked him if he had been ill, for he looked rather as I thought weakley, and I made a cemical observation of him, I said he will make a very good man-midwife, for he has got very long fingers. Now, says I, you are perfectly willing to go into the Louth Volunteers? yes, says he, I am; says I, you are not an apprentice? no, says he, I am not; the consequence was, I told him to go up into the room along with the rest of the recruits; but prior to that, says I, will you like to leave any of the bounty in my hands; no, says he, I will have it all down now, very well, says I take him away; it is my duty to take them to the surgeon before he is sworn, to see if he is found.
Did you give direction that he should be taken to the surgeon?
Yes, but whether he was or was not I don't know. The next thing I heard was, that he had deserted.
Have you any doubt at all that that is the man that you spoke to?
If I had a doubt of him I should have a doubt of mo father, whom I know.
I am a surgeon.
Is it a part of your duty to examine the recruits for the Louth Volunteers?
It is, but I pass so many men that it is impossible, as Rethrick has said already, that I can recollect every one, but this circumstance however has been growing on my mind since I see him(Smith) in Marlborough-street; I think I have some recollection of him, and that when he came I took\\ him\\ into the drawing room, and I let my curtains down, to prevent any indelicate appearance to my opposite neighbours, and I examined him in the room, I found him a very fit person, and as such I entered him; by some accident or other I have lost my memorandum book, or else I keep a memorandum of every one that I examine; my house then was No.9, Crown street, Westminster, where the colonel lives now.
How far is that from the Star and Garter?
Nearly about a quarter of a mile.
I keep the Star and Garter in Old Palace-yard.
Do you know the person of the man that has given evidence here?
Yes, this is the person; he come to my house on Saturday, the latter end of April, I did not see him come in, there was a man brought him in that said he was come from Chelsea.
What day did you first see him?
I see him Saturday in the afternoon, I think it was between three and four o'clock; I am certain it was before dark, he came in as a recruit.
Do the recruits go into any particular room?
They come almost into every room in the house, there is one room that I let them have to sleep in, and another to fit in, but they go all over the house.
Did you see that man confined at all, during the time he was in the house?
I never see him confined at all; I carried him a bason of tea, and bread and butter, into the tap room; I am not positive whether it was on Sunday or Monday but one of the two days I did.
At any time he was at your house, did he appear to be confined or restrained?
No, never, till after he went out of the house, and brought in by the watchman; there was never an angry word giver, but he was commended for his sobrietv.
Did you go to the police office at Westminster?
I did not.
Do you know whether he did?
I heard say that he did.
Did you see him at the time he was going?
No, I cannot say that I did.
Did you at all converse with him on the subject, or hear him say any thing about it?
No.
By what name did he go at your house?
William Harris .
Had you heard him called by that name before he went to the police office?
Yes.
Did you see him on Monday evening?
Yes.
Do you know at what time he retired to rest in his own room?
No.
What time was it you say he was brought in by a watchman?
Nearly about twenty minutes after ten on Monday evening.
Do you know the watchman that brought him in?
Yes, he has been the watchman at my door ever since I kept the house (Bradley) I am sure he is the man that brought him in.
When he was brought in what was done?
Cooke was asked whether he knew the man or not; he said he did know him, and took him into the parlour, and I did not see further what passed.
When did the man leave your house?
Early on Tuesday morning.
Did you see him at all?
I did not.
What clothes had he on before he made his escape?
He had a blue coat on when he was brought in.
Did you see him in any other kind of coat before he went off?
Yes, I see him in his regimentals, on the day after he was attested.
Was the blue coat the same coat as he came in on Saturday night?
Yes, the same coat.
Are you sure that he was brought in the same coat by the watchman, as he came in on Saturday night?
Yes, the same coat
Do you know any thing more of this business?
No more.
Are you sure he is the man?
I am very sure he is the man. After he came out of the parlour, I heard Cooke tell him to go up stairs about his business, and called him a vagabond for deserting, and his coat was then tore.
I am a waiter to the Star and Garter.
Is that house kept by the last witness?
Yes.
Look at that man(Smith) did you ever see him before?
Yes, I see him there at the Star and Garter, on the 27th of April, to the best of my knowledge on Saturday.
At what time?
I cannot positively say; in the forenoon as near as I can recollect.
When he was there on Saturday, what part of the house was he in?
In a little room on the left hand.
Was he in any confinement?
None at all.
Locked up at all?
Only in the evening, when the rest of the soldiers were in bed,
Did you ever see him in the tap room at all?
On Monday he was, in the forenoon, to the best of my knowledge.
What was he doing there?
He might be drinking or sitting with the rest of the men.
What part of the house was he in on Sunday?
He was in different parts.
Was he ever out of the house to your knowledge?
Not to my knowledge.
On Monday was he out of the house?
On Monday he was.
Where he went to you don't know?
I cannot tell.
Was he brought in any time of the day?
In the evening, to the best of my knowledge he was brought in by the watchman at the door(Bradley) dressed in a blue coat.
Was that the same coat that he came in on Saturday evening?
Yes, to the best of my knowledge.
When the watchman brought him in, what did he say?
He enquired for the serjeant.
Who did he mean by the serjeant. did he mean the prisoner, Mr. Cooke?
Yes; he asked him if this man did not belong to him, which he had brought which he supposed was going to desert, which Mr. Cooke took from him, tearing his coat in the passage, and sent him up stairs.
How soon did he leave the house, the next morning?
I don't know.
Did Mr. Cooke say any thing to him about deserting?
He asked him where he was going to?
By what name did he go while he was in your house?
William Harris; I heard the serjeant call him so.
Did he answer to the name of William Harris?
Yes.
You are clerk to the police office in Queen's square, Westminster?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar, Mr. Cooke?
I do.
Do you recollect his coming to you at any time on the 27th of April?
He has brought so many recruits that I cannot tell.
Do you make any memorandum when he brings recruits to you?
I do.
Have you any memorandum of his coming on the 27th of April?
I have.
Look at them. Did you make these memorandums at the time?
Before the attestation is delivered out of my hands, I enter them in a book.
Do you find you have entered any memorandum of Mr. Cooke bringing any recruit to you on the 27th of April?
Here is William Cooke brought William Harris; Sir John Lost's rendezvous, Star and Garter Palace yard
Was that person that appeared by the name of William Harris, attested on that occasion?
He was.
Before what magistrate?
John Warner, Esq.
Did youwitness that attestation?
I did, there is my hand writing upon it.
Whoever the William Harris was, did you see him sign his name to that attestation?
Most undoubtedly I did.
Was that William Harris examined before he signed it?
He was, and every recruit that comes to be attested, is very strictly examined by the magistrate; there is none but are very strictly examined, whether they enter voluntarily or not, and whether they were drunk when they enlisted.
Did that William Harris, whoever he was, take the oaths?
I am the person that administers the oaths; as soon as I have administered the oaths, I take the attestation, and the magistrate signs it.
Have you any doubt that that oath was administered to that William Harris, whoever he was?
Most undoubtedly he was.(The attestation read.)
Are you sure that the man answered to the name of William Harris or not?
Most undoubtedly, for he must write his name, William Harris, before I wrote it myself.
Do you ever suffer a serjeant or any other person whatever, to give in the name of the man who appears for them, and not let the man give in his own name?
I fit at my desk, at the corner, I call the recruit to me, if he can write his name I make him do it at the beginning of the attestation, if he cannot write his name, I make him make his mark, and I write under it, the mark of such a one; I never suffer a person to be attested whose name is wrote before he comes to the office; if his name is wrote I strike my pen through it, and make him write it over again.
I am a watchman at the Star and Garter, Palace yard.
Knowlys to Shepberd. I had forgot to ask you one question, is the magistrate's signature J. Warner?
It is justice Warner's hand writing.
Gurney to Bradley. Did you ever see that young man?
No, I cannot say that I did; to the best of my knowledge I don't think I know the man; I took a man that jumped over the wall, and I took him to serjeant Cooke, and asked serjeant Cooke, does this man belong to you? I took the man in the dark, I cannot be positive to the man.
How long ago?
I cannot positively say, it was on a Monday in May, I believe.
Did you ever take more than one man in that situation?
Never.
Then the only man you ever found in that situation, you took to serjeant Cooke, and delivered to him?
I did.
Are you sure it was in May?
To the best of my knowledge I think it was.
Can you tell whether the man that you took, was at all like the young man that stands by you?
He was a tall man, but being in the dark I could not see his face.
When you carried him to the Star and Garter, was there any light there?
I did not carry him into the parlour, I gave him up at the door to serjeant Cookes there were a couple of candles burning on the table in the parlour, and he took the man from me, and he said, I know the man.
Had you the opportunity of seeing the man's face when you stood at the door?
I did not take any notice of his face.
Then you should not know the man again if you was to see him?
No, I cannot say I should.
Nor can you from a belief, say whether it was Smith or any other person?
It was a tallish man.
Were you before the justice in Marlborough-street?
Yes, I was.
Did you pick out any man there?
Yes, I did; to the best of my knowledge I thought that was the man, it turned out not to be the man.
Did you say whether you should know him or not, that you should know him among a thousand?
I thought I should know the man.
Are you any relation to the prisoner at the bar?
I am brother; a soldier in the life guards.
Do you know the witness that has been examined here?
Yes, that is the man.
Where did you first see him?
In the front parlour at the Star and Garter, on Monday.
What time of the day?
At night, I suppose between eight and nine, or about nine.
Did you see the watchman(Bradley) at all?
I did; this gentleman, the prosecutor was with him; he brought him into the parlour, he said he found him in some back place, he had got over a wall, he supposed, by hearing some glass fall on the ground.
That was on Monday night you say?
Yes, it was.
How long was it before he quitted this house?
I don't know, I am certain that is the man.
Had you any conversation with Bradley, in the parlour?
Not a word.
Had Bradley any conversation with your brother, or any man while he was in the parlour?
He asked him if this man belonged to him.
That he asked your brother in the parlour?
Yes.
I belong to Colonel Lost's regiment of Louth Volunteers.
Do you know that young man?
Yes.
Where did you see him?
In Ilsey Barracks; he came into Ilsey Barracks while I was there; he deserted the next day after I came in; I laid in the same bed with him the night he slept there.
Did he make any complaint of being kidnapped?
None at all.
What name did he go by?
William Harris.
Did he affect any other name?
None at all, that was the name he answered by on the parade.
I believe you are the agent to the regiment of Louth Volunteers?
I am Colonel Lost's agent in that regiment, while he is out of town. I have known the prisoner some time, he bears a very excellent character, and his behaviour to his recruits were good, and they speak all well of him.
Court to Retherick. How did you first hear that the prosecutor was sent to Ilsey Barracks?
From a letter that he sent to his mother, informing her that he was in Guildford house of correction, I had it in posession from his mother, and took it with me the first time I went down to Guildford; but whether I have it at home or no now, or gave it to his mother, I don't know.
