I received the order from Michael Peters; I understood he came from Mrs. Stanton.
I am a porter; I ply sometimes in Fleet-street, and sometimes in Covent-Garden: the prisoner at the bar came to me, and asked me to take a note for him, I be lieve sometime in February, but I am not certain; he gave it me at the end of Fleet-makert; I had seen the prisoner before, I am certain he is the man that gave me the note; I took the note to Mr. Harris's, in Fish-street; it was to fetch a quarter of a hundred of soap; I gave the note to Mr. Harris, the elder; young Mr. Harris was not present; he told one of his porters to weigh me a quarter of a hundred of soap; he weighed it me, and put it in three brown pieces of paper; I put it on my knot, and brought it as far as the Blue-Last, Blackstiars, there I met the man that gave me the note; he told me to go a little farther with him; I went to the end of Water-lane, Fleet-street, and there he took the soap from me, and I charged him sixpence porterage; I saw no more of him from that time till he was taken up; I am sure it is the same note that I delivered to Mr. Harris, that I received from the prisoner.
I am in partnership with my father Richard Harris: On the 15th of February, when I received the note, I desired the man to weigh the soap, and give it to the porter; I asked him if it was from Mrs. Stanton; she had been a customer of our's several years; (produces the note, it is read)
I weighed the soap, and gave it to the man; I saw nothing of the prisoner till I saw him before Alderman Pickett, at Guildhall.
I live in Bell-yard, Temple-bar, I am a shop-keeper; I have dealt with Messrs. Harris some years. (Looks at the note). I don't know any thing of it, it is not my writing; I never sent a written order in my life.
Had you the soap?
No; I have known the prisoner seven years, he served his time with the tallow-chandler that serves me, Mr. Wood, in the Butcher-row, with candles; he has been out of his time about three or four months; he has left his master about four months; I never saw him after, till I saw him at Guildhall; he used to come to my house most days to bring goods, and take orders.
I am a constable: Mr. Harris came to me on the 12th of March, Saturday night, and said, he had had an order come to his house, a false note, for some soap; and he recollected, the man that fetched it was a porter; I found him on Sunday, and took him into custody; not this porter, but another; he said, he was not the man that fetched the soap; I went and found him out, and he found the prisoner; we took him in the Butcher-row.
I know nothing of these porters: I know nothing of the crime I am charged with; I am innocent of it.
(To Stanton). Do you know any thing of Peters at all?
No, I don't.
Did you take the note yourself, or your father?
He gave it to me, my father and I were close together; I read it to my father.
Did you know nothing about Peters, what kind of a man he is?
No; I understand he gets his living by porters' work.
The prisoner, about last November, asked me where I dealt for soap; do you deal with such a one in St. Giles's? do you deal with such a one, do you deal with such a one? I said, no; says he, then you deal with an oilman; no, says I, how came you to think of that; I deal with Mr. Haris in Fish-street.
