My business is a silversmith .
Was you robbed of any coat buttons at any time, or waistcoat buttons?
I was.
Where did you lose them from?
From my shop.
Was the prisoner a stranger, or servant?
A stranger.
Where do you live?
In Duke's-court, St. Martin's-lane .
What day were they taken away?
I think it was the preceding what is observed for the Queen's birth day, to the best of my remembrance between seven and eight in the evening.
How did it happen?
I was in the shop myself, there were two persons came into the shop, both unknown to me, as it should seem to buy some silver coat and waistcoat buttons; and I had not enough to make up the number that was wanted, and I was to make up the number the next day; on the day I lost them, one of these people, I should suppose it to be one of them, came, it should seem for the buttons, I produced them, and I expected the buttons were going to be paid for, and I was going to cast up what they came to, the price we agreed to the day before; at that instant there was but one, but just as the goods were made up, and ready to be taken away, another came in, and asked some frivolous questions about the lodger, or something.
Where were the buttons?
On the counter.
Coat and waistcoat buttons?
Yes, both together.
Were they silver?
Yes, silver buttons.
What then?
When the second person had opened the door and asked me a certain question about a lodger I knew nothing of, that took my eye for a short space of time from the person that was in the shop before, at that very instant I imagine it to be, it was, that the buttons were missing from the counter.
How many were missing?
Sixteen of each; sixteen coat, and sixteen waistcoat buttons.
What past after that?
The parties went out of the shop, but in my confusion I am unable to say which went out first.
Is the prisoner either of those men?
I knew him when he was brought back to my shop, then I knew him; the knowledge I have of him now I got of him from what I see of him after he was brought back; the transaction happened at candle light, I minded my business more than I did his face.
Did you give any alarm on missing these things?
Yes, I made an alarm very soon after; I hesitated a moment whether I should pursue or not; in short, in the situation I was in, I cannot say whether I jumped over the counter, or went round the counter, but I am told that I jumped over the counter; he was taken in consequence of my alarm, in about two hundred yards, and brought back very soon after.
Was he the man that bargained about the buttons, or that talked about the lodger?
This must be the one, if I am not mistaken, that talked with me about the buttons; I looked on him so, he said it was another.
You must say whether you have a certainty as to that. Do you mean to be positive?
I would wish to stand clear so as to bring nothing bad upon myself; while I was looking at a second person, there was a possibility that my sense of sight might be deceived; I have the greater reason to believe that he is the man, but I may be mistaken, my eye being taken off for a moment.
When he was brought back was any thing found on him?
When he was taken I was in pursuit, and the things were produced to me that I missed out of St. Martin's church yard; I searched him myself; I felt him in this manner, and I found nothing.
How soon were the things brought back to you after he was taken?
I had the things before he arrived in the shop again.
Do you know your buttons again?
It would be very hard to say I knew every button again, they were plain silver buttons; the coat buttons were on a card, and the breast buttons were each in a bit of paper to keep them from rubbing one against the other.
Had not that card something of writing on it?
Yes.
Can you swear to the writing?
Yes.
Then how can you doubt about the buttons?
I have no doubt.
This took place by candlelight?
Yes.
You had no opportunity of seeing him by daylight?
Not by daylight.
You say you was more intent on the business than in looking at the prisoner's face?
That is a fact.
Therefore you did not take much notice of his face at all?
I cannot say that I did. It was by the over persuasion of my neighbours that I entered into the prosecution; I had nothing to build upon but his being brought back to me.
What do you mean by saying that you judge he was the same person by being brought back to you?
I should suppose by the parties taking of him, and bringing him back, that he was the man.
I am a butcher by business; I took the prisoner; I was going out of the shop with the tray of meat on my shoulder, hearing a cry of stop thief coming out of the shop, and seeing him come past, I tried to catch him if I could.
Did you see any body else with the prisoner?
I see the mob coming after him.
Who were nearest to him, you or the other people?
I took him at the bottom of the court, I followed him.
Were you the first that got up to him?
Yes; when I got up to him I asked for a light to see if I could find any thing that he had thrown away, he said it was no use to look there, there was nothing there.
Did you see him do any act like throwing away any thing?
No, but he said we should find the buttons up in the church yard.
Had he ran through the church yard?
Yes, he had.
How far was it from the church yard?
An hundred yards.
Did you see him running through the church yard?
No, I see him coming down the court.
Did you find the buttons there?
Yes.
How many did you find there?
I cannot tell, I did not count the number.
Were they silver buttons?
Yes, some on a card, and some wrapped up in a white paper.
What did you do with these buttons?
Packed them up, and they were taken to Mr. King's shop, and the prisoner likewise.
Did you go with the prisoner to Mr. King's?
Yes.
Did Mr. King seem to know any thing about the man?
He did not seem to mind much himself, his neighbours over persuaded him to do it.
Did Mr. King seem to know the buttons?
Yes.
What was done with the buttons? were they delivered to Mr. King?
Yes.
Where was it, my lad, that you stopped him?
At the bottom of Church-street, in the Strand.
You had not seen him at all in St. Martin's Church-yard?
No, not at all.
Did you see another man that the mob were pursuing?
No, I did not.
Perhaps you cannot recollect exactly what was said. Was it not said that a man had dropped them in St. Martin's Church-yard, and you should find them there? you cannot charge your memory that he did not say a man had dropped them there?
No, he did not.
Have you brought the buttons here?
Yes.
I know nothing at all about the buttons; when I came to the bottom of the court another gentleman stopped me, and not that man, and this man came up immediately after and laid hold of me, and they said the buttons were in the mud; I said I knew nothing at all about them, they said, which way did I come? somebody said, across the church yard; I made answer and said, you must look into the church yard; they went back into the church yard and found them there.
