I am a publican , I keep the Bell in Ratcliff highway : Between Thursday the 21st, and Friday the 22d of September, my premisses were broke, and my copper gone, and the lead. I went to the Shadwell office, and got a warrant to search the house of John Myatt , in Gravel-lane, and there I found the lead and the copper; we fitted it to the place, and it fitted exactly; we took up Myatt the next day, and he proved the buying it of John Mills, accordingly Mills was taken up, and he denied the fact.
Was this copper ever put up?
The copper has been fixed; it was cut up when I saw it.
I am servant to Mr. Heaford; I hit the copper at the bottom with a shovel, and bruised it very much; we lost it between Thursday and Friday, and in the lead there was a nail-hole that corresponded, and white-wash about it; I am sure it is the same copper.
Any body might have given a violent blow to any other copper, and it would have had the same effect?
Yes.
And you mean to take upon yourself to say, that when you saw it cut to pieces, you could swear to that copper?
The bottom was not cut at all; I am positively sure it is the same.
Did it correspond with the brickwork?
Yes, it did.
I am a Police officer: On Friday the 22d of September, I received information that the house of Mr. Heaford had been robbed; I went with a search-warrant to the house of Myatt, where we found a copper and some pieces of lead; we fitted it to the brick-work, and it corresponded.
Would you, as an honest man, undertake to swear to a copper after it had been cut up in that way?
No; I certainly could not.
I am servant to Mr. Myatt: On the 22d of September last, the pri soner came to me, and told me he had some old lead and an old copper, if I had a mind to bring the cart for it; he went away, and between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, my master ordered me to go to Mr. Mills's for some old stuff; accordingly I did, it was close by; Mr. Mills told me the lead was in the scale, and I went and got it, and he put down the weight, and told me I might put it to the door for sale if I liked, for there was no fear of it, and I took it away in the cart, the copper and the lead; I found the upper part was not good, and I cut it away from the bottom part of it; the officers took it away from my master's that same day.
The copper was not cut up till it came to Mr. Myatt's?
No; it was bent double.
Do you mean to say that the bottom, which is most used, was less worn than the top?
The bottom is never so much burnt as the side.
Was not Myatt taken up for this himself?
Yes.
And you cut it up at Myatt's house?
Yes.
That poor man told it to you whole and without any concealment?
Yes.
And what did you give him for it?
Eight-pence halfpenny for the copper, and one-penny farthing for the lead.
That is a fair price, and not such a price as persons that have stolen things would sell them at?
I never bought stolen goods.
Was Myatt never charged with any thing of this sort before?
Not since I have been servant to him.
Do you remember any thing about three hundred weight of copper?
I never heard of it to my knowledge.
How long have you lived with him?
Six months.
I am a smith, servant to Mr. Myatt: On Friday the 22d of September, I saw Mills in my master's shop, that is all I know.
I live in Old Gravel-lane, I am a dealer in old iron; the prisoner lives in New Gravel-lane: On Friday the 22d of September, he came to me and told me he had got some goods for me, and while I was at breakfast I sent Bailey for them; I paid him nine-pence a pound, or thereabouts for the copper, and something short of one-penny halfpenny for the lead; Mr. Rogers came the same day, and took them away.
The lead you never saw at all; do you usually buy lead without ever having seen it?
Yes; it is a very common thing.
What, to buy what you never saw?
My servant saw it.
You gave three-pence a pound?
Or thereabouts.
How long ago is this?
The 22d of last month, I believe it was eight-pence halfpenny that we agreed for.
What are you?
I deal in iron.
Do you keep a coal-yard?
No.
You keep an honest old iron shop?
Yes, and rags.
Has it happened now unluckily to you, some little time ago, that there was an information against you?
It did happen so.
That was something about a similar job with this?
No.
You got through that, did you?
Yes.
And you will get through this, if you can six it upon the prisoner, and save yourself?
If I had not had it from him.
I believe that little accident that happened to you before was about three or four hundred weight of copper?
No such thing.
What was that about?
Mr. Rogers can tell you very well; he took some iron from me, and I had it all back again, because I proved that I had it fairly.
I am a washerwoman and chair-woman; the prisoner's wife keeps a broker's shop, he is employed at the waterside; I was at his house on Friday the 22d of September, between seven and eight in the morning, and about eight o'clock, a man came with a copper and some lead in it; Mrs. Mills asked how he came by it, he said, he was a housekeeper, lived in Wapping, and sold it for distress; Mrs. Mills agreed to give him eight-pence a pound for the copper, and five farthings for the lead; I went backwards into the shed, and I saw no more of it, Mr. Mills was then at the water-side.
