I live at No. 26 Duke-street, Aldgate ; I am a fish salesman , at Bilingsgate: In the afternoon of the 12th of June last, about four or five o'clock, the prisoner came for some mackarel, and asked the price, I told her thirty-two shillings per hundred; she said, can I have fifteen for three shillings, which I acceded to; it is customary in the market, to receive the money, prior to telling the mackarel up, she immediately put me down two good shillings, and two bad sixpences; immediately upon receipt of which, I observed to her, here is a very bad sixpence; before she had an opportunity to give me another sixpence in lieu of that, I discovered that the other sixpence was a bad one, I gave it her back, and she gave me a bad shilling for them; I turned round, caught her by the arm, and told her, from the state of the money that she had in her hand, she certainly had a quantity about her; she said, \"sure, how could she be getting that money, she could not tell;\" there was a great crowd about, she ran away, and left her cloak behind her, she was called to come back, but did not, she was then pursued and taken.
I am servant to Mr. Selby, in Billingsgate-market: On the 12th of June last, I saw the prisoner run away from Billingsgate, I followed her, and in the way picked up six shiland sixpence that laid on the ground, and a bit of rag laying by it, between two empty casks; the constable has had it part of the time, I had it from him, (produces it) : there are two shillings, and the left in sixpences.
I am a constable; this is the money I gave back to Bailey; I searched her, and found some good silver upon her, but none bad.
Have you had this shilling ever since?
Yes.
I am a silversmith.
Look at that shilling, (the one she gave the prosecutor) , is it a good one or a counterfeit?
It is a counterfeit.
Look at that six shillings and sixpence?
They are all bad.
I took that shilling for a good one; I work very hard, I never dealt in such a thing in my life; what made me run away was, that he he told me, if I did not run away, he would throw me into the river.
