I am a huntsman ; I lived in Wiltshire, with Mr. Gore, he is dead, my mistress sent me to town to look for some hounds that were lost; on Sunday morning, between ten and eleven in the morning; I was going out of the park, through a passage into the palace; it was the passage that turns up to Pall Mall ; there were other people coming along at the time I was robbed; my thumb was in my left hand breeches pocket; it was on some part of my purse, and the prisoner pushed my hand out of my pocket, and then pulled my purse out, a yellow canvas purse; there were eighteen guineas and a half; I took him on the spot, with the property in his hand; I never lost sight of him, nor did he get away from me; when I had got hold of him he delivered the purse to another man; he desired me to let him loose, and not get a mob of people about him; he had got his shoe off, and he wanted to stoop; he pulled it off with his other foot; somebody followed and gave him his shoe; I took him to Tattarsal's tap room, at Hyde park corner, and sent for a constable; I lost the money; I never had it again; the prisoner is the man, I am sure; I had been in the park walking.
Did you ever say before the justice any thing of his having the purse in his hand and giving it to another?
I saw it in his hand.
Did you drink any thing with the prisoner?
No.
Did you ever tell this man if he would give you some of the money you would let him go?
No, Sir, never.
Did you never talk of the reward in the coach, going to gaol?
No, not that I remember.
Do not you know there is a reward of 40 l. if this man is convicted?
I have heard people talking of it, but I do not know any thing of it.
Upon your oath, did not you have some conversation with the constable relative to the reward?
Not to my recollection.
I am a constable; I was sent for on Sunday the 12th of August, to Tattarsall's; I went and found the prisoner in the custody of Bush; the charge was that he had robbed him of eighteen guineas and a half; he said he picked his pocket in the passage of the palace, by the chapel; he said that he was hustled and that his thumb was on his purse in his pocket; that the man who picked his pocket threw it away, and another man took it; the prosecutor and another man went with me in the coach to bridewell.
Had you any conversation with the prosecutor, at any time, respecting the reward?
Not at all to my recollection.
I am totally innocent.
We wish to recommend him to mercy
