I am seventeen; I live at Hounslow, I am a baker . I was robbed the 5th of November, between Eston and Lampton, about half after nine, at night. I was coming from Eston to Hounslow ; as I was coming down the lane, this Brown overtook me, and walked a dozen yards with me, and then this Goodiff came up and began wrestling with Brown, and he left Brown, and came and knocked the lighted torch that I had in my hand out,(I had a basket with me) and threw it over into a farmer's orchard, and he took two or three pies out of my basket, and eat them, and then he searched my pockets; and out of my left hand pocket, he took between six and seven shillings worth of halfpence; on my attempting to cry out, he threatened to knock me down; as soon as he got the money from me, he took some more pans out of the basket, and ran off towards Eston; and this Brown came up to me as soon as Goodiff had left me, and I told him, that he had took the money from me, and ran away; he tole me to go to the Black Horse at Lampton, and he would run after him; accordingly I went to the Black Horse, and stopped three quarters of an hour, he did not come, and I went home.
Did you know either of them before?
One of them I did, Brown, he lived in Hounslow. He worked for Mr. Filby, brick-maker; the other was quite a stranger; the prisoner is the man, I never saw him before that.
When did you see him again?
I saw him the day he was taken, the sixth of November, the next day he was taken at Great Sutton at work.
Did you know him again?
Yes.
Did you swear to him?
Yes.
Where had you been that day?
I had been to Eston, I went out about half past five o'clock at night with some mutton pies and apple tarts, to sell for a penny a-piece; when I went out, I had seven or eight shillings worth.
Had you sold any?
Yes, at Eston.
Were all the halfpence you had in your pocket, the produce of the mutton pies?
Yes.
Now this man's life is at stake, you consider what you do; are you quite sure, that he is the man that robbed you of your money and your pies?
Yes.
I live at Eston, I live by myself. I am a labouring man. I know nothing of the prisoner, only he came to work for the same matter that I came to, for four days, and he asked me to go along with him to rob this little boy of his pies and money; and so I went along with him, and he began wrestling with me, and pushing of me about, and throwed me down; so then he went and took this little boy's pies, and picked his pocket.
Did you see him do this?
Yes, then he ran away; I did not see him any more, before the next morning. He came to work along with me the next morning.
How much did you get out of it?
None at all, I did not have any of the pies, or any of the money. Then when he robbed this little boy both of his pies and money too, the boy knowed him again the next morning.
Where did the boy find him?
At the place where we were at work. We were taken up the next morning.
Who took you up?
The constable.
How came the constable to know?
I was along with this Goodiff the time that it happened.
Did you tell of it?
Yes.
On the 6th of November the boy's master came to me about nine in the morning, and he told me his boy had been robbed; I asked him what he had been robbed of? he told me he had been robbed of some pies and some money. I asked him, did he know by whom? he said one Brown was along with him that robbed him; I said, Brown! I think I saw him yesterday as I was setting down the militia Mark Simmons ; came to me soon after, and I told him of the robbery, and he told me that that Brown was at work at Sutton, according we all went to Sutton, and we found him there at work in a shed, I says to Brown, what was you about last night?
In consequence of what Brown told you you took up this man?
No, I took this man on suspicion, on information, supposing him to be the same man, and brought him to this master's house, and the boy said he knew him, I asked him, and he said he did. I found the money under an elm tree, under the bank side where Goodiff gave the justice an account of, between the elm root and tree.
My boy was robbed on the 5th of November; he came home about half after ten and told me that he had been robbed.
Was you present when the prisoner was apprehended?
Yes, I was with the constable, I was before the justice, the money was found in the bank, the prisoner told where it was.
I am a constable, I took up these people, and I had them in custody to the justice.
I have nothing to say.
What way of life have you been in?
My father is a great farmer in the lower parts of Surry, I had been at Sutton four weeks, I lived at Guildford last year.
What countryman are you?
Surry.
I am a carpenter by trade, I have known the prisoner from his infancy; he has borne a very good character, his father was a farmer.
I am his sister, he bears a very good character; I came from home now, from Askim in Surry, the lower parts of Surry, near Sussex.
Is your father living?
Yes, he is a farmer.
How long had he been out of your country before this happened?
A month.
