I am the wife of William Bradbury ; I lost a silk cloak the 8th of October at London-bridge , he took it from Sarah Parker , I had delivered it to her not above an hour before it was lost.
I know nothing at all about it.
At what time did you lend it to that woman?
Between one and two o'clock in the afternoon.
I had the cloak of Mrs. Bradbury; it was taken from me by the prisoner on London-bridge; he asked me if I had any silver in my pocket? I told him no, I had not; he wanted a shilling or two; this was about half after one to the best of my knowledge.
Was it on the 8th of October?
I do not rightly recollect, it was the same day the woman lent it me, I went from her house with it; he told me he was going to the ship that laid on the Keys, and if I would wait till he came back again he would bring me the cloak back again, and likewise give me a guinea; he asked me for it, and I pulled the cloak off my back and gave it him.
Did you know him before?
No, never saw him with my eyes before. I was hired as a servant by Mrs. Bradbury, and by her desire I went with the man, and I followed him along the street with her cloak on.
Had any thing been said about her cloak?
Yes, he was in the kitchen when Mrs. Bradbury gave it me, and put it on me.
Did you understand he was to raise money on this cloak?
No, he asked me if I had any silver in my pocket? I told him no.
Was he drunk or sober?
I really don't know, he seemed to be sober as far as I believe, he walked very steady; we did not hear of him for two or three days after, and then the cloak was advertized; I have seen it since in Mr. Hall's possession; I don't rightly call to mind what particular time, it was about a week ago or so, I cannot rightly tell.
Are you sure it was the same cloak that you gave to the prisoner?
Yes, The prisoner was taken soon after he left me, I did not see him that day; when he was taken he was taken before a magistrate, and I went, and he was committed; I did not see that he was any ways disguised in liquor at all.
About two o'clock on Friday the 8th of October last, the prisoner was brought into the Mansion House by another officer, on a charge of one Mr. Horne; at that time, I observed something stick out of his pocket, and I searched him, I was attending at the Mansion House, and this cloak was in his right hand coat pocket, I asked him whose it was? he said it was his wife's, she was coming out, and he was to meet her; by order of the Lord Mayor I advertized the cloak; about three days afterwards Mrs. Bradbury came and owned the cloak; I returned the cloak when I heard the man was going to Bedlam; the magistrate persuaded me; but I can swear to the cloak. Whilst he was in the Compter I went to see him, because they said it was not safe for any body to go near him, as he had bit some of the prisoners? (The cloak produced and deposed to.)
How long had you been acquainted with this man?
I never saw him before that day; we are bakers, and he came in, and said as we were young beginners it would be of service to us, and we should serve the ship that he belonged to with bread, and if I would send somebody with him he would make me a present that he brought over in the vessel, which he belonged to, and I sent this Sarah Parker with him to the ship; he did not say from whence the ship came.
