You was in the Excise service in 1788?
Yes.
Where was your situation in September, 1788?
At Vineall, within three miles of Battle, in Sussex.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar, Cain?
Yes.
Did you see him on the 24th of September?
Yes.
Now go coolly, and speak distinctly, and tell my lord and the jury what you saw, and what you did in consequence?
On the 24th of September, in the morning, I saw the prisoner, in company with one Hunt and another, pass through Vineall loaded with tubs; that was about seven; there were three horses that they rode and two others, which made five; seeing them go through I went to Battle, and told Mr. Pudsey; he joined our company, and we went across the country, to the place where we thought they might pass, called Burdwash Weald, a publick-house, the sign of the Wheel; we ran up to the house, and we called for a pot of beer, and Pudsey, I believe, asked the landlord if he saw any smugglers go past? and he said, he had not; and we saw two men standing by the turnpike-house; we had some little suspicion they were of the prisoner's profession.
Did you in fact see the prisoner and Hunt again?
Yes: we immediately drank our beer, and rode towards Burdwash, to this publick-house, and saw the prisoner, and Hunt, and another sitting on their horses, on the turnpike road, standing still; better than a mile and a half from Burdwash town; on seeing us they immediately rode away towards Burdwash town; and they left the two horses, with the five tubs each, in the road, and let down, or threw down, by some means, four more, from the horses that they rode; Mr. Pudsey and another Hop officer, whose name was John Doody, went from Battle with us; we took possession of those horses they had left; I staid by the horses in the road; Pudsey went after them, and returned in five minutes, with one more horse and one cask; then we took the horses and the cask to a publick-house; there were fifteen casks in the whole, and three horses; we took them to the publick-house, in order to reload them, for better carriage to Battle; while we were there a few minutes the prisoner and Hunt came back on horseback: Hunt swore prodigiously at our taking them away; I cannot say that the prisoner was so violent at that time.
Did the prisoner say any thing?
I believe the prisoner had a whip with a long head, as they call it there, tied to the small end of it; a thong tied to the small end of it like a coach whip; they sat at such a distance I could not hear what they said; I heard him ask Pudsey to give him something to drink; and he told him, if he came back and behaved quietly and civilly, he would; and the came back; and he called for a pot of beer for them, and half a pint of gin; and the prisoner drank, but Hunt refused; the prisoner drank some of the beer and some of the spirits; he behaved very civil indeed at that time; and Hunt said, we should not take them away; the prisoner did not behave so riotous at that time.
What did you do with the casks?
They were then in a stable, both horses and casks, in order to take them to Battle; then the officer and me went in order to prove the liquor that we had taken; and the prisoner asked the officer leave to let him suck out of one of the casks, which he did; after he had so done the prisoner and Hunt went out, and got upon their horses, and began to be very riotous with large clubs.
Were there any tubs on those horses?
No; they were the horses that they rode on; and they both of them agreed not to suffer us to take the things away; I heard them agree to stand true to each other, and not to suffer us to take the horses out.
Did they agree out loud, so that you heard them?
Yes.
Did they say it to you, or to each other loudly?
To each other loudly.
How long did they continue in this sort of conference with themselves, talking loudly, before they came to this agreement?
Not long; then they both rode up to the door, and swore we should not have the goods, nor take them nor the horses away; but that they would take them themselves: we were then in the stable and Pudsey also; they rode up to the front door of the stable, which was open at the time they came up: they sat and swore I suppose for nearly an hour, and struck several times with their clubs against the door; and then Mr. Pudsey, the officer, produced his pistol, and told them, if they did not desist he must fire: there were a number of people round the stable door: when Pudsey produced the pistol the prisoner at the bar then dared him to fire, and opened his breast; and they both told him, he might fire and be d - nd.
Whereabouts was Pudsey standing at this time?
Just within the stable door.
And they were sitting on the outside?
Yes; they were sitting on their horses, with their horses heads close to the stable door.
Did the prisoner at the bar offer any thing to the people that were about?
I heard him offer five guineas to any man that would assist him in rescuing the things; and upon that offer Mr. Pudsey and I concluded it would be best to get some more assistance, for there were a great many people round the door; but I did not see them do any thing, nor hear them say any thing; I went out of the back door of the stable, and went to get another officer, but could find none; I had not been in town a quarter of an hour; but the landlord of Burdwash Weald came with a peace officer, and I went back to Mr. Pudsey again; then Hunt, the other, was shot through the wrist, and they were very quiet.
Where was Cain when you returned to Pudsey at the stable?
He was sitting before the publick-house door on his horse; they neither of them behaved riotously then.
You knew Cain by person at this time?
I had often seen him before.
What time in the morning was it that Cain and Hunt returned to the publick-house door after you had received the spirits?
It might be between nine and ten.
Not much later?
No.
How long was it before all the business was over?
I cannot tell exactly; nearly two hours.
You say they were very quiet, and asked first of all, that you would give them something to drink?
The prisoner was not so bad as the other.
I am repeating your own words; he asked the officer to give him something to drink?
Yes.
The other would not take any thing to drink from the officer?
No.
How much beer had you at the publick-house?
Only one pot of beer and half a pint of gin between us; I drank some of it myself, and several others.
How he sucked the good creature when he came to the cask you cannot tell, I suppose?
I do not know.
He did not leave that very easily?
I do not suppose he drank half a quartern; he did not lay at it as long as he pleased.
Had he it at his own command?
No; he had not; when the officer thought he had enough he told him to leave off.
However it was not till after he was indulged in his request to drink, that he was disposed to be riotous?
No.
The people you say were there in large numbers?
Yes.
Do you know what was in these casks?
I did not drink out of but one; I believe there was some brandy and geneva.
What was that you drank out of?
I think it was geneva.
That cask you think was gin?
I think it was; I only tasted one.
Do you know what was in the cask the prisoner tasted?
Why, it was the same cask I drank out of.
You are not sure of that?
I cannot remember particularly.
I am an officer of Excise.
Where was you stationed on the 24th of September, in the year 1788?
At Battle, in Sussex.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar, James Cain ?
Yes.
You saw him on that day?
Yes.
What time?
I cannot say exactly; I think about nine, or between nine and ten.
Whereabouts?
I saw him on the road, a little way, near Burdwash Weald; there was another person and a lad with him.
Who were you in company with at the time?
With two hop officers, James Venus , and one Doody, another hop officer.
When you first saw the prisoner who was he in company with?
There was one Hunt with the prisoner, and a young lad that I do not know; they had five horses loaded with prohibited goods, and standing a little way from the Weald; and on seeing us going to meet them, they stopped their horses; and on our watching, the prisoner and the man and the boy rode away along the road; and with our pursuing, we came up with two led horses, which I imagine they could not get on; and we left Venus in care of those two, and went in pursuit of the other; the led horses had five tubs each; and we pursued, and came up with another horse with one tub upon it; a young lad jumped off the horse; I saw him jump off; we took the things to Burwash Weald public house; and seeing some tubs thrown off the horses, which we took to the public house, and put the horses and the tubs into the stables.
When they were there, did you try what the casks contained?
I did tap one cask, and it contained geneva; the whole were tubs of Geneva and brandy.
Did you tap more than one?
The tubs were tasted afterwards, and they were all brandy and geneva; I saw the prisoner about ten minutes after.
Relate what passed when you saw him again?
Him and his accomplice, Hunt, returned back again on horseback, without any goods; they stood a little distance from the house; not far; the horses were in the stable; and I was standing a little from the stable; when I came up, I think I recollect the prisoner asked me for something to drink, or something to that effect; I think I said, if you behave civil, and go about your business, I will; we had a pint of beer, or something of that sort; I cannot say whether he drank or not; he did not drink much; we then went into the stable to take the horses and goods out, and go to Battle with them; then the prisoner said he would have a suck, or give me a suck, or something to that effect; he came in and had a suck, which was very small; the gimblet was very small with which the hole was made; we had got one horse out of the stable; and I stood a little from the public house, and was not apprehensive of any rescue or danger; and the officer, Doody, who is not here, said Pudsey, take care, upon which I turned round, and the prisoner had a large whip in his hand, which had a club more like a walking-stick than a whip; it had the head wrapped round his hand, in order to have a blow, in appearance, at my head; by turning round, I escaped it; they then said we should not go off with the goods; that was the prisoner and Hunt.
Did you hear the prisoner say any thing?
I did.
What did he say?
He said we should not go off with them; and his accomplice said, swearing at the prisoner, if he had half the heart he had, they never should have rode away at first; the club appeared to be levelled at me; they appeared desperate.
Was this the first conversation that passed between the prisoner and Hunt?
They seemed to be displeased at losing them, as all smugglers are.
Had they any conversation before this time respecting these goods?
I cannot possibly say what conversation they had.
Before you gave them any thing to drink, had there been any conversation between the prisoner and Hunt about seizing the goods?
I cannot recollect whether there was.
Did you see the prisoner attempt to strike you?
I saw his club levelled; it appeared levelled at me, as if he was going to strike a blow; but he did not strike; the horse with the goods stood before the door; and they seemed to be so desperate; I heard them say to each other; one swore to the other, of standing true to each other; and they shook hands, and swore they would stand true to each other in taking these goods from us.
Did you hear any of these declarations made by the prisoner?
I heard them both by the prisoner and Hunt; and they shook hands to stand true to each other; then they went into the stables again; Venus went into the stable with us; they rode up both on horseback, the prisoner and the other; and I stood there with one pistol in my hand, desiring them to keep off, but to no effect; they had large clubs which they struck against the top of the door; whether it was meant to me, I cannot say; they did not strike me: there were more people, I believe, before the house; the longer we staid, the more people appeared there; I then shut to the stable door, thinking they would separate and go away; but they kept repeatedly at the door; they would have one grey horse turned out; they insisted on one grey horse being turned out, both the prisoner and his accomplice.
Was that grey horse one of the horses you had seized?
It was one we had seized, and had had him in the stable; I refused, and told them I would not, nor could not; I begged them to go about their business; they did not go; on shutting the door, we locked the door, and set something against it, it was usual, to keep it fast, when they put in clubs which they had, in order to force it open; their sticks being in the top of the door, trying to open it, I threatened them, and said I did not wish to fire; I was very loth to fire; but I was determined, as I had made the seizure, I would not have it taken from me; the prisoner opened his breast, and bid me fire into his mouth several times; and Hunt opened his mouth, and bid me fire into his mouth several times, which I did not: we pulled their sticks through the door; upon that the prisoner went to a faggot stack, some little distance off, and rapped again with bludgeons, seemingly, larger than the others, and put it at the top of the door, to wrench it open; I then finding myself in a very disagreeable situation, and not willing to use any sort of violence, desired Mr. Venus to go to Burdwash to get more assistance, thinking by that means that they might be dispersed without doing any damage; Mr. Venus went to Burdwash; he went out at the back door of the stable; I sent for a constable, and kept at the door; a person came into the stable, whom I believe to be a smuggler; his name is Skinner; I know him; and when I threatened to fire, as I did repeatedly, he said to me once or twice, do not fire! do not fire! and he said he would go and talk with them; I said to him, you I imagine are a smuggler; you know the consequence of these things; it is a desperate case; you may prevail with them, perhaps; accordingly he went out, came in again, and told me he had talked to them, and to no purpose; some time after, Hunt says there is a back door, and he swore he would be in at that door; I heard them words said; Hunt came round to the other door; I went to the door to meet him, and desired him to keep off, and begged him to keep off; he still persisted to come nearer and nearer, and would not by any persuasion that I could give him, keep off; I told him I was necessitated to fire; the prisoner was at the other door at the time; I kept drawing back and back as he approached forward, till by some means or other; I cannot say voluntarily; it is a thing that I do not like; but by some means my pistol went off; there was one stick, if not more, in at the door at the time; the prisoner was standing at the other door all the time, as I believe; I heard the prisoner, I think, by the voice, say, woe the devil could have thought Pudsey could have fired.
You do not know it was the prisoner?
No, I do not; I then opened the door; the company was before the house; and the prisoner said, if he had a pistol, he would shoot me through the body, or words to that effect; the constable came soon after; I cannot say the words I heard say, any farther than swearing and being very desperate.
Did you hear any thing of any money?
I cannot say positively that I did hear him say so.
Was Doody with you all this time?
Yes.
Is he here?
No.
