I am a silk mercer .
Was this property taken from your shop?
It was taken from off the counter; my shop is No. 138, in the Minories .
How old are you?
Fifteen. I am a shop lad to Mr. Levick. On the 17th of January, Saturday night, between the hours of five and six, as I was putting up the bars of the shutters, two boys came and enquired the way to Houndsditch; I perceived the prisoner at the bar going into the shop; I immediately left off conversing with these two boys, and was going into the shop to see what the prisoner wanted, and as I was going into the shop the prisoner was coming out with a piece of callimanco in his hand, which I believe to have laid on the counter; as I was going to collar him he enquired of me whether it was paper; I immediately seized him, and the moment I seized him he threw the piece of callimanco down into the shop, and he tried to get away very much, he dragged me into the street.
Have you got the callimanco?
Yes, the constable kept it ever since.
Did he get away?
No, he did not get away, I had him committed.
Had the callimanco any marks on it?
Yes, my master marked it.
Is it his own hand writing?
Yes.
Do you know the mark as well as your master?
No.
When he first laid hold of me, he said his master was drinking wine up stairs.
I am a constable; I produce the property which was delivered to me with the prisoner.
What is it?
Camblet. I don't know whether it is callimanco or camblet.
Who delivered it to you?
Mr. Levick.
Have you kept it ever since?
I have.
I cannot swear to it; it was in the same state, and in that piece of paper.
Did you ever open that piece of paper?
No.
Was it ever opened in your presence?
No.
Was it a parcel of that colour?
I believe it to be.
Did you receive that of your shop-lad, Coe?
I did.
Was you at home at the time?
Yes, I was up stairs.
Was the prisoner in the shop at the time?
The prisoner was in the back parlour.
In your presence did your lad charge the prisoner with taking it from you?
Yes, he did.
Did you know where that property was laying before you went up stairs?
On the counter. I know it to be mine.
Did you deliver it to the constable?
I did.
Any doubt of its being your's?
None.
What is it?
Stripped callimanco, twenty-nine yards.
What may be the value of it?
One guinea.
