I am a broker , in Lombard-street: On Thursday the 31st of May, about a quarter past nine o'clock in the evening, going thro' Jewry-street, Aldgate ; I had come out of Mr. Kegg's house about three yards, when I saw the prisoner at the bar in the street before me, he immediately made a bow to me, and seeing that I was lame, he snatched the watch from my pocket.
Did you make any resistance?
No; he snatched at my watch, and went off directly with it.
Before that, did he stop you, or say any thing to you?
Not a word; it was a silver watch, with a gold chain, two gold watch-keys, and a gold seal, I valued it at 5l. he went towards Aldgate, and in about two or three minutes he was brought back again, when I recognized him immediately.
Have you any doubt about his person?
Not the smallest; I afterwards saw the watch in the hands of the constable.
Was it light?
Yes; there were no lamps lit.
What sort of hat had he on?
A round hat.
Was it his clothes or his person that you knew him by?
More by his person than his clothes.
This was just about the dusk of the evening?
Yes.
And you had never seen this man before?
No.
Had he a round hat on?
Yes.
And you are a head taller than he is, I think?
Not so much as that.
Do you mean to swear, that if you had seen that man at any future time, not being in custody, that you would have known him again?
Yes.
How long might this affair have taken up?
Not above three minutes.
And will you undertake positively to swear to a man's face under those circumstances?
Yes.
How many other people might there be about?
There happened to be nobody at all in the street; he was taken in the same street, but I did not see him taken.
How far is the place where you were robbed from the place where the prisoner was brought back to you?
About two hundred yards.
I am a deputy cornmeter: I was going up Jewry-street, about ten minutes after nine o'clock, I heard an uproar at the bottom of the street, and a man came running up Jewry-street crying stop thief, stop thief, and seeing nobody before him I naturally thought he was the thief; I then tripped up his heels, and he chucked away the watch with his left hand, we both sell together, I turned round and caught him by the collar; in the mean time a young man came by, and seeing the watch he picked it up, and said, here is the watch, his name is Phillips; when the prisoner fell, I saw him slide the watch along the pavement to a considerable distance, he did not chuck it away, I saw the watch-chain in his hand; I delivered him to Mr. Pinner, in Jewry-street.
What part of Jewry-street was it that you stopped the prisoner?
That end next Aldgate.
And because the prisoner called out stop thief, you were kind enough to suppose he was the thief?
I had every just reason; I looked straight forward and saw nobody before him.
Upon your oath, don't you know you will have a share of a forty pounds reward?
No, I do not.
Did you never hear of a reward of forty pounds?
Yes.
Do you know the Roe-buck public-house in Shoemaker-row - do you know Mr. Chapman?
No.
Did not you tell Mr. Chapman it might be a nice thing for you?
I told Mr. Chapman if I had any share of it I would put it to a good use, I would give it to some charity or other.
Do you or not know that there is such a reward?
I do not wish to have it; but if I was to have it, I would give it to some charity; I come here to speak the truth, I know nothing of either of the parties.
This was about the dusk of the evening?
It was between fifteen and twenty minutes after nine o'clock.
When was it that he threw away the watch, before you fell or after?
We both fell together, and as soon as we had fell, he scaled the watch away.
Upon your oath, did you even see the watch in the man's hand at all?
I saw the chain, and not only the chain, but I afterwards saw him chuck it away.
Have you ever seen the watch since?
I have.
Was the watch-glass broke?
There was nothing broke.
As I was coming out of the court where I live, I heard the cry of stop thief, there was a mob, and I enquired what was the matter, and they told me; I saw the watch living on the ground, and I picked it up, the constable came up and I gave it to him.
When you came out there was a mob collected?
Yes.
What time was it?
About a quarter after nine; I had just left work.
What are you?
A watch-maker.
I am an officer (produces the watch) On the 31st of May, between nine and ten at night, near my own house, I heard a cry of stop thief; I went out into Jewry-street, and found Mr. Smith, the corn-meter, had got hold of the prisoner; I took hold of the prisoner directly, and enquired who gave charge of him; somebody said, the prosecutor was in the highway, but had fell down; with that, I brought the prisoner to Mr. Smith, in the middle of Jewry-street; while I was going with the prisoner to Mr. Smith, Phillips holloaed out, here is the watch, I have found the watch; Phillips gave me the watch, and I have had it ever since. Mr. Smith immediately said, that is the man that robbed me just now; I asked him if he should know the watch; he said the maker's name was Grant, in Fleet-street. I searched him, but found nothing upon him except this whip, which he had in his hand. (Produces the watch).
This is my watch, I know the maker's name but not the number; and I know it by the seal, the keys, and the chain.
As I was coming along I heard the cry of stop thief; I never had the watch in my custody at all.
