I believe you are a merchant at Stamford?
Yes.
Had you in the month of July last, any occasion to transmit any bills to town?
I enclosed seventeen bills to Messrs. Foster, Lubbock and Co. to the\\ amountof seven hundred and forty-four pounds.
Some of those were country bank bills, others bills of exchange?
Yes.
Did you yourself take a memorandum of the numbers and descriptions of these bills?
I had them copied by my clerk.
In what manner was the copying done?
I ordered him to take down such numbers, and to copy them in the book from the face of the bills.
When this was compleated were they put in a cover?
I enclosed them myself in the letter, and directed it, and gave it him to put in the office.
Who was the person you gave the letter to, to put in the Post Office?
Hollis Gillchrist.
You live with Mr. Robinson?
Yes.
Do you remember any notes sent to London the 21st of July last?
Yes.
Did you copy the notes?
I did, in a book, I have got a leaf out of the book.
Is that the copy?
Yes.
Just tell my lord how many notes there were.
Seventeen.
How many notes were country bank notes, payable to bearer?
Eleven.
What were the other notes? what description of notes?
Bills of exchange.
Was there a bill of exchange, No. 3597, on Sir James Esdaile?
Yes.
Look at that bill of exchange, there is a private mark of your own at the bottom, is that there?
Yes.
Is that the enclosed bill of exchange by you principal Mr. Robinson, in the letter?
Do you say you put a mark yourself from the bill?
Yes.
Fielding to Robinson. Is that the letter that enclosed these notes? (A letter shewn him) - It is.
Do you know that note? (The note shewn him)
It has my indorsement.
Fielding to Gillchrist. When your master had put the notes in that letter, did you carry the letter to the Post office on the 21st?
I did.
Who is the person that keeps the Post at Stamford?
Mrs. Gardiner.
What day of the week was this?
Monday, between the hours of one and three.
Knowlys. Was that mark that you put on, after you saw it at the office in London, or before you put it into the letter box?
Before I put it into the letter box.
Garrow. What is the mark?
The number that stands in our bill book
I believe you are the post mistress a Stamford?
I am.
Were all the letters of the 21st of July from Stamford to London, regularly transmitted by the post?
They were.
You know that of your own knowledge?
I was present during the time they were packed up, I made them up myself, and my servant sealed the bag in my presence.
They would arrive in the regular course on Tuesday, the 22d?
It ought to arrive in London at that time.
Knowlys. All that you mean to say is, that so far as you know all the letters that were put in your box, were made up and sent regular?
I cannot identify any particular letter, it is not possible to remember.
Pray is your's a shop, or what?
No, it is a private house,
Who has the management of the business besides yourself?
I am assisted by a servant, I was present during the making up of the goods, and saw the bag sealed.
Your servant that had access to this place where the letters are put, he is not here?
He is not.
Garrow. Did you charge the letters that day yourself?
Most of them I did. (Shewn the letters.) That is my hand writing.
Then you are sure that that came?
It certainly came in due course from the Post office.
I believe you are clerk to the general Post office, London?
I am.
Did the mail from Stamford, on the 21st of July, arrive in due course on the morning of the 22d?
It did, I opened the Stamford bag.
At what time of the morning did it arrive?
Between the hours of six and nine, the usual time.
Did it appear regularly sealed as it came from Stamford?
It was as it usually comes
Be so good as to look at that letter, and see if it appears to have the post mark of the arrival on the 22d?
Just so.
Looking at that with that mark, which is a Post office mark of the 22d of July, have you any doubt that it was transmitted from Stamford by the post which set off from Stamford on the 21st?
I have no doubt.
Knapp. That is a mark on that letter of a stamper belonging to the Post office; Farmer, who was tried here last session, was a stamper in the Post office, was not he?
He was.
He was tried for a capital offence, and convicted last session?
I believe he was, I was not concerned in that.
All that you mean to say is, that it has the appearance of a letter that comes from Stamford, with that mark on it?
Certainly.
It must have come into the possession of a stamper to be stamped?
Certainly so.
Does the stamper receive it before or after the forter?
Before.
Garrow. By that stamp you have no doubt it was transmitted regularly to London?
I have not the least doubt.
Who stamps it I don't care any thing about.
I believe you are clerk in the house of Messrs. Foster and Co.
Yes, I am.
Be so good as to give us their names?
Edward Foster , John Lubbock , William Bosanquet , Samuel Bosanquet , and John Alden Clarke.
In the month of July last, was Mr. Robinson of Stamford a correspondent of your house?
He was.
Did that letter or any of its enclosures ever come to the hands of any persons of your house?
Not to my knowledge.
From your situation should you have known it if it had come?
Yes, I should.
What would have been your duty in respect to that letter on its arrival?
To write it in a particular book, where I make minutes of all I receive.
Be so good as to cast your eye on this bill of exchange, which is one of those supposed to be enclosed in it; did that ever come to your house?
Never.
If it had, must you not have known it?
Yes, I must have known it if it had come in a letter.
You are deputy inspector of the letter carriers in the Post office?
Yes.
On the 22d of July last was the prisoner employed there as a sorter of letters?
He was employed as a letter carrier and resorter of letters; he resorted them after they came to the letter carrier's office, in the division he was in.
When the mails are opened, what is the first thing done with the letters?
They are carried to be faced and then stamped.
The letters brought by the mails are stamped with the day of the month?
They are.
And then they are distributed into twelve divisions and sorted?
Yes, in the letter carriers office.
In which division did the prisoner at the bar act as a sorter on the 22d of July?
In the eighth.
He was likewise a letter carrier on that day?
He was.
Was Mansion House-street, within the district of which he was a carrier on that day?
No, it is not, nor in the division.
In the regular course and without the intervention of some mistake a letter to Mansion House-street would not have gone to the eighth division?
No, it would not.
There is a previous sorting before they come to the twelve different divisions?
There are, into the twelve divisions in the inland office.
If I understand you right, the division No. 1, is intended to take in a certain number of districts in this street and this street?
It does.
And No. 2, a certain number of other streets, and after that they are delivered to the letter carriers to sort for the conveniency of their delivery?
Yes, and therefore I call it resorting.
Does it sometimes happen that the first sorting in the inland office is not correct, so that a letter that belongs to division 12 finds it way to division 8, and so on?
It happens every day repeatedly so.
In that case is it the duty of the letter carrier who finds one that does not belong to him to throw it to the division to which it does belong?
It is.
Then after they have gone through the resorting, each of the letter carriers takes his letters of his own division to deliver them?
Yes.
Will you look at this letter? does this letter appear to be brought to London on the 22d of July?
It has the post mark of that day and should have been delivered that day, I have no doubt.
You have a new stamp for every day?
Yes.
So that a stamp that is used for a letter that comes to day cannot be used for a letter that comes to-morrow?
It cannot.
Knowlys. The prisoner at the bar was a person in the office known by the name of a letter carrier?
He was.
There is a description known by the title of sorters?
Sub-sorters we call them; they are employed in the inland office, for the letter carriers office.
Then there it is that all the letters are sorted as you call it?
Yes, and they are resorted again by the carriers in each division among themselves.
The prisoner is not at all employed in the inland office?
I rather apprehend the prisoner at the bar could not be employed in the inland office, because he was taking charge of his own division that day.
On that day, the 22d of July, was not the prisoner employed as a charger of letters?
He was employed as charge-taker in the division where he was.
What is the business of the charge-taker?
To take the\\ amountof the letters to each of his partners.
Then he was busy in resettling the different charges with his partners, and not in resorting letters?
If there was a letter that did not belong to him, either he or his partners should throw it over to where it did belong.
The charge-taker is so far occupied with taking the charges that he has no time to sort them at all?
If there are any missorted he has to give them round to where they do belong. It is very seldom they have time to resort themselves, only those that come wrong to throw round where they ought to be.
In general, the charge-taker is more occupied in settling the charge than to find time in sorting the letters themselves. How many charge-takers are there?
One in each division.
If the letters are sorted correctly it could not be in that division?
It could not.
Before they get to the sorting there is an operation which they call stamping?
There is.
Do you know a man of the name of Farmer?
Yes, I do.
He was tried here last session for secreting letters?
I understand so, I was not on his trial.
Was not he a person employed in stamping letters?
I cannot take on myself to say whether he was employed on that day.
He was a stamper of letters?
He was.
The letters first of all come to the hands of the stampers, and may, if they are dishonestly disposed, be conveyed away by them?
Certainly.
Garrow. The person who is employed as charge-taker is not likely to be much employed in sorting letters for the particular division, but if any letters are sent from the inland office into his division through mistake, it would come through his hands?
Most likely.
Suppose a sorter in the inland office had sent a letter into the eighth division, directed to Mansion house-street, would it have been likely to have fallen into his hands as charge-taker?
It would so.
That is a thing that happens every day you say?
It does.
If there is an enquiry about a letter that is not delivered, who is questioned about it?
We make a general enquiry. When a letter is missing we are in the habit to make a public enquiry among all the letter carriers when they are there.
Was the prisoner, in point of fact, a person employed in sorting letters and packets in the General Post office?
So far as this, if any were misplaced he had to throw them to the proper box where they ought to be.
On July the 22d, was the prisoner so employed as a sorter of letters?
In resorting those that were missorted to him.
If I understand you right, this man was employed in the eighth division?
He was.
What was his business in the eighth division?
As charging the letters, making up the charge with his partner in that division, and resorting any letters that were wrong in that division.
Garrow. Then supposing it to have happened in the course of that day that twenty letters were missorted to the eighth division, was it his duty to have sorted them right?
Yes, it was.
And in point of fact, hardly a day passes without such missorting?
Hardly a day passes without.
In the first place, there is the business of a sorter in the office?
Yes.
This man was not engaged on that day as a sorter of letters?
He was not employed that day in that, to that eighth division that man was what we call a charge-taker.
It is his business to sort the letters?
No, it is not, by reason he is occupied in making his charges.
Then you have other men that sort the letters while he is making up the charges?
Yes.
Are there any different description of people in your office, the letter carriers and sorters, or do the letter carriers sort?
They resort among themselves.
Then when they come to the resorter of letters, how many are appointed charge-takers?
One man in each division.
If I understand you right, the man that is charge-taker of that day, is employed in taking the charges, and other peo ple are employed in sorting the letters, but if it happens that in any other division any letter is missorted, does it come to his hands or to the sorters?
It comes to his hands by the sorters in the division to which it belongs.
Are you sure that a letter that belongs to another division, and comes to the right division, goes through the hands of the charge-taker?
It most likely comes to the sorters first. If the letter happens not to be in its place and missorted, and happens to be in the division where it ought not, that sorter would give it to the charge-taker to take it to its proper place.
What does the charge-taker do with them?
He has an alphabet of all the other divisions in the office, and he sends it down to the proper division.
But what does he do with it?
He carries it to the proper division.
You say there are alphabets, and the letters that are missorted are put under those alphabets; are those that are missorted applied to the general mass of letters, or separated and kept by themselves?
They are thrown into the proper boxes where they belong to.
Where are these letters carried by the charge-taker?
They are thrown into the boxes, and the people who are there take them to where they belong. There are boxes numbered with all the other eleven divisions, over the charge-taker's seat, where they throw the missorted letters, and the charge taker or some of his partners take them round.
You are inspector of the letter carriers?
Yes.
I would just ask you this; does it frequently happen that there are several letters missorted from the inland office into the letter carriers office?
Frequently.
Are these, as the last witness represented, put by the different letter carriers into the charge-taker's box?
They are taken to him to subsort for the different divisions.
Is the charge-taker employed in sorting letters for the different divisions?
Those that are missorted to his division.
Those may be more or sewer?
Certainly.
But every day some?
Mostly.
On the 29th of October last the prisoner was taken into custody?
He was.
Did you in consequence of that go to his dwelling house?
I did, to No. 5, Leonard-street, Holywell-street.
Was the prisoner there?
No.
Did you receive any key from the prisoner at the bar?
I did, the key of his desk, a bureau desk.
Was it locked when you went to his house?
It was.
Did you open it?
I did.
What did you find there?
quantity of letters.
How many in number?
I really do not recollect; fifty or sixty, or an hundred.
Were they addressed to the prisoner or different persons?
To different persons in London.
Did they appear to have passed through the General Post office?
They did.
Did any considerable number of them appear to have been double letters, or to have had enclosures?
They were.
Did any of them appear still to have the contents that was transmitted in them?
I did not open them.
Among others, will you cast your eye on this? did you see this? a letter directed to Messrs. Forster and Co.
I did.
You put a mark on it?
I did.
Mr. Knapp. You attended the last session, on the trial of Farmer?
I did not.
You know Farmer was convicted last session, was he not?
Yes.
He was a stamper in the Post office?
He was.
These letters are stamped before they go to the letter carriers?
They are.
How long had Farmer been in the office?
About five or six years.
How long had the prisoner?
About two years and a half.
Do you know that Farmer was frequently with the prisoner at the bar, used to go to his lodgings frequently?
I don't know that.
Was that letter opened at the prisoner's lodgings?
It was open as it is now.
Was there any thing in it?
Nothing.
Knapp. We understand from the last witness that the prisoner at the bar was a charge-taker?
Yes.
There is one letter carrier in each division who has that employment?
Yes.
You told us just now that he gave you the key of his bureau, did you then go with any peace officer to him?
I told him if he did not give the keys they would be broke open by a proper peace officer.
On the 29th of October I was fetched from the Bank by the comotroller of the Post office, to take Pepperdy in custody, and after we brought him before the comptroller, I thought it right to search Pepperdy and Farmer. Pepperdy gave up the keys to Ferguson and me; Ferguson and myself went to his lodgings, No. 5, Leonard-street, Holywell street, and we opened the bureau where there was a large quantity of letters together, with some bills of exchange, which I put my hand upon first, six, I believe, and brought them away. (The bill of exchange shewn him.) This is one, and there were many more letters, a great number indeed. I did not find any in letters, I put my hand on these six, and I said to Mr. Ferguson, here appears to be a good group. (Five others shewn him.)
Are these the other five?
Yes, they are all marked with the initials of my name, and the day of the month; I marked them at the office.
You did not mark them the moment you took them.
Garrow. Did you mark them before you parted with them?
As a matter of course.
Garrow to Robinson Be so good to look at the other five and see if they are part of the enclosure of the remittance you made to Messrs. Foster?
They are, they have all my endorsement.
I believe that is your signature to the bill in question?
It is.
On the 22d of July had it been paid?
I have received all the money of Mr. Robinson.
Had it been paid then?
No, it is thirty days after date.(The letter read by the clerk of the court.)
Directed to \"Messrs. Forster, Lubbock and Co. London. Gentlemen, enclosed is seventeen bills, seven hundred and forty four pounds thirteen shillings and sixpence; please to acknowledge the receipt to your obedient servant, J. Robinson, Stamford.\"(The bill read.)
Knowlys to Ferguson. I believe this person was recommended to the office by Lord Hitchinbroke to Lord Walsingham?
He was.
If he had not been a person of good character he would not have remained there?
Certainly not.
I can refer myself for my character to the gentlemen of the office who are here, Mr. Ferguson and Mr. Sparkes.
Knowlys to Mr. Sparkes. I believe you are in the Post office?
I am.
How long have you known this young man?
From the time of his being appointed.
What character did he bear?
very good character till this charge was made against him.
I believe you are the mother of the prisoner's wife?
Yes, I am.
I believe your daughter that married him is dead?
Yes, she has been dead these eleven months.
Do you know a person of the name of Farmer?
Yes, I do.
Do you mean the person that was tried for taking the letters from the Post office?
Yes.
Do you know whether he was intimate with the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Was he ever at the prisoner's house?
Yes, frequently.
Do you know whether he used to do any business at the prisoner's house?
I see him, but I cannot say that I took particular notice, they have been in the parlour together.
Is that the room where the bureau is kept?
Yes.
Do you know of your own knowledge whether he had access to the prisoner's bureau or no?
Yes, going to it as himself.
Had you observed that once or more than once?
More than once, I cannot say how many times.
Garrow. When did you see Mr. Farmer there last?
It is out of my power to say when I see him last.
About how long ago?
That I cannot say.
How many years or months?
Not years nor yet a great many months before this circumstance happened.
How many months?
I cannot say, a very short time.
Could not you help one to guess to a month or two?
It might be a month before it happened.
How many keys were there to the desk part of the bureau?
I never examined them.
Upon your oath, did you ever hear of their being more than one in your life time?
I cannot say how many keys there were, nor did I take particular notice.
How often, upon your oath, did you ever see Farmer in that room alone?
I cannot say.
Will you swear that you ever did?
Yes.
Have a care; will you swear that you ever see him twice there alone, your son-in-law not being present?
I cannot say, I did not take any particular notice.
Will you swear that you ever see him even once in this room alone?
Yes.
On what occasion?
I cannot say.
Did you stay in the room at the time?
No.
Was it before your daughter died?
Before my daughter died I can say nothing to.
Was it before or after?
After.
How long might be be there?
Not many minutes.
Did you see him do any thing at the bureau?
I was doing my own business.
I take it for granted, that as you was a near relation you went so that bureau yourself often?
No, I had not demands upon it.
Did you often see it open?
I cannot say that I often see it open.
Did you ever see it open?
Yes.
What used it to contain, the desk part?
I know no more than they that were not there.
You know letters when you see them?
No, I am no scholar.
You know lettets that came by the post?
Yes.
Did you see a good many of them when you see it opened?
I never took particular notice to look at the bureau.
Where there any letters in it when you see it opened?
I cannot say.
Any bills of exchange?
I cannot say.
Did he carry on any trade or exarcise any business, besides that of a letter carrier?
He might for what I know, he had no business to acquaint me.
Then you don't know whether he carried on any business at all?
Not to my knowledge.
Was you frequently at the house?
Yes, after the death of my daughter.
Did you keep the house for him?
I did.
Did he write many letters?
Not to my knowledge.
Did he receive many letters while you kept house for him?
NOt to my knowledge.
Upon your oath, did you ever know him receive any by the post, during all the time you lived with him?
I see him receive the value of one or two or so.
In how many months?
I cannot say.
Not a hundred and fifty in the course of that time?
Certainly not.
Knowlys. Did Farmer use this desk as his own?
He did.
