What business are you?
I keep a Manchester warehouse .
How many partners have you?
Two, Edward and James.
Did you lose four pieces of cloth at any time?
Yes, last Friday night, my porter was carrying them out, going toward Bond-street.
Did you send them out?
I did.
I am porter to Messrs. Kenworthys.
On Friday last had you any order to carry out any linen?
Yes.
What time did you go out?
Between four and five.
How many pieces?
Four.
You don't know what they contain?
I don't know the length.
Did they contain two hundred yards?
I cannot say. I carried them to the sign of the Magpie, in Butcher-row, behind Temple-bar , I put them on the porters' block that is up against the windows, and I had a cord to it, and I put it under the fash into the inside, to be sure of my goods.
Did you leave the things there?
Yes.
What happened then?
It staid there a while, I sat a while in the window, I don't know how long. While I was drinking my beer I thought I could perceive it was moved about two or three inches nearer the other end of the block, which made me to take more particular notice of it; I think in about five minutes after I see it going off, I ran out and found it on the prisoner's back.
Quite taken from the window?
Yes.
In what street was the prisoner?
It is Butcher-row, Wych-street is the name of the street I believe.
How far was it from the house when you found it on his back?
To the best of my knowledge, about thirty yards. I seized him and asked him what he was doing with my goods? I cannot justly say what he said then, but he said soon after that a man gave him sixpence to carry it.
Did you stop him?
Yes, and brought him back to the public house.
What did you do with the goods, or what did he do with the goods?
To the best of my knowledge he carried them back, but I cannot really say whether he did or not, but I think he did.
Did you send for a constable, or what did you do?
I believe somebody went for a constable, I did not go myself. I went with him to Bow-street, and took the goods to Bow-street; I did not go to my master at all.
Have you had the goods ever since?
Yes.
Have you brought them here?
Yes.
You have kept them separate from other goods?
Yes. (Produced.)
I know them by the number and mark.
I have got a wife and three children, and work hard for them every day, and go out every morning to get a shilling if I can; I went out that day to the Bank-side and earned a shilling, and out of the shilling I spent sixpence, and I went home and gave my wife the sixpence; I asked her if she had got any thing for supper, she said she had not, I said I would go out and get her something; going down to Butcher-row, I stood to make water just at the Magpie stand, and I see a man who said, coalheaver, if you will carry this load for me I will give you sixpence; says I, I will. Says he, take and carry it up for me to Boswell-court, and I took it on my back, and he went on and I followed him up Newcastle-court, when I got about two yards up the court from the stone steps this man followed me and said, what have you got here? I said, what is that to you? he said, why it is my property; says I, then God bless my heart, I will carry it back again, and I did carry it back to the Magpie. I have been in prison ever since, and what my family have done for victuals and drink I don't know; I am a man well known.
Court to Marland, Did you see any body in his company?
No, I did not.
