Last Sunday evening (I draw beer at the Royal Oak, Newport-Market ) I went out to Hungerford-market, and I spent the evening there; I stopped there and had some supper, and staid till it was pretty late, and I made it my way through Drury-lane; I was sober; I went into some public-house and called for a pint of beer; this man followed me in; he was quite a stranger to me; I drank part of the pint of beer, as much as I liked, and offered the prisoner the remainder; and then two other fellows came in, and sat in the same box, and called for a pot of beer; I put my hand into my pocket and pulled out five or six shillings and some halfpence, and gave the landlord a shilling; he took for their pot and my pint, and gave me sixpence three-farthings; I was not satisfied; they said I should do it, and they would strike me if I did not; I had never seen the people before; rather than be struck, I paid; they did not strike me in the house; I was threatened, I cannot say by whom; with that, I went out, it was now after twelve, and walked up to the top of Drury-lane, through Broad St. Giles's, into the coach-yard; the Hampshire-hog yard is the common name; then the three gathered about me, and knocked me down; the same men as were in the public-house; the prisoner struck me first in the face with his fist, and took my hat; there are lamps in that yard; I fell to the ground, and I put my hand into my pocket; the others struck me at the same time, they struck me on my head; I was quite knocked down to the ground; this man forced his hand into my pocket when I was on the ground; I halloo'd out murder! as loud as I could; he then took his hand out of my pocket, and I got up; and he said I had got more; I then run through the yard as fast as I could into Church-street, where I lodged; the three ran after me the second time, and I halloo'd murder! all along the street; they came up, and knocked me down again; the prisoner forced his hand a second time into my pocket; with that, the watchman coming up, he turned off, as if nothing was the matter, and the watchman brought him to me; my eyes were never off from him; the watchman's name is Conway; I missed four shillings and some halfpence, in all, and my hat; I missed my hat the first time I was robbed; the prisoner at the bar took my hat off, as if he was throwing it to others, before he struck me; I never recovered my money; I am very sure that he is the very same man; I am an Irishman; I have lived five months in the public-house in Newport-market, but I am now out of place, and have been a fortnight last Tuesday; his name was John Webley that I lived with; I slept in that house while I lived there.
I am a watchman: I was sitting in my box, after twelve o'clock last Sunday night, the far end of Berkeley-street, St. Giles's; I heard people running towards the box; I looked out, and thought there were but two; I got up, and took my lanthorn; I heard murder called out, and I heard a man tumble down; I then went out, and asked the prisoner at the bar what was the matter (I did not see the man down); he said, I don't know, I heard nothing; he carried me along to the man; says he, that is the man that robbed me of my hat, and a shilling I just now had in my pocket; and he went to strike him: says I, you must not strike him; he is now my prisoner: the prosecutor appeared to be sober, but frighted, by the people pursuing him: it was a dry night; his clothes did not appear dirty; but I saw next day that his eye was black at the office: says I, you must go with me to the watch-house; and going along, the prosecutor put his hand into his pocket, and says he, he robbed me of 5 s. I carried him to the watch-house, and he gave charge; and the prosecutor began to cry like a child, because of losing his money and hat; the prisoner said to the prosecutor, when he came up to him, Is that your hat? No, says he, for you threw it to the other fellows: he said at the watch-house he could not tell whether it was four or five shillings exactly; the prisoner said he had no money about him; I did not search him, nor see him searched.
I am a labouring man: I was standing at my own door, Church-street, St. Giles's, between twelve and one, Sunday night last; I saw three men about the prosecutor; I did not see him on the ground; I heard him crying murder, and the watchman ran out of his box, and two made off, and the prisoner made up towards me, as I ran across the street; he seeing me, made back, and fell into the hands of the watchman; I don't know what became of the others; I came up to the watchman, and told him he was one of the men; I saw him making off, after murder was cried, but I did not see him about the man.
I am watch-house-keeper of St. Giles's; I was at the watch-house; the prisoner was brought before one o'clock; the prosecutor came with him, and said he had robbed him of his hat and four shillings; that he had been knocked down, and beat a good deal, by three men; he appeared a good deal beat; I examined the prisoner, and to the best of my knowledge he had a shilling and some halfpence; the prosecutor did not own the shilling, he did not see it; I gave it to him again.
I was not searched in the watch-house; I had only three-pennyworth.
He was searched, upon my oath.
That is as false as can be sworn.
Do you know what the reward is in this case?
They told me I should be fined 40 l. if I did not attend, and be put in gaol; and that I should be paid back my expences, if I did attend; that is the whole.
Did you never hear of 40 l. reward from the officers?
No, never.
I met this man in the street, and he spoke to me first, and he asked me then if I would go and take a share of a pint of beer with him; I told him I did not know him; he said he knew my face very well, but he could not recollect where; then I told him I would go with him, and he brought me into a house in the Coal-yard, Drury-lane, and he called for a pot of beer; in the course of the time, these two young men came in, that he has spoke of, and they sat down in another seat, almost opposite where we sat, and this young man asked them if they would not join us company; they said they had no objection; we all sat down in one seat together, and we had two pots more of beer, besides the first pot; and after that we all went out of the house together; these young men I bid good night, and went away from them; just as I parted from them, they called me back again, and asked me if I would come further with them, and drink more; I told them I would not, I wanted to go home; they said I should go; I said I would not; so one of the young men took my hat off, and went away towards this man; and I followed them, to get my hat; and when I came up to this man, they put my hat on my head again; I turned about to go from them the second time, and as soon as I turned about they knocked that man down.
Where was this?
In the coach-yard: he cried out; they ran away from him, and I went up towards him: when I came up towards him, he said, you was one of the men that were with them that knocked me down; says he, I will call the watchman; so he called the watchman; and that gentleman there was standing at his own door, and he came over; this was in the coach-yard; then the watchman came up, and this gentleman came over from his own door; and the watchman came up and had me; and when he came up to the man, he asked him whether I was one of the men; he said I was; and he stretched his hand across the watchman's arm, and struck me; the watchman asked him how much he had lost; he said one shilling; and when he came to the watch-house he said he had lost five shillings.
You took him in Church-street?
I did: this coach-yard is a thoroughfare from Broad St. Giles's to Church-street, and some other places; there is a dark passage going through.
