I was robbed the 1st of August, between ten and eleven at night, the bottom of Highgate-hill , in the parish of Hornsey; I had come in a chaise from Barnet, and had then just got out of it, at the end of Finchley Common, by the Bald Faced Stag; I observed two men riding very fast, they rode past me; I suspected them at first; but at the bottom of Highgate-hill two men came from the side of a hedge, close by a hay-stack; the same two men, after I had passed by where they stood in the ditch, about thirty yards; they came galloping out of the ditch, and called stop; one of them said, d - n your eyes, give me your money; he then pulled out a pistol, and held it to me; I objected to giving him my money, and endeavoured to take him by the collar, to pull him off his horse; he then said, b - st your eyes, I will blow your brains out; my wife then said, give the gentlemen your money; accordingly I gave him 14 s. (half a guinea and 3 s. 6 d.) the other took the money from rather behind the chaise; the prisoner then said, d - n my eyes this is nothing; he then went to Mrs. Williams, and presented the pistol to her, and demanded her money; and searched the chaise; the men rode off back again, towards Finchley; they were with us about five minutes; the moon shone very bright; I took particular notice of the prisoner, and I am sure of him; the next evening I was informed of the inn where the two men hired their horses; I waited for him, and soon after he went by; I collared him; he had nothing over his face; I said, you are the man that robbed me last night; he said, you are mistaken; I said, I know you better now by your voice, as well as your face; I searched him, and found a brace of pistols, loaded (one with two balls) and a black crape pinned in his lining; I likewise saw the horse he was on in the stable, and knew him again.
I was at the corner of Charles-street, Oxford-road; and about half after one this prisoner put me on a grey horse, and I took it to Mr. Calvert's livery stables, the New Inn, Tottenham-court-road for him; I cannot fix any time when it was.
I apprehended the prisoner; they said they had searched him, and found eight shillings; I found a brace of pistols on him.
I live with Mr. James Miller ; I am the hostler; about twelve at night, the prisoner came in on an iron-grey horse; I never saw him before; I cannot tell the evening, but it was the same evening as this robbery.
About half past twelve o'clock, on the second of August, I heard a ringing at my master's gate bell, in Hanover-street; I let in two men, one of which was the prisoner; they came in about half after twelve and went away a little past one.
My lord judge; I have this to say, I am innocent of the thing; I have witnesses.
