I am clerk to Mr. Hodgson, attorney for the defendant in that action.
Was the postea entered up?
Yes; (it is read) ; at the Guildhall of the City of London; verdict for the defendant; tried the 9th of June.
Were you present at the trial of that action?
I was; the present defendant was examined as a witness on the part of the plaintiff.
Were you desired to take down the question put to him, and his answer?
I was, by the Counsel; (reads.) Question put by Mr. Garrow . - \"On the 12th of October, was the barge, that was under your care, made fast to the ring at Bell-wharf?
A. She was, at first, when I came there, and when Mr. Young's people came there.\" The next question -
\"Was it made fast to that ring at the time when Mr. Young cut the rope at the end of his barge?
She was not made fast there then.\"	"a
\"Was she at the time when he cut it?
No.
\"Was there at that time any rope made fast to the ring?
No.\"	"a
\"What was the barge made fast to at the time Mr. Young cut the rope?
A loose stick;
a stick that had not got a fastening put on its end. Mr. Wardell's premises were wrote right over it when it was put down; Mr. Wardell's is the adjoining wharf.\"	"a
\"How long before Mr. Young cut the rope had you loosened it from the ring of Mr. Young's wharf, and made it fast to the stick at Mr. Wardell's?
I won't speak to swear it; it might be half an hour, or more.\"	"a
\"Do you believe it was as much as half an hour?
I wont say.\"	"a
\"Was the rope that Mr. Young cut, fast to the ring?
Not when Mr. Young cut it.\"	"a
That you took down by the desire of the Counsel?
Yes.
Before Harris swore that, was he counselled by any body?
He was, frequently, by Mr. Garrow; there were other persons who saw the transaction; he was counselled three or four times.
Do I understand you right, that these are the notes you took at the time?
No; but these are.
How long was this man under examination?
Halt an hour, for any thing I know.
Perhaps an hour?
Not so much as that.
At that examination, this single page and a quarter is all that you took down?
Yes.
You took it down in long hand?
Yes.
I attended the action between Mr. Lyon and Mr. Young, at Guildhall, before Lord Kenyon; I saw the prisoner sworn as a witness. I am clerk to Mr. Young, the proprietor of Bell wharf.
Were you present the evening that this matter happened?
Yes; Mr. Young had a lighter coming up that was loaded with goods from a Scotch vessel to a large amount, and when they came up to the wharf, we could not get the lighter along side of the wharf, in order to be landed, on account of the prisoner having his barge made fast to Mr. Young's premises.
What time was this?
About ten o'clock at night, or a little after, on the 12th of October last; he was in Mr. Lyon's barge, he is servant to Mr. Lyon, who brought the action against Mr. Young; five or six of us were standing by to unload the lighter, and we solicited him to flack out his headfast, in order to get our lighter along side; we made several attempts to prevail upon him, but he would not; he told us that he would not flack her, and if any of us entered the barge, in order to flack her, he would shoot us, and he loaded his blunderbuss before us so to do; we stood with him in that situation for about ten or fifteen minutes.
To what was this barge fastened?
It was made fast to the ring on Mr. Young's premises; then Mr. Young came upon the wharf, and he asked the prisoner to flack out, in order to get Mr. Young's lighter along side the wharf, for if he did not, he must be under the necessity of cutting his headfast; he positively refused, in the same manner that he had done before; Mr. Young called for an adze, and went into his barge, and cut the rope from the ring.
Could not he have done it upon the wharf?
No; it might be about a yard from the wharf down to the barge.
At the very time that Mr. Young cut the headfast, where was it fastened to?
To the ring on Mr. Young's premises; after that we shoved his barge about twenty or thirty yards out, and got our lighter in, and made his fast to ours, and he was in her in his business the next morning, as well as if she had been where Mr. Young had cut her from.
Are you sure that is the man?
It was dark at that time of night, I can only say from his voice.
Had you any lights upon the wharf?
There were lanthorns and candles.
Might any body on board the barge have seen what Mr. Young did?
Yes; I was on board the barge, and Mr. Thompson, at the same time.
Did you see this man sworn and examined as a witness?
Yes.
What did he say there?
That he was a watchman on board Mr. Lyon's barge.
Mr. Wardell's wharf and Mr. Young's wharf adjoin?
No; there is a common sewer between.
Vessels may lie opposite the common fewer, may they not?
No vessel could lie there without trespassing on Mr. Young's premises.
How wide is the common fewer?
About twelve feet.
It is arched over?
Yes.
Whose premises are those over this common fewer?
Mr. Wardell's.
The ring to which this headfast was tied, was at the extreme of Mr. Young's premises?
Within a foot, or a foot and a half.
How far off these premises is there or has there been a pile?
Within about a foot and a half.
Is there not likewise another pile about two or three feet off that?
No, there is only one.
There is a now a pile about a foot and a half off this ring?
Yes.
- I am the proprietor of Bell wharf; the night that I expected the goods, I desired all my men to attend.
When you got to your wharf, how did you find Mr. Lyon's lighter?
It was made fast to my ring; I asked the man the reason why he had made it fast there, or if any body had given him leave to make it fast, as the premises were mine; he said, he had had leave frow nobody, but that the barge should continue there; I told him, if she did continue there, it was not possible for me to get in my lighter; he still refused moving her, or permitting my people to assist in moving her; I told him, if he did not, that I should certainly cut the headfast; he said, that if I came on board the barge that he had the charge of, he would shoot me; I told him, my lighter is come here on the outside, with a very valuable cargo, which I suppose might amount to 20,000l.; although he told me he would fire at me, I told him, I am determined, at all events, that the barge shall go out, and I immediately jumped into the barge; one of my clerks immediately followed me; I then cut the headfast, which was made fast to my ring; I gave charge to my lighterman to take care of the barge, and make it secure on the outside, which they did; the prisoner was then standing at the head of the barge.
Did he see what you were about?
Certainly.
Is there any ring whatever fixed to Mr. Wardell's premises?
No.
You had a long conversation with him?
Yes; I wished to persuade him very much, and he insisted he had a right to come there.
At the time of cutting the rope, one or two of the clerks came in at the head of the barge?
Yes; there were Mr. Graham and Mr. Thompson.
I believe they were employed in holding him, to prevent him in obstructing you in cutting the rope?
Yes.
Could this man by possibility be ignorant where the rope was fastened?
He could not; I told him several times it was made fast to my ring.
I am clerk to Mr. Young; I was present when Mr. Young cut the headfast, it was made fast to the ring in Mr. Young's wall upon his premises.
I was at work upon Bell-wharf; I saw Mr. Young cut the headfast of Mr. Lyon's barge.
Where was the headfast fastened to?
To the ring at Bell-wharf.
My LORD, In this case, the only venue that is stated, is the Guildhall of the City of London, which is certainly a distinct mark not easily mistaken; but it is not that which the law requires, it is not a parish or a vill, from which a Jury can come; it is a place distinctly known, but is not a place from which a Jury can be summoned.
My Lord, I have looked for authorities upon this point, the first case is in Croke Eliz. 732, Forth and Harrison: \"a debt on a bond demurrer and error, and it was contended there, that the plea was good enough for the payment alledged apud London, in his house at Cheapside is good, and it is not of necessity to alledge a parish or a ward, no more than where a thing is alledged to be at Bristol, or any other city, and all the writ of right and preciptes, are of a messuage in London, without naming any parish or ward. It was contended on the other hand, that it ought of necessity, to be alledged in what parish or ward the house is for the trial, as where payment is alledged at his house in any country, it ought to be alledged in what vill it is, for the venue to have a trial. And so is 7 Henry vi. 36. that a parish and ward in London, are as a vill or hamlet in other counties, and what hath always been used and observed, is to be taken for law, and of those parishes and wards, the Court may well take conusance. And the Prothonotary of the Common Bench, and Kemp, Secondary of the Queen's Bench, certified that their course always hath been to plead any act done in London to be done at such a parish and ward, for the venue, and for this defect they held the plea to be ill.\"	"s
And, my Lord, this doctrine is recognized in 3 Hawkins 336, where there is a long discussion upon it; and upon this ground it hath been adjudged, that a venue may come, not only from a town, but from a ward, parish, hamlet, burgh, manor, castle, or even from a forest, or other place known out of a town: He goes on to stare, \"Also, if a fact done in a vill, within a parish, which contains drivers vills, be in the Count, in an appeal alledged generally in the parish, or a fact done in a city, which contains drivers parishes, be in the Count, in an appeal alledged generally in the city; it seems, that the defendant may plead such matter in abatement, for otherwise he could take no advantage of the insufficiency of the allegation, because the place named, as it stands on the record, must, till the contrary be shewn, he intended to contain no more than one town or parish, on which supposition a visne may well come, de vicineto civitatis, which does not exclude the city, but takes in the city and its neighbourhood within its jurisdiction, whether such city be within a county, or be a county of itself, excepting only the City of London, from whence it seems, that no visne can come, not only by reason of the largeness of its extent, but also because it hath been the constant usage of pleading, to shew the ward and parish, in which a fact alledged in London was done.\"	"s
These are all in civil actions.
This is a case of appeal. In 4 Hawkins 47, under the head of indictments, he says, \"it hath been adjudged, that a fact laid in a parish of London, with some other addition, as in the parish of St. Michael, Wood-street, London; or in the parish of St. Lawrence Jewry, is good, without shewing the ward in which the parish lies.\" Therefore, from that I am entitled to argue, that if the indictment does not state both the parish and the ward, slating the parish generally is not sufficient, but they must go on to fix and describe that parish beyond doubt, as in the parish of St. Michael, in Wood-street, London, or in the parish of St. Lawrence Jewry.\"But these matters having been more fully treated of in the chapter of appeals, and also in the foregoing part of the chapter, relaring to the certainty of the time of the offence, I shall refer the reader thither.\"	"s
That proves that the ward need not be inserted.
Yes, but the parish must be inserted; but here they have not only stated no ward, but they have stated no parish whatever, nothing more than the Guildhall of the City of London.
This objection comes upon me by surprize. In the first place, I was not the person who drew this indictment. I should, certainly, if I had been drawing it, have inserted the parish and ward, though I believe it has been held. that the City of London is sufficient, but the law is not clear from the cases put by my learned friend, Mr. Gurney, for Hawkins expresses himself with great uncertainty about the law, that be here gives to the public. He says here, \"except the City of London, from whence it seems that no venue can come, not only by reason of the largeness of its extent, but also because it hath been the constant usage of pleading, to shew the ward and parish in which a fact alledged in London was done.\" Now, therefore, Sir, you know perfectly, that Serjeant Hawkins wherever he ties himself down to this expression, it seems to be so and so, does not give that as a thing so unequivocally ruled, as that it may not be the subject of discussion hereafter, and I am more inclined to see this as a matter of doubt, because he has given the authorities upon which he goes. He says, \"excepting only the City of London;\" and here is a reference to \"I Sidersin 178, Croke James, 307. 2 Rolls Abr. 622, Croke James 150, Query Croke Eliz. 732, Contra Stannford's Pleas of the Crown 154. 2 Rolles Abr. 617,\" therefore, most undoubtedly, this was not in the opinion of the author who wrote, a clear point, and he is speaking only of cases in the nature of civil actions. That there is a case which has ruled, that the City of London is sufficient I am certain, though I cannot recollect the case, it comes upon me by surprize, not only because I was not the drawer of the Indictment, but my brief does not even furnish me with a correct copy of the indictment. Hawkins says, a venue may come from a castle, now, if a castle is a place from which a Jury may be summoned, so may Guildhall, where the officers reside.
It is certainly a point of great consequence; the only idea in my mind is, that the City of London is sufficient, and I am confident there is a case that goes the whole length, but I certainly will not decide it.
\"If the murder be alledged, apud civitatem, Bristol, the venite sacias is most properly de Bristol, and it is good became a city.\" And here he quotes 7 Henry 4, title Inquest 36,
The following paragraph in Hale is very strong,
In answer to that, Westminster has not a Jury distinct, but it is a Jury of the county.
