I live in - street, Cavendish-square .
Have you a house of your own?
I rent one.
Did you lose any property out of that house, and when?
Yes, on the 24th of June, a bank note; it was in my coat pocket; I left it in my pocket book. The lad lived with me as a servant; I left the coat off over night, and put on a morning gown that I have, and went up stairs, and in brushing the coat he took the note out of my pocket.
Are you sure it was in your coat?
I am very sure it was.
How soon did you discover the note was gone?
I did not discover it till the next morning. I discharged him in the morning, he did not suit my service at all; and I went to get some change out of my pocket book, and I missed the note, and I went to the magistrate and got a warrant, and I had a suspicion that he was gone to the White Horse coffee house; I went there, and I see him sitting with some wine before him, and I went in and took him myself, and there he was searched, and we found he had a great deal of money about him, and had bought a good deal of clothes; and afterwards he confessed that he took the note and had changed it, and bought some clothes with it; but that he had left nine guineas in the coach that I took him to the magistrate's in; he said he changed it at a Mr. Banks's shoe warehouse, in Oxford-street. I went the next morning to Mr. Banks, and Mr. Banks had the very note in his hand, going to pay it away; I told him he must not pay it away; he said he must, for he must make the payment; I said, not with that; and I took that note from him, and gave him another bank note of the same value.
Alley. You say that you went to the White Horse cellar, Piccadilly, and there this man confessed?
No, I did not, he confessed afterwards.
What promise did you make him to induce him to confess?
None.
The prisoner at the bar had bought shoes of me several times, and knowing his person, I gave him cash for the note; I asked him whose it was? he said, it was his master's; I asked him to indorse the note in his master's name; he indorsed the note in a fictitious name, No. 25, Edward-street; Helen. I think it is spelt.
Was that the note that you received of him?
Yes.
