I am a patrol: On Saturday, the 3d of November, about eight o'clock, I was in St. John's-street, with my partner; I saw the prisoner at the bar pass with a mat, containing this leather, underneath his coat, (produces it) it was a kind of a great coat; I asked him, what he had there, and he made me no answer for some time; I asked him again, what he had there; at last he said, leather; I said, where do you live? he told me, at Battle-bridge; I asked him then, where he worked? he told me, in Holborn; I told him, he was going the wrong way from Holborn to Battle-bridge; I then took him to the watch-house; and while I went for the key of the watch-house, I left him in charge of my partner; he ran away; when I came to the door with the key of the watch-house, I heard a cry of stop him!
Was your partner left in care of the leather?
Yes.
Having lost the custody of him, are you sure the prisoner is the same man?
I am; I kept the leather till Monday evening, and then I took it to Mr. Ware's, a leather-cutter's; I left it there till the Monday week, when the prisoner had a heating at Guildhall; and then the leather was delivered into my care.
Do you know it to be the same leather?
Yes.
Did you put any mark upon it?
I did not; there were sufficient marks upon it before; there were three marks upon it.
Do you know whose property it is?
It belongs to Messrs. Newmans.
When was he taken again?
Not till the 12th; he was taken by some officers who are in Court.
You are a patrol?
Yes.
What business do you carry on besides?
That of a newsman.
You know nothing at all about leather-dressing?
No.
Do you know Messrs. Newmans?
Yes, it is upon Snow-hill, I believe they call it.
Do not you know it is Snow-hill?
They call it so, I believe.
You believe so - are you not a patrol of the city of London?
No, of St. Sepulchre's, but not in the City; but these things were taken from Giltspur-street.
Do you know now, that the prisoner lodged at Battle-bridge?
Yes, I know it now.
St. John's-street was as near a way as he could go from Giltspur-street to Battle-bridge?
Yes.
How long had your partner the custody of the man, before he ran away?
Not a minute.
Now as to the property, what became of it, when you returned to your house?
I took it to my house; on Monday, I took it to Mr. Ware, and I did not see it again till the Monday following.
Is Mr. Ware here?
No.
This leather was totally different from any other leather you had ever seen, perhaps?
I do not know but it was, it was in a wet state.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
Not to my knowledge.
This was at eight o'clock at night?
About eight.
Therefore, all the opportunity you had of observing him, was by the lamps?
No, by the lights in the butcher's shop.
Did it occur to you, being Saturday night, to observe whether there were many people about those butchers' shops?
Certainly there were more on a Saturday night than any other night.
And the only opportunity you had of knowing his person, was while you had him in custody?
Yes, I had hold of his collar a considerable way.
And the prisoner was not taken up till the 12th of November?
No.
How long might be have been in your care?
Two or three minutes, or thereabout, or it might be more.
Whereabout is the watch-house?
Within a few doors of White-horse-alley, Cow-cross; and where we took him, was within two doors of Greenhill's-rents.
I am a patrol: I was with Taylor, on Saturday, the 3d of November, about eight in the evening.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; I saw the prisoner go along with a bundle under his arm; we stopped him, and asked him what he had there; he said, he had leather; Taylor asked him, where he lived; he said, at Battle-bridge; then he asked him, where he worked; he said, in Holborn; we took him down to the watch-house; when we got to the watch-house door, my partner went for the keys of the watch-house; then he threw down the leather, and ran away. On the 5th of November, my partner went to Mr. Ware's, in St. John's-street, with the leather, and left it there till that day week, when it was delivered to my partner again.
Should you know that leather again?
Yes, there is a particular mark to it, S2.
I am a currier: I manufacture for Messrs. Newmans, in Giltspur-street, Mr. Alderman Newman and Sons; the prisoner is an apprentice of mine.
What are their names?
William Newman, Esq. John Newman, and Henry Newman, On Tuesday, the 6th of November, I had some information that our premises had been robbed; I then missed two pieces of leather, which the prisoner had to dress, marked S2; I immediately gave information to Mr. Newman, that I had missed them; I then had orders, when he came to work, to apprehend him, which I should have done, but he did not come to work. (Looks at the leather), Here is the prisoner's mark, with copperas water, S No. 2, and here is Mr. Newman's mark, with ink, a V and a strait stroke, in the hand-writing of Mr. Newman.
Had you examined them during the time your apprentice was at work upon them?
Yes, I have, they had gone through my hands once.
Can you, from that observation, swear to them?
I can.
You are employed by Messrs. Newmans, as a person to manufacture their leather?
Yes.
Is leather sold in Giltspur-street by any body?
No; but when a customer comes to Mr. Newman's shop, and they have not an article that suits them, they come to me, and pick out what they want, and they are sent to the shop, but then those are always manufactured, and this is not.
What does it want?
To be scowered and rubbed with a stone, then it is hung up in a shed like a tanner's shed to dry, and then oil is put upon it.
There is a great deal of process before it becomes leather?
Yes, it is the middle of the hide.
I take it for granted, you do not call it leather till the hide has gone through the process, and becomes fit for sale?
Yes, it is leather now, but not curried leather.
It has had a very little part of the process that is to be applied to it?
Only about one-fourth part of it.
Then I should like to know why you call it leather in that state?
It is leather the moment it comes from the tanner's.
These pieces of leather have got the prisoner's mark upon them now; when you part with them to Messrs. Newmans, they go with those marks to the shop?
Yes; but they never go in that state.
How long has the prisoner been your apprentice?
Six years.
When does the apprentice put his mark upon the leather?
Immediately as he receives it from my hands.
I am a Sadler, I live at Mr. Ware's: These are the skins that were left at Mr. Ware's on Tuesday morning, the 6th of November; I took them to Batson's coffee-house for the curriers to see them, and Mr. Newman owned to the leather; I had the possession of the leather from the time the patrole delivered it to me, till I delivered it at Guildhall to Taylor.
Who did you receive it from?
Mr. Ware; I saw him receive it from the patrole.
I am an officer; I apprehended the prisoner at Battle-bridge, on the 12th of November, at his father-in-law's house, in bed; there was nothing particular passed, but when I had put him in the watch-house, I fetched the patrole, Taylor, to the watch-house, and as soon as he saw him, he said, you are the man that I stopped with the leather.
This leather was taken on Saturday, the 3d of November?
Yes.
The prisoner was not apprehended till the 12th?
Yes.
You apprehended him where it was most likely to find him, at his lodgings?
Yes.
Of course, in the mean time, there was plenty of time for him to have got out of the way?
Yes; I had been two or three times before, and could not find him.
I am a constable of St. Sepulchre's; I went with the last witness to apprehend the prisoner, and brought him to the watch-house.
These men are certainly mistaken in the person; I had plenty of opportunity to have got off if I had wished it.
Did you leave word what you wanted?
Yes; we told his wife and her mother that he was suspected of having stolen some leather from Messrs. Newmans.
And yet you went again, and found him in bed?
Yes, about five in the morning.
Did the prisoner come to your house after the leather was missing?
Never.
When had you this leather in your hands before you lost it?
I had it in my hands on the Friday or Saturday morning.
What is the value of that leather in its present state?
Upwards of 40s.
