I am a married woman; my husband's name is George Rochfort , my husband is a journeyman smith . I lost three shifts from a lodging house, I brought them home on the 3d of June; on the 4th of June I went out to work, and when I came home, I laid me down on the side of my bed; the prisoner was distressed, had no home nor habitation; I thought she would be an assistant to me, to help my little girl to take care of the children. When I awoke in the morning I missed her out of the room, on the 5th of June I awaked myself, about nine o'clock in the morning. I go out to work, I found her in the necessary, and she had a quartern of butter in her apron; she came in and sat down, and had her breakfast with me; it missed with rain, I said to her, I think I will go and buy me an handkerchief; but it rained, I did not; I heard her say to my little girl, if you don't go for some coals, I will lick you; in the mean while I laid down again, and she took three shifts and three shillings and six-pence out of my pocket.
Did you see the shifts in the room when you awoke at nine o'clock?
I did; I had them in my hand.
Did you get out of bed?
Yes, I got up.
What time did you lay down again?
I believe about half after eleven.
Where did you put your pocket?
Inside of the bed with me.
Was you asleep when she took out the pocket?
I was.
And there was three shillings and six-pence in?
There was.
You did not see her take it, nor awake till she got out of the room?
I did not.
When did you awake again?
About one o'clock; and she was gone, and three shifts, and three shillings and six-pence.
Had any body else access to the room?
Nobody but a child of three years old; he was paddling about the room, and was in the room when I awoke; I found two shifts on the same day, the 5th of June, I found her in Lukener's-lane, and at No. 5, she had got both these shifts on. one on the top of the other. I never found the third nor the money.
Look at them shifts, and tell us how you know them.
I know them too perfectly well to my sorrow, they are marked.
Her own daughter, of fourteen, took the money out of her pocket; as for the other shift I am innocent of. She is not a married woman, her name is Ann Coleman . - I am lawfully married, that is easily proved.
Had you a daughter of fourteen years?
She is about thirteen, she went out before I went to sleep, and did not come back till three o'clock.
