How is that; I took him to be Earl Clanbrassil, not commonly called so; an Earl's son has the title by mere courtesy, but not so when a man is an Earl: you may go on; I shall save the point: I think it is wrong.
I lived with Lord Clanbrassil, in Stanhope-street, May-fair , on the 13th of June last, and had done almost four years.
Has my Lord any father living?
No: I had the care of the plate; I know how many spoons he had; they were counted on Sunday the 13th of June; I did not count them on Monday; I missed five on the 14th, between two and three o'clock; they were in the dining-parlour; the prisoner was at my Lord's house on Monday evening, between nine and ten; she had been with a petition to my Lady.
How long was this woman there?
Half an hour.
I am Lord Clanbrassil's footman; I saw the prisoner on the 13th of June, about half after nine; she asked if Mr. Asplin was within; I told her yes; I went down to call him; the dining-parlour is on the left side, next the street-door; it was open; I let her in again about half after twelve, on Monday; she asked if my Lady was within, and said a person of the name of Graham came for an answer to a petition; I said I would go and let her know, she was in her dressing-room; I went to tell her; and Lady Clanbrassil said she had written to Lady Hillsborough to inquire her character, and Lady Hillsborough sent answer she knew little of her, and she sent her down half-a-crown; I brought it down; I told her Mr. Asplin would be in at three; I am sure that person is the woman; I suppose it might be nine or ten minutes, or not so much, while I went up stairs.
I know his name is James Hamilton ;
I have seen it in his arms, and his books; he signs Clanbrassil; I have seen it in the Court Kalendar.
You never saw him write it so?
He signs his letters Clanbrassil; I have seen it in his own coat of arms that he has in iron, and a plan of his estates that I have seen; James Hamilton , Earl of Clanbrassil, Viscount Limerick.
I am valet to Lord Clanbrassil; I have seen the prisoner two or three times; on Tuesday she came; she related a very melancholy tale of herself; I told her I was excessively sorry; but, if she would call in the middle of the day, her Ladyship would relieve her.
I live in Piccadilly; I am a silversmith: she came into my shop about five in the evening, and offered to sell these spoons, on the 14th of June, Whitsun Tuesday; I asked her what she asked for them; says she, weigh them, and you will know better what to give me; I asked her what name this was upon them; she said, I do not know, there is no name that I know of; says I, here is some person's crest, is it yours; where did you get these spoons; says she, it is of no consequence to you where I got them; if you do not like to buy them, give them to me again: at last, with a deal to do, she told me that she got them from the Marchioness of Buckingham; that she was a distant relation to her Ladyship, and received them as presents from her; I kept the spoons; nothing particular happened; then I asked her where she lived, and she gave me a right direction where she lived, in Little St. James's-street; I asked her if she had any objection to my going with her to her lodgings; she said she had not; I said I would go with her; instead of which, I went out at the back door, and went to the place where she said she lodged, and inquired and found she did live there; and about six or seven days after, I found out to whom those spoons belonged; I went to the Earl of Clanbrassil's house with the spoons, and shewed them to the servant that opened the door.
I saw the spoons when the last witness brought them; it is Lord Clanbrassil's crest and coronet; I missed five on Tuesday the 14th, between two and three; I was going to lay the cloth.
I do not know what to say.
Prisoner, there is an objection that appears on the face of your indictment, which does not affect the merits of your case; but, however slight it may be, you ought to have, and you shall have, the benefit of it; therefore no sentence must be passed upon you till the next session, and then you will know the opinion of the Judges.
