id you know James Healey ?
I did not know either the one or the other: The deceased took hold of my left arm on Sunday night, the 3d of June, and asked me to have something to drink, I had got through Temple-bar, beyond the Church, going towards Drury-lane; I said would he give me any, and we walked on till we came to a very low public-house, the Cock and Magpyer in Drury-lane; there were three in company, him and two others.
Do you know either of those persons?
The prisoner was one of the two that was with the deceased; we all four went into the public-house, and had half a pint of gin, and two pots of beer; we staid there about an hour.
What time of night was it?
It was about ten o'clock at night when the deceased first took hold of my arm; I continued with them till, twelve o'clock, when the murder was done; while we were in the public-house, the prisoner at the bar was trying to get me away from the deceased man, they had not any words, but talking to the deceased man, and trying to get me away from him; after drinking the liquor, I went out at the door with a tall man, in a light-coloured coat, who wished us a good night.
Was he one of the three that you met with at Temple-bar?
Yes; he bid us good night, and went towards the New Church in the Strand; the deceased and the prisoner came out together directly after, and we went up Drury-lane, towards St. Giles's; walking up Drury-lane, two or three times, the man that is in custody there, tried very much to get me from the deceased man, saying, he would have me from him, and the deceased man said he should not have me; the deceased man and I agreed to go and sleep all night together, and we walked up Drury-lane trying to lose the prisoner, that be should not see where we were going; we walked up three or four times, and the prisoner became very resolute, insisting upon having me from the deceased man.
What do you mean by being resolute?
Putting his arms round my necks, trying to get me away, and the deceased man was squeezing my left hand not to give any ear to him, not to go with him; upon that, the prisoner said, d-n his eyes he would have me, or he would have his life; accordingly he stabbed at him with a stick, he had a kind of a came in his right hand, and he shook it, and the bottom part flew off, he jabbed it at him immediately, and the second jab he dropped, and never spoke at all; and he jabbed at him a third time, after he was down.
Whereabouts was this?
Opposite Queen street, in Drury-lane , nearer to Queen-street than Long-acre, in the road-way; with the jabbing and the fright, I screamed out murder three or four times.
What became of the prisoner?
I do not know; when I screamed out, several watchmen came up, and I went away and left the man lying there, and the watchmen round him; the prisoner threw away the stick in a careless manner, and almost struck the watchman's feet, and he ran up Drury-lane towards St. Giles's; the watchman, instead of going after him, stooped down to pick it up.
How was the deceased dressed?
In a blue coat, a round hat, a broad striped waistcoat, a kind of a brown stripe, and broad striped breeches of a kind of a brownish colour; his hair was rather long, but of a dark complexion.
Was his hair tied?
No, loose.
Was he a tall man, or a short man?
A very tall stout made man.
How was the prisoner dressed at that time?
A blue coat, red waistcoat, and round hat, very short dark hair, but tied on the Sunday night.
What sort of a stick was it he had in his hand?
A kind of a cane.
What colour was it?
A kind of a lightish cane.
Were you able to see the sword, or whatever it was, so as to tell us the length of it?
Yes; after he shook the cane, he gave it a sudden jerk, and the bottom part slew off; it was about the length of two fingers.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man that did this?
I am positive he is the man, and no other; I was in his company two hours, he was with the deceased man when he caught hold of me.
What way of life are you in?
I am an unfortunate girl, getting my bread at different times in the street; I am never long in London together.
I believe the Justice asked you what religon you were of?
Yes.
And you told him none at all, did not you?
I did not understand the way that he asked me.
Then you say it was a mistake?
I did not understand him.
Tell us, at this time where you lived, and who you lived with?
I lodged with Mrs. Welsh, No. 2, Coal-yard, Drury-lane; when I come from the country I always go there; I am there sometimes for a week or two.
At the time this happened were you a lodger of Mrs. Welsh's?
I only slept there till I could get the room.
How long had you slept there before this matter happened?
I reached home on the Monday as this happened on Sunday night.
Then you had been at Mrs. Welsh's from the Monday night?
Yes, when I could get in; sometimes I could not get in, and then I was obliged to walk about all night.
What public-house was it you went with the deceased to?
The Cock and Magpye in Drury-lane.
What part of the house were you in?
In the box No. 2.
I tell you fairly, the people of that house are here - now do you mean to say that you four came into that house, and sat in the box No. 2.?
Yes; I sat down underneath the number.
The murder did not happen till twelve o'clock at night?
It was not gone twelve.
Are you sure that this instrument, with which he was stabbed, came out of a stick?
Yes; and he jabbed at him directly.
Then he held one end of the stick?
Yes; the knife part was very picked at the point, and got very thick towards the top.
You screamed out murder three or four times?
Yes.
And you staid till the watchman came up?
Yes.
Are you sure of that?
Yes; because, after the third jab, he threw the stick towards the watchman's feet, and the watchman tried to pick up the stick instead of going after the man.
Do you think the watchman was as near to the prisoner as I am to you?
I cannot say.
What became of you after this?
I was almost ready to swoon away with the fright, and I walked away; when I came to myself, I found myself in Holborn.
Did you go after the watchman to enquire what, had happened?
I did not till Monday morning; I went to Mrs. Welsh in the morning.
Did you that night enquire what was become of the body?
No.
Did the watchman say nothing to you upon coming up, and your crying murder?
No.
You told this story to the gentlemen of the Coroner's Jury?
Yes; I attended the Jury on Wednesday night; I was at Bow-street on Wednesday morning.
Do you recollect the gentlemen of the Jury telling you to your face, that they did not believe a word you said?
I cannot justly say.
Before you were taken before the Coroner's Jury, this man was taken up, was not he?
He was taken up about twelve o'clock on Monday, I cannot justly say.
You were before the Coroner's Jury, and charged this man with the murder, after he was taken up, did you not?
No; on Tuesday morning I went before Mr. Addington, to his own house, and had a private examination.
Did you go and give evidence before the Coroner's Jury after this man was taken into custody?
I do not understand you.
Do you remember giving your account before the gentlemen that sat on the body?
That was in the evening.
After this man was in custody?
Yes.
And then you positively swore he was the man that committed the murder?
I am positive, and was then, that he is the man.
You positively swore, before the Coroner's Jury, that he was the man that committed the murder?
Yes.
Are you sure the man had a blue coat on?
Yes.
Perhaps the same kind of coloured coat that he has on now?
No, it was a blue coat; a very good tidy decent coat; every thing has been found since but the waistcoat; he had on a red waistcoat.
I was at the apprehending of the prisoner, and searched his house; I found a blue coat and a hat, on Wednesday, the 6th of June.
How do you know they were his?
I found them in the room where he slept, and he owned them at Bow-street. Here is a dagger that came from St. Giles's watch-house, (producing it) I received it from a servant of Mr. Romley, the watch house-keeper, on the Monday, I think; I am not clear to the day.
Where were the prisoner's lodgings?
In Dudley-court, Denmark-street, St. Giles's.
Look at that dagger, is that the kind of thing that you have described?
No, it was a kind of a cane.
Had it that guard round it, that kind of circle?
No, it was no such like thing as this at all.
I knew the deceased for twelve years past; I saw him on the 3d of June, he Sunday he came to my apartments, about six, o'clock in the evening, in George-court, Piccadilly, he had a blue coat on and a swansdown waistcoat; I think so, I am not particular; I was in his company from six till within a few minutes of eleven o'clock at night; I left him in Wild-street, in a public-house called the Black Horse.
Who did you leave with him?
I left him with a countryman of his own, a schoolfellow of his, named Neville, and another gentleman that he called Doctor; Neville was dressed in a blue coat, the Doctor was dressed like a gentleman in every respect, in a blue coat.
How near eleven was it when you left him?
When I got into Little Russell-Place, I asked the watchman what it was o'clock, and he said, he was just going to cry eleven; I walked very smart, to the best of my belief, I was not more than five minutes; that is nearly opposite Drury-lane playhouse.
Did you see this man after his death?
I did, on the Thursday following, at St. Giles's work-house.
What had happened to him to cause his death?
It appeared to me that he had been stabbed with some very desperate weapon, but no one could go close to him at that time that I saw him.
Was the prisoner at this Black Horse?
I never saw the prisoner till I saw him at Bow-street.
What sort of a person was the deceased?
of the two, my Lord, I am rather taller than the deceased. (The witness was a short man). I went a second time to see to get him away, because he was in liquor, and I could not get him away.
What was his complexion?
He was of a fallow complexion, quite sun burnt.
You have known him for twelve years?
He and I were very intimate seven years in Dublin; we had been in partnership in business.
You were with him from six till within five minutes of eleven?
Yes, I was with him from eight o'clock till near eleven, without ever stiring out.
Were you ever at the Cock and Magpye, in Drury-lane?
I never saw such a house to my knowledge, I was not there that evening.
Did you, in the course of that evening, see the woman that has just given evidence?
No. From six in the evening, he never opened his lips to a woman; the deceased had come from Ireland that day, with a wife and two children, between four and five in the evening, he called upon me directly.
Are you sure he never picked up any woman before you left him?
He never spoke to any woman of any kind.
Did you ever see this man after his death?
On the Monday, I saw him at St. Giles's work-house.
Are you sure that was the body of the man that was with you?
I am positive he was the man that was in my company all the evening, and I am sure the prisoner at the bar is the man that stabbed him; I was very desirous of going to see the body, to know whether it was the same man or not, and I am positive he was the man that I had been with the night before.
I am a watchman; On Sunday, the 3d of June, I was alarmed by a screaming, I was at the corner of a baker's window in Great Wild-street, it might want five or ten minutes of twelve at night, I heard a man's voice call out, watch, stop that man.
How far was that baker's shop from the corner of Queen-street?
It was about the middle of the street; I turned my head round, and saw a man going into Wild-court, that turns to the Mews; I went down Little Wild-street, which leads into the same Mews, and in going down Wild-street, he passed by me by the Black-house Livery-stables; as soon as I perceived him, I sprung my rattle, and pursued him into the King-head yard, leading into Duke-street, I sprung my rattle there, and in going along the middle of King's-head-yard, I heard something fall like a piece of glass or a knife falling, it ring upon the stones.
Is that yard a thoroughfare?
Yes, three; one goes into Duke-street, facing the Roman-Catholic chapel, and another into the yard, that goes into Great Queen-street. When I got into Duke-street, I lost sight of him; he was a tall thin man, dressed in a light coloured coat, white waistcoat, white breeches, and white stockings; when I found that I had lost the man, I returned back into King's-head-yard, and curiosityaded me to look what it was that made such a noise; I opened the door of my lanthorn, and to my great surprise, I picked up the fatal instrument, with the blade of it all over blood.
Look at that instrument?
This is the same. I immediately carried it to St. Giles's watch-house, and left it there, in going along, after I had found the instrument, when I came to the pump, there was a great noise of rattles; I went up with this instrument in my hand, and there I beheld the deceased lying upon the ground, at the corner of Prince's-court, Drury-lane, almost opposite Broad-court.
How far from Queen-street?
About one hundred yards.
Did you hear any woman's voice crying stop that man?
No, it was a man's voice; and what alarmed me the more, was, that nobody came to my assistance.
Are you sure the man that you pursued had light coloured clothes on?
Yes; something like the colour of whited brown paper.
It was not a dark blue?
No; if it had been a dark colour, I could not have distinguished it.
Were there many people about the body?
I suppose there were about ten people, watchmen and all.
The prisoner and I lodged and slept together: I saw the prisoner on Sunday morning, before eight o'clock; I called between three and four in the afternoon, and he was in bed again, I did not disturb him nor speak to him; about a quarter of an hour or ten minutes before eleven at night, I went into bed, and he was then in bed, and remained there till six o'clock next morning; when I awaked in the morning, he was in bed with me.
Where were you all that time?
Walking backwards and forwards smoking my pipe, and talking to my neighbours. I went in for a pair of stockings between nine and ten, and he was then in bed.
Were you not absent from the court all the time?
Yes, about ten minutes, while I was drinking part of a pint of beer at a public-house, with a friend of the name of William Doyle, that came from Westminster to see me.
Can you say, upon your oath, that it was not ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before twelve?
Yes, I am sure it was not; I know it was before eleven, I had heard the clock strike ten in the house, while I was sitting with my landlady; we are not above one hundred yards from the church clock.
And you did not hear it strike eleven before you went to bed?
No, I did not.
You saw him in bed between nine and ten?
Yes; he was ill all the day, and Nelly, the servant, gave him some bread and milk for supper. Nelly is here.
I am a watchman, I stand at the corner of Long-acre, about sixty-four or sixty-six yards from Princes-court: On the Sunday night that the man was murdered, I heard watch called about a quarter before twelve o'clock.
Did you hear murder screamed out?
No, not at all; I went over to Prince's-court, and there was a man lay on the ground, and two gentlemen beside him; one gentleman said, there is a man killed, or a man killed himself, I do not know which.
What became of the man afterwards?
The gentlemen had hold of him, and I took off his neckcloth; I went to seek for a doctor, but could not get one, somebody else got a doctor.
Did you hear any such cry as this, stop that man?
No, I did not.
Or watch, watch, stop that man?
No; I heard watch called.
What were you about?
I was in my box.
How many yards is it from your box to the middle of the road, opposite Queen-street?
I should suppose about twenty yards at the utmost.
If any woman had cried out murder, you must have heard it?
Yes; the body was above sixty yards from the middle of the street.
Then it is more than sixty yards from the pump in Queen-street?
Yes.
Have you seen either of those gentlemen since?
I have seen one of them since; but I do not know that I should know him.
Do you know what became of the body afterwards?
I saw the body carried in a shell to the workhouse, from the corner of Prince's-court.
On the third of June, as near as I can guess, about half past eleven o'clock, I was coming down Drury-lane, I had just walked up Drury-lane before, from Clement's-inn, with a friend, we walked up the same side of Drury-lane, on which the man was murdered.
Had you passed Prince's-court with your friend?
Yes, and turned into Long-acre; when he turned into Long-acre, I walked further on up Drury-lane, not so far as Broad-street, Bloomsbury, but pretty near as far as Broad-street, I then turned round and walked back, meaning to go to Clement's-inn, and as I was going along, I stumbled over something, I looked down, and saw a man lying on the pavement.
What length of time was there between your first passing Prince's-court, and the time when you stumbled?
I do not think it could be five minutes.
Can you say whether, when you passed Prince's-court first, that body was lying there?
No, it was not lying there.
Had you heard any cry of watch, or murder?
As I was coming down Drury-lane, I heard a rattle spring, but it seemed at a distance, and towards Bloomsbury, but I heard no cry.
Did you see any woman near the place when you went with the body?
No, I saw no woman there.
Was it very dark?
It was dark, and the streets were very quite.
Gentlemen, I have been thinking of this case, and I really think, in a case in which there appears so much doubt, you would not be warranted in finding the prisoner guilty; if you wish to hear the rest of the evidence, we will go on.
