I am a gold watch hand maker . I live at No. 27, Exeter-street ; I lived there the time of the robbery; the prisoner had been at my house two nights; he sleeped there the 22d of the month of November; he slept there Friday night and Saturday night. On Monday morning he went away, and this affair was transacted; he went away early in the morning, between seven and eight o'clock; I lost it on Monday morning, but I did not see him till Tuesday morning. On Tuesday when he was taken, he had the handkerchief about his neck, that was the 26th; and my daughter challenged it, and they asked me if it was my handkerchief? I said, it was; he was taken up concerning the plate. I saw the handkerchief drop from his neck. Josling, I believe, has the handkerchief.
Mr. Croft, I wish to ask you whether it is your own act and deed this prosecution, or is it by the advice of others?
That is not material, who advised; how came you to steal this handkerchief?
On Saturday the 23d of November, you remember, you mentioned to me, that you wanted a Sunday's dinner, and I gave you one of my shirts to pawn, to buy a Sunday's dinner for me and you?
I never pawned a shirt of your's in my life.
He has the duplicate now. Have you not in your possession of mine, two pair of stockings, a cup, a check shirt, and a tobacco box?
The constable has the things that he mentions, they were left in my house.
The man has false sworn himself about that Sunday's dinner. Had not you a rabbit for dinner on Sunday the 24th out of the money?
I had not.
My lord, he had it out of the five shillings that the shirt was pawned for; here is a cravat, which I have about my neck, which he wanted to pawn as well as the shirt.
I am the daughter of the last witness. I was at No. 5, Shastsbury-place, the prisoner was brought into custody there; Mr. Croft brought him in himself, and he had the handkerchief about his neck; tied about his neck in a loose knot, and I saw him drop it, I said it was my father's handkerchief.
Did he drop it before you said that, or after?
After I said that.
I took this man up on the 26th of November, (Tuesday) I took him in Shaftsbury-place. I was sent for to take charge of him, and proceeding to search him, I observed something stick out very much in his mouth, I searched and found three guineas. Another constable had the custody of him before I came; after I searched him, I told him, to dress himself; he was going to put this handkerchief about his neck, I did not see him take it off; it laid on his coat and waistcoat; the young girl here, she claimed it as her father's handkerchief, the prisoner said, that her father had lent it him. This is the handkerchief.
A little of the hem is wore off from it, and I cut myself a little of the jaggs off. I am sure, this is my property, I bought it, paid for it, and wore it, and there is a small hole in it.
Did you lend that handkerchief to that man?
I never lent him an handkerchief in my life.
This is my father's handkerchief; it is my hemming.
I have had it ever since.
Mr. Croft, when you returned from pawning the shirt you brought a bad shilling, and tendered that bad shilling to me for to look at it; I told you I was no judge, particularly by candlelight. Look at me well in the face, you remember you went back to the pawnbroker with it?
I never pawned a shirt of his in my days.
I hardly know what to say. he cuts me out of every thing in the world; I could not imagine he could have stood before this court and said what he has said.
You remember the 24th of November you and I went and supped at your cousins in Aldersgate street; after supper we had a pot of porter, after that we had a pipe of tobacco; instead of putting the top of the pipe to be light you put the bottom; I said to you, let me light the pipe, which I did; on which, my lord, it grew late while we were there, and I begged of him to go home, about the hour of eleven, or nearly that time, we set off from Shaftsbury-place to go down to Exeter-street, in the Strand; I did all in my power to take care of him, every person that he came by could not pass without his giving them an insult; however, with my care, we got as far as Clare-market, there happened to be a liquor shop open there, and he insisted on having something to drink, he and I had a glass of peppermint; when I got him home and up stairs in his own room, which is a garret, no otherwise, he said, I will not go to bed except you fetch me a pint of porter; Mr. Croft, says I, you have had sufficient, I think you had better have no more; however a pint of porter he would have; says he, Bob, the bed is not made, will you make it? I made the bed and sat down by him some considerable time; I says to him during that time, Mr. Croft, I am going out very early in the morning, about six, I shall be much obliged to you if you will lend me your handkerchief, because my cravat is very thin; says he, take it, and don't ask any questions, and said, when will you return it; I said, to-morrow or next day.
I never lent it him in my life.
The things I left in his possession was double the value of this handkerchief; Mr. Croft owned himself before the Alderman, says he, I will not say that I had not had a glass too much.
Do you remember yourself being drunk the Sunday night?
Perhaps I might; I was not so drunk but what I knew what I was about; on Monday morning I was sober enough.
