I am an apprentice to Mr. Russel. Last Sunday was a fortnight I saw the man take hold of the shawl with his right hand. (It was round a child's neck,) and he took it and tied it up, and put it somewhere behind him, but where it was I cannot say, this was between two and three o'clock in the morning, they were going to Gravesend; I went to see them take boat; the man had the child in his arms, the man came to assist us; it was in Spur-street, Leicester-fields.
Did you know him before?
No.
Who was with you?
My master and mistress, and Mrs. Wall, and two young children. The man came out of the public house facing the coach, and came to the coach window, and said he would take the child out to help us from the coach, the coach broke down, and we were getting out, and he took the child out with the shawl on his neck; I saw him put his right hand and take the shawl off the child's neck, and he tied it up, and put it somewhere behind him; then I went down to the other side, because they could not get out that side; the child was taken out of the window, and Mrs. Wall said, Thomas, where is the shawl? I said that man has got it. So my master charged the watch with him.
Had he still the child in his arms when you told them that he had got the shawl, or had they taken the child out of his arms?
I cannot say that.
Then the man did stay some time with the child in his arms after he had taken it out of the window?
Yes. The watchman went after him, and he had the handkerchief in his hand, and he threw it way; I saw my master pick it up.
I hired the coach a little after two on Sunday morning the 8th of June, in Spur-street, Leicester-fields; the coach broke down, and from the said coach which was broke down, they handed the child out, the prisoner did; after that they were going to handle the bundles out, with that I said, no don't handle the bundles out we shall lose them; then after we got out of the coach I asked about the shawl, and Tom said, that man had got it; I said are you sure of it? he said, yes; then I charged the watch with him, and I saw him pull it from behind him, and throw it on the ground; and I picked it up. This is the same that I picked up, that I saw him throw down.
I took the child out of the coach, the coach was broke down; I delivered the child, and every thing, as far as I know, as I found it; I delivered the child as freely as I took it; I have got no witness; there was nobody there it was so early; I have lived in St. James's parish thirty-five years.
He bears an exceeding good character my lord, and I hope you will shew him mercy.
