I am servant to Mr. Joseph Sellon . On Thursday, the 1st of September, I saw his flock in the field safe at five in the afternoon. I went into the field to bring home some lame sheep to dress; I saw no person in the field at that time; I turned the sheep into the house, and dressed them in their feet, and drove them back to the field between five and six. To the best of my knowledge there were 43 in that lot; then I went into another field to look after the rest of the flock. As soon as I entered the second field, I discovered a man lying by the ditch side; I observed him; I went down half-way in the field to ask him what brought him there; when I got down about half the field, he arose from the ditch; there was a stile and a path; he appeared to avoid me; I took a short cut, and met him; when he could not avoid me, he asked which was his way to the Harp, a public house; I directed him to it; he went over the gate as I directed him, but turned, and took a direct contrary way; that man was the prisoner; I am sure of him; I have not the least doubt but that is the man. I saw no more of him that day; I believe it might be between five and six in the evening. About eight I counted my flock, and they were all safe. I saw them again about eight in the morning, I missed eight Lincolnshire wether sheep, marked J. S. the initial letters of Mr. Sellon's name; I marked them; it was a brand mark. I went to Bow-street on Saturday, and then with Crocker to the prisoner's house; I think it was about one, to the best of my knowledge; he lives in Sommers Town, and keeps a butcher's shop; it is about four miles or more from where the sheep were lost. The prisoner was not at home; we were waiting at the public-house; the prisoner passed by, and I shewed him to Crocker as the man that had been in the field, and that I suspected him taking the sheep; I immediately recollected him as such. The constable went out after him, and they two came down, and I saw them go into the prisoner's house, and I went with them to the prisoner's house. There we found a quantity of mutton; three legs, a loin, and a side, but no whole carcases; there were not so many joints as would make a carcase; that was all the mutton we could see. The constable shewed him the search warrant, and asked him where he got the mutton; he refused to tell him; he said, what odds does it make to you where I got it? The constable said, if he would not tell him where he got that mutton, he would take him into custody; that if he bought it at a fair market, he need not be ashamed to tell him; that if he would mention where, he would send a man to enquire. He said, it was nothing to him where he bought it. Then the constable called on me, and we went into his back yard; there we saw something like a sack with something under it; there were under it four paunches, and one skin under it; which skin I opened out, and it was branded with Mr. Sellon's brand; I am sure it was the skin of one of those that were taken away; I have not the least doubt. The constable searched for them. Then the constable opened a door out of the yard, like a little wash-house, there was a fifth paunch behind a tub, and in the tub four skins, making five paunches and five skins. I examined the marks of them; they were all the same marks; I am sure they were all Mr. Sellon's skins, I have not the least doubt. The constable noticed the back window of the parlour made fast, the shutters up, and I believe nailed; it was a very small yard. We came into the house, and demanded the key of the parlour of the prisoner, which we got with some difficulty; we asked him numbers of times; they said, both the prisoner and his wife, I will not give it; that the prisoner repeated more than once, and the wife in his presence. At length one of them gave the key, the constable unlocked the door, I went in, and found three sheep alive, with the same brand mark; I can swear positively they were three that Mr. Sellon lost. I had a further mark on one that was alive; on the rump of it there was a large scab; it produces no wool, part on the rump, and part on the tail; that I observed at the time they were bought and brought home, I observed that particular mark.
That applies only to one?
There were some bits of beef besides, and some lamb, but that I took very little notice of.
Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. The man you believe to be the prisoner you saw between five and six?
Yes.
And you lost sight of him from that time?
I did.
About eight you counted your flock, and they were all right?
Yes.
It was not till eight o'clock the next morning that you were enabled to ascertain whether you had lost any or not?
No.
The prisoner keeps a butcher's shop?
He did then.
The mutton you saw there was in a good state for butcher's meat?
Yes.
Such meat as butchers would buy?
Yes.
Garrow. What condition were your sheep in?
Very good condition.
They were in a condition that would very likely produce such mutton?
Yes.
I am one of the officers of Bow-street, and captain of one of the patroles; in consequence of a warrant from Bow-street, I went with the last witness, Mr. Bennett, to the public-house, and I saw a person pass me whom I did not know; Bennet pointed him out to me, or else it was another butcher said, that is the man: in consequence of that I followed him with another man up the street, I saw him go into another public-house; he was standing at a table, I called him out of the tap-room into a back parlour, I told him he must go home with me to his own house, he seemed to be very much astonished, he wanted to know for what; I did not say much, I did not tell him at that time, I said, I shall not expose you, go home with me, but go and drink your porter; he drank his porter, and came out with me and two others; going along he asked me what I wanted with him to go home; I then told him it was on suspicion of sheep-stealing; I cannot say what he said: when we came to the prisoner's house, Bennett followed me, and I saw some mutton hanging up in the shop; I asked him where he bought that mutton; I believe he said, am I obliged to tell you? I said no honest man, no tradesman would be ashamed to say where he bought his meat; will you, or will you not tell me? he said either, I will not, or I do not chuse; I saw a parlour-door, but would not open it, I demanded the key, that was before I went into the yard, I threatened to break it open, I did not get the key, I said to Sheppard, come with me; I ordered the man to be secured, and in the yard I found one sheepskin, I laid hold of it and spread it, there was a brand mark of J. S. Bennett said it was his master's; I then went into a little place like a washhouse, and in a tub there were four more skins, which Bennett said were his master's, and I believe there were five paunches; I saw a window, and I tried it, and it was fastened; I said immediately to Bennett, there is some of the live sheep here; I immediately went round into the house again, and demanded the key, or I would break open the door; the wife gave me the key; on opening that parlour-door I found three live sheep, they had the same brand mark, which made eight skins of that mark; I found no other live sheep there, nor any other skins; as soon as I went into the house again, to demand that key, I said I am sure there are some of the live sheep there; the prisoner said, yes, there are three.
Garrow. He had not given you that information before, that there were live sheep there?
No.
Your observation was, there are some of the live sheep there?
Yes; he said there were three.
You had called out to the man in whose custody you had left him, to take care of him, for you had found the skins?
Yes, I had.
Knowlys. The shop had the appearance of a butcher's shop?
Yes, there was mutton, and lamb, and beef.
The mutton was such as a butcher might sell with credit?
Yes.
Garrow. The skins were not in a condition to be produced in court?
I brought them to Bow-street, and they were a nuisance.
I am as innocent as any man in the world of depriving my prosecutor of his property, I knew not my way where that gentleman tells you he saw me, I was lost, I met the bailiff, and endeavoured to gain intelligence of him; I had business with Mr. Bell, who was not at home, I went to Hendon, to buy a cart for my use, but being full of customers I returned home, and about ten minutes past ten, a man that I had bought many pounds worth of goods from, came up and called me by my name; I thought I knew his face, I went down to the door, and it was a person that goes by the name of Joe, he fells a deal of goods in Smithfield, but does not employ a proper salesman, and always takes his money himself; he told me he had eight sheep, and would be glad I would buy them of him; I told him it was late in the evening, I could not think any thing about buying them, nor should I know the value; he called me by my name again, and said as they were lame with travelling, he would turn them into my premises, I might kill them at my leisure, he would leave the price entirely to me, and call again the first market-day he came to Smithfield; him and his boy went away, I had not the least idea in the world of their being stolen goods, I killed part of them, the skins were ready to go to the salesman when this gentleman came; Innocent as I was about the matter, I knew nothing about the business, I had not a better place to keep them in than in the little place, a place out of repair; the rest I meant to keep for a future time, for I had not the least idea in the world of their being stolen: I was taken into custody before the man came for the account.
