I am a publican in Goodman's-yard, Goodman's-fields : I lost a great number of pots; the prisoner worked in the house as a carpenter ; I found five pots in his apartment; I went into Mr. Briggs's shop, and he ran away out of one shop into another.
How do you know it was his apartment that you found them in?
His wife unlocked the door, and there they were found; I have not got them here; but I have got one here, (producing a pint pot) which I found upon him; I saw this taken from him in Mr. Briggs's shop, it has my name upon it, I am sure it is mine.
Was not that pot found in a common open shop?
He was pursued.
Upon your oath was it not found in the shop?
It was in the shop; and he told me he was very sorry he was guilty of such a thing.
Did not you tell him he had much better tell all about it, that you would be kind to him?
No; I should be very sorry to say that to him; he owned to every thing.
It was found in Briggs's open carpenter's shop?
He ran away; and he hid it under the shavings.
Did you see him do that?
I saw him run from one shop to the other as soon as ever he saw me.
Where was it found?
In Mr. Briggs's shop, by a chest.
Briggs's is an open shop, is it not?
Yes.
It is where a number of men work?
I pursued the man there, and found the pot.
If you choose to behave in that manner, I shall not condescend to ask you another question, but leave you with the Jury and let them judge of it.
I live with Mr. Broomhall; I saw the prisoner take a pint pot off the landing-place about six o'clock in the morning, and take it away.
Was it that pint pot?
I cannot say that it was that.
Did you go after him to his workshop?
No; my master did.
Do you know whether the pint pot that was in the window was your master's pot?
To the best of my knowledge it was.
Did you go to his lodgings?
No.
The prisoner worked for me two months; he worked one of the months at Mr. Broomhall's; I was informed he had stole a pint pot; I saw the pint pot found in the shop crammed behind his bench where he worked; I never suffer any beer to come into the shop.
He has worked well with you?
Yes, with good looking after; he was tried here last session, I believe, for stealing tools.
I am quite innocent of the charge; I was at Broomhall's at the time, but it never entered into my head to be guilty of so mean a thing as to steal a pint pot; it is a malicious thing of that girl against me.
