Did you know Abraham Winter ?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes. On Saturday the 3d of June, I was at the Royal-oak, in Whitechapel-road; my husband and I had been out to spend the evening, it was about half-past twelve o'clock when we entered the house; we enquired at the bar for a person we wanted, and he was not there; my husband said, we will go backwards into the parlour, and see if he is there; we went in, and there sat the prisoner at the bar, and the deceased.
Did they appear to be sitting on good terms or bad?
I cannot say, she came out, and I came out with her; we went about thirty yards down Whithechapel-road, and she cried to me upon the ill usage he gave her; I said, I would not stay with him; she then said, she would not stay with him, that on Friday evening, he came and used her very ill, broke and destroyed all she had in her place; she shewed me her left hand, it was very much swelled, and she said, that was through the ill usage she had had on Friday evening.
Were her arms black?
I do not know, she did not shew me her arms; we then returned to the house, and the prisoner and I had a glass of brandy each, at the bar, and a piece of bread, and then my husband and the deceased came out together with a pot of beer; my husband, and I, and the deceased, and the prisoner, all sat down together in a box, the deceased and the prisoner began to quarrel immediately after they sat down.
Were they man and wife, or did they only live together?
I did not know but what they were man and wife, till after the examination before the Magistrate.
Do you know how long they had lived together?
I look upon it, about two years; my husband said, what you have got to say, say at home, do not say it in a public-house.
What did he say to her?
He d-d her eyes and called her a b-h.
Did he charge her with any thing?
Not that I heard at that time; then he struck her in the face with his hands clenched; I made answer, and said, do not use the woman ill, for I know to my certain knowledge that she has been a wife to you, and a mother to your child, and then he struck her again; I called him a blackguard, upon that he struck me, and sent me almost the length of the settle, and then I threw the pot at him; and my husband said, do not strike her, I have had her ten years, and never struck her in my life, and you have no business to strike her; then he called me a w-e, and I said, I was none; he said, he was not the first Jew I had had.
What was the deceased?
A painter and glazier.
Was he a Jew too?
Yes; and then he called me w-e again, and we made a laugh at it, and we all sat down again; then they got to words again, and he said to her, I will make a small one of you; upon that, he took her by the left hand, and twisted her arm round, and fell a beating of her, then she took her arm from her right side, and made a blow at him, I thought with that it was with her hand, but presently after, he says, you have got a knife, he opened his breast, and the blood issued out; my husband said, let us be out of this, and then we went away.
The prisoner was dead before I saw him at the hospital; he had a wound in the right shoulder, which had wounded the auxilary artery, and perforated the lungs.
Which hand was it that she said, he had hurt?
The left arm.
Was that the arm that he twisted?
Yes.
