I am in the upholstery business ; I am a single woman . On the 21st of last November, I was robbed, Sunday morning, about half an hour after five; the gown was behind my bed under my head, the rest were in a bundle by my bedside, I was in bed at the time at my own lodgings; the prisoner was a lodger in the same room, she awaked me taking the gown from underneath the head of my bed; she slept in another bed in the same room, it was before daylight, about half after five; she awaked me, and I missed my things, all my things. I said, Oh, dear! Oh, dear! I have lost all my things; she made answer, I will get up and get you a light; she went down stairs to get me a light but never returned.
If it was so dark, how could you make your discovery that your things were gone?
My gown was under the head of my bed, and she awaked me in pulling it from under me, and I felt about immediately and missed my other things, they were altogether.
How soon did you see her after?
I see no more of her till I met her by chance in the street, three weeks after, and she had the gown on, and I stopped her and asked her how she could be so cruel to rob me of all my things? she said I was deceived in the person; I said, no, I am not, you know you have got my gown on now, and she made a laugh and ran away, and I catched hold of her and called the watchman.
Did you stop her at that time?
I did.
With the assistance of the watchman?
Yes.
Have you ever seen any of your things any where?
I went to the pawnbroker's and redeemed my apron myself, at my own expence, for I had not one to wear.
Is the pawnbroker here?
No. I told him my situation, and he told me I should not have them without I paid for them; the apron and handkerchief were pledged together for one shilling.
There is nobody here from the pawnbroker at all?
No.
Is that the only thing that you recovered?
Yes.
She told me at Marlborough-street if I would give her the things again she would forgive me; she is nothing but a girl of the town, has never done a stroke of upholstery for this twelve months.
I said if you will return me my things, I don't want to prosecute you.
I borrowed this woman's things to go as far as Hounslow in; there were three more beds in the room besides the bed where I slept in.
Who did you borrow them of?
Of Ann Edwards.
to Prosecutrix. Did you ever lend her the things?
No.
Do you get your livelihood by working at upholstery?
I do, and when I do not work at the upholstery I work at the army work.
You see the situation of this woman is a very critical one, I hope you are swearing that that is true. Had you any quarrel with this woman?
I have had no quarrel with her, she lived there a very little time.
Is the story you have told here true?
It is.
What induced the pawnbroker to give you the things? where had you the ticket from?
The prisoner gave me the ticket, and I got my apron out with it.
What upholsterers do you work for?
Mr. Morris, in St. Martin's-lane.
What time was it she gave you the ticket?
At the justice's, for the apron and handkerchief.
Was the ticket for the apron and handkerchief in one ticket?
Yes, they were.
My friends are all in the country, and I only came to London quite big with child.
