I live in Gray's Inn, I live with Mr. Sparkes.
Where was you on the 31st of December last?
Do you know how long he lived in the house?
I do not know how long he has lived there, I went there, and was with the prisoner some time, the prisoner lodged there, I went to enquire after a person that she told me was sure to be at her house, a person of the name of Marsh, a young man.
What time did you go there?
About twenty minutes before five, on Tuesday, the 31st of December, I stayed there till between twelve and one in the morning.
Did the person come that you expected?
No.
How came you to stay so late?
I could not go by myself away, being blind, and she went away and left me as soon as she robbed me.
What time did she go and leave you?
I cannot exactly say, it might be nine or ten, I heard no clock, and I cannot tell the time; there were two twenty-five pounds bank notes taken from me.
Who took them?
Hannah Binns, the prisoner, took them.
Any thing else?
box that they were in.
Where was that box?
In my bosom.
Did she take it out of your bosom?
Yes, I was set down on her bed, and she asked me to give her something to drink; I had then been there some time, and I had no money, I told her I had no money, but I had two twenty-five pounds bank notes in my bosom; I asked her
if she would go down and see if they could be changed, she went out and came back, and said that the man had no change, I then gave her the ring to go down and pledge, and get fifteen shillings on it; she went and kept the money, and brought some brandy, and gave me some, and drank some herself, afterwards I sat on the bed, and leaned on my bed, and she thought I was asleep, she put her hand into my bosom, and took the notes our; I said to her if you take them I must never go home no more; I wanted to take hold of her; but she got from me.
Were the notes your own?
Yes, but I said so because I knowed if I lost them it would cause such uneasiness in the family, and I was afraid I should always here of it, losing them in going into such a place.
Have you ever got your notes again?
No, neither of them, she sent a woman up stairs to take me down when she went away, and I charged the watch with that woman; when I came to the watch-house they detained me till I told who I was.
When did you hear any thing of the prisoner?
I believe it was about three weeks or a month after, when she was taken.
Did you ever have any part of your property?
No.
Miss Boyd, no property that you lost has ever been found?
No.
No charge was made against the prisoner till three weeks afterwards?
Yes, there was.
When you went to Parker's-lane, did not you go to the Golden Hart, a public house?
I did.
Who might you enquire for there?
For a Mrs. Birch, that she gave me the name of.
How long did you stay in the public house?
I did not stay long in the public house the day that I was robbed.
Did you take any refreshment there?
Yes.
What did you drink?
I drank a glass of brandy.
Perhaps you drank more than one glass?
No, I did not.
Who is this Mr. Marsh that you had a view of seeing is he not a person of very bad character?
It was unknown to me at first.
This Mr. Marsh you have heard has been transported from this very place?
I have.
How came you to go after him?
The way I got acquainted with Mr Marsh was, the prisoner lived in a house in Cary-street, I went to visit there, I was taken into the parlour, this Mr. Marsh was there, he passed as an excise man, and through that means I kept company with him for two or three months.
How long had you had these bank notes in your possession?
They were given me by my brother-in-law, the 29th.
How many had you?
Two.
Do you always make a point of carrying them about your person?
I carried them there because the person that I left in the chamber was an entire stranger to me.
Did you ever hear there was such a place as Parker's-lane before?
I never heard before, Monday.
Did not you find it was a common house, for the reception of women?
I understood that she was a married woman, and a bricklayer's wife.
You don't understand it so now?
I do not to my sorrow.
This property has never been found?
No, no further than she had it, and bought herself things with it.
You are blind, and never could see the prisoner at all?
No.
I know nothing about this business, I only know that I took two bank notes out of the iron box, and gave them to the prosecutrix.
Did the prosecutrix use to go to Parker's-lane?
Not that I know of, she lived in chambers with me.
I took the prisoner into custody the 29th of January, and searched her, and found nothing on her
I know nothing at all about this here woman.
