- I work for one Mr. Steele: On the 24th of July I had a drove of beasts under my care from Smithfield to Carnaby-market.
Whose were they?
They were several people's; I was to deliver them to different owners in Carnaby-market, and in the streets round; as I came up Holborn-hill, there was a parcel of men followed me; there might he twenty, or more; they surrounded me just before I got to Gray's-inn-lane, and turned one of them down Gray's-inn-lane; they found that bullock would not run; it turned round again to look for the others, and it came back again to the drove; I went on, and some of them followed behind me, till I got almost up to Queen-street, and then I met Mr. Johnson, the gentleman at the bar; he passed by me; there were two or three more; he was on one side of the beasts, and there was one dressed in black on the other side of them; between Queen-street and Southampton-street , Mr. Johnson got in between the beasts, and drove three of them away, by beating them with a stick he had in his hand; some body called to him, turn out the brindled bullock; a young man in Court helped to stop them, and said, he should not have them away.
Who is that young man?
Mr. Pitt; afterwards Mr. Johnson drove them down into Hart-street, and Pitt holloaed out to another butcher to stop those beasts, and he turned them down a gateway; his name is Watkins; and afterwards Mr. Johnson and two more ran down Hart-street away from them; we pursued them, and took Mr. Johnson in at a mercer's shop in Holborn; he went in there to look at a pattern-book; after that we took him to Bow-street.
Did you know any thing of the prisoner before?
No.
What became of the rest of those twenty people that were all together?
There were some before me and some behind me; three of them ran down Hart-street, two besides him; the other two ran down Holborn, and two made towards Bloomsbury-market.
How was the prisoner dressed at that time?
In a lightish coat, and a red waistcoat and boots.
What time was it?
As nigh as I can guess, about nine o'clock in the morning.
Never having seen the prisoner before, and being in a different dress than he is now, are you sure he is the man?
I am.
Did you never lose sight of him?
No, only while he went into the shop; he turned the corner, and the mercer's shop is a very little way from the corner.
Have you any doubt that the man you saw hovering about the cattle, was the same man that you took in the shop?
Yes, I am sure he was the person.
You are a servant to Steele?
Yes.
He employs others besides you?
Yes.
And he did on this day, did not he?
No; there was only a boy with me, George Jenkins.
He saw the whole of this?
No, he was not there the whole time.
He was employed to assist you?
No, he was not.
Steel himself is only a drover?
He is a master drover.
How many heads of cattle had you?
I cannot tell; there might be five or six-and-twenty; sometimes I have more.
You desired this lad to assist you in driving the cattle?
I asked him to come along home with me.
For no purpose?
None.
Not to assist you in driving the cattle?
No.
Do you mean to swear to that Jury, that you did not desire him to attend you home to assist you?
No, I did not.
How long have you been a drover in the City of London, attending Smithfield market?
I do not know how long; I have been off and on two or three years, to drive for Mr. Steele of a Monday.
Do you drive for any body else?
No.
Did you ever hear of a bullock being hunted before?
I have.
Did it ever enter into your mind, that because a parcel of young men hunted a bullock, they meant to steal it?
I cannot tell what he intended.
It is a nefarious practice, and I wish it was put an end to?
It is a pity but it was.
Upon your oath, did you believe this man meant to steal the bullock?
I cannot tell his meaning.
Upon your oath, have not your said since that time, that you believed be meant it for the purpose of hunting it, having no idea that he meant to steal it?
No, I did not say any thing of the kind.
You never said so?
Never.
Nor any thing like it, that he meant it merely for the purpuse of hunting, and not stealing it?
NO, I have not said so.
Never to any body?
No.
Have you said nothing of that kind to any body?
I believe I told Mr. Hanson that I did not think he meant to steal it.
And yet you have been denying it all the time-You know the brindle bullock you have been speaking of-Were you the person that told them to change that bullock, which was hunted out first in Gray's-inn-lane, for the brindle bullock, which was a fitter bullock to hunt?
I did not.
Upon your oath, you were not the person?
NO.
Did you hear that said by any of your party at that time?
No, by nobody then; I heard it said in Hart-street.
Upon your oath, was it not yourself?
No, it was one of the bullock-hunters.
How did you know in Hart-street, that he was one of the twenty that surrounded you at the bottom of Holborn?
He surrounded the bullock in both places.
Do not you know that he has surrendered to take his trial; that he was bailed before my Lord Kenyon? -
He surrendered in presence of the Jury.
- I am a butcher: On the 24th of July, I was going to deliver bills out for my master; I live in Theobald's-road; going across towards Hart-street, I saw three beasts running along; I saw it was a lot of bullock-hunters, about twenty of them, with sticks in their hands; they were running along; I heard one of them say, d-n your eyes, turn him out, it is the brindled bullock; Mr. Johnson was in amongst the three beasts, with a stick in his hand, picking this brindled bullock out, and he would not go out; I took the stick out of the drover's hand, Mumford, I knew him, and said, you shall not have the bullock; the first man that comes up, says I, I will knock him down, let him be who he will; there was a young fellow that is here; I called to him to stop the beast, and upon his coming up, Johnson made off, and he turned the beast down into a gateway; I do not know who it belonged to, but I did not like to see any man's property run away with; I pursued Johnson down Bow-street into Holborn, and we found him in a house looking at some waistcoat pieces; he begged and prayed that I would let him go, and I said, I should not.
Are you sure the person you saw amongst the three beasts, was the man you saw in the shop?
The man that I saw driving the three beasts, is Mr. Johnson, at the bar.
How far was he separate from the rest of the bullocks?
Two or three hundred yards, I suppose; I did not look to see where they were; I thought it my duty, if I possibly could save the man's bullock, to do it.
Where was it you met Mumford?
In Bloomsbury-square, leading into Hart-street.
Were these bullocks ever out of your fight?
No; I was within about four or five hundred yards.
So that the man, who was driving the other bullocks, might see it as well as yourself?
I do not know what the other man saw.
What time of the day was it?
It might be nine or ten o'clock.
That was a very busy time of the day?
No, it is a bye street; I suppose there were one hundred people surrounded us at least.
You took Mumford's stick out of his hand, and swore, that the first man that came up, you would knock him down?
Yes.
Then Mumford was willing they should be drove away?
No, only he is not a young fellow of any spirit at all.
Your resistance was in itself sufficient to stop them?
No, they dispersed.
If Mumford had been as active as you, would not they also have dispersed?
He was as active in many things.
The little spirit that you used, was sufficient to disperse them?
Yes; seeing us resolute, they dispersed.
You told us they appeared to you to be a parcel of bullock-hunters?
Yes; they meet people, and take people's property, and drive them at night, till they have been killed.
You had no idea that he meant to do any thing more than hunt it?
I do not know what he meant to do.
You took him to Bow-street, did not you?
Yes.
Did not you take him to his father's?
No, I did not.
Do not you know there is a penalty of forty shillings upon the conviction of a person hunting bullocks?
No.
Have you never heard of it?
No; I never heard there was any panalty.
Had you any conversation with the prisoner's father?
No; I was sent for to a house in Bow-street; Carpmeal and I were in company with the prisoner's father, and they treated me with wine.
Did not you tell the prisoner's father, that if he would give you as much as the penalty, you would not appear against him?
No.
Were you not in the Brown Bear public house?
No.
What is the house that Carpmeal keeps?
I cannot recollect.
You have never laid a wager that you would convict that man here to-day?
No; I did not.
You have not laid a wager that he would be convicted?
Yes, I have; I was in a public-house with a friend of Johnson's, and he began upon me, saying I had been bribed; that I had been offered forty guineas, and would not take less than one hundred; he would lay us a guinea to a shilling he was done nothing to, and I accepted the bet.
- I am a butcher: On the 24th of July, I was coming down Hart-street, about nine o'clock in the morning, I met three beasts in Bloomsbury-market, and Johnson was in amongst them, driving them along, and there were several more people cried out, turn out the brindled bullock from amongst the three; the last witness ordered me to stop the three beasts, and I ran before them, I stopped them, and turned them down a gateway; and when I turned them down the gateway, one of his companions seemingly, took out a knife, and swore he would cut me down, if I did not let the beasts go by; I said, I would not let the beasts out, and several people gathered round; and when they saw the people gather round, they ran away; we went after this young man, and took him in Holborn.
Were you employed by steel, the butcher, to assist in taking home these beasts?
No.
Were you desired by Mumford, to assist in driving them home?
No.
Were you in Court while Mumford was examined?
Part of the time.
You had perhaps attended bullocks from Smithfield before?
I never made a practice of it; I have brought home a bullock or two.
It has been your misfortune perhaps to see that improper practice of bullock-hunting, before now?
Yes, I have.
Did you observe now at this time, that this was meant as bullock-hunting?
I could not tell what was meant, but as there were but three beasts, it made me doubt what they intended.
But you told my Lord that it was meant to single out the brindled bullock?
Yes; they said so.
If you were in doubt before that time as with respect to the three, I suppose you had no doubt about it then?
I could not tell what it was.
You had a doubt, seeing the three bullocks drove along together, whether that was for bullock hunting; now when you knew that single bullock was singled out, what did you think of it then?
I thought it was to be drove away.
Will you swear now that you believe it was singled out for the purpose of stealing it?
No; I will not swear that.
Do you take upon yourself to swear positively that it was not for the purpose of bullock-hunting, and bullock-hunting only?
I cannot say.
- I am a tallowchandler, in St. Martin's lane; I saw Mumford at Serjeant's-Inn coffee-house, when I went to be bail for Mr. Johnson; after talking some little time, he said, he did not think Mr. Johnson had any in tention in the world to steal the bullock, but only meant to have a little sport; I heard him repeat the same words two or three times before we went to Lord Kenyon's chambers.
