I am a lighterman; I know the prisoner exceeding well; he is master of a barge that comes from below Ware; his barge and my two barges were all lying together, on the 11th of October, safe, at Cox's ways, near Lime-house-bridge ; they were safe between nine and ten at night.
Was the headfast of the King safe?
It was; I went the next morning between six and seven, and found the King and the Four Brothers adrift; I immediately went on board the King barge to see if the headfast was safe, I found it was cut; I went home and got my breakfast, and enquired of a man what barge it was that lay along side the night before, and I found it was Richard Johnson's; I went after the barge, and met with her taking in coals on board a ship at Ratcliffe-cross; I went on board the barge, and looked down in his cabin; I asked him if he had seen any thing of the barges, and he said, he had left them safe, that he did not cut them adrift; he told me I should not search his barge till I had a warrant, and I went and informed Mr. Richardson, and left a boy on board; and when I came back, going into Johnson's barge, I saw the headfast lying under his hatches, which he pulled out himself, and said, that is not your rope, it is the rope I bought, and gave 18d. for it; he bought it of a purl-man.
What might be the value of it?
Before it was cut, about 5s. it is not worth above 18d. now; then Mr. Richardson and Mr. Cooke came up, and he told Mr. Cooke he had bought it of a purl-man.
What is a purl-man?
A man that sells purl and beer about; and Mr. Cooke took him into custody.
Are you sure that is the headfast that belonged to the King?
Yes; and that is the property of Mr. Richardson.
Had you made any particular examination of this rope before hand?
Yes; part of the rope was left upon the barge.
But are not all the barge ropes much of the same sort?
Some are thicker, and some laid in a different form; some hawser laid, and some shrowd laid.
All that you can say, is, that it is the same sort of rope?
Yes.
Are there not thousands of barges in the river, with the same sort of rope?
Yes; for I have got five.
Did you compare the two?
Yes; and they fitted.
I am a police-officer: In consequence of a search-warrant, I went with Mr. Richardson, on board the prisoner's barge, the rope was then on deck; I told the prisoner I came on board to search for a headfast; he said, there was a headfast, and he had bought it of a purl-man; I asked him if he knew his name, he said, no; if he had, he should not have bought it; and then I took him before a Magistrate, and there he said the purlman had picked it up in the mud.
Was there any mud about it?
No; there was water, but no mud. (The rope produced.)
This is the rope, and this is what was left upon the barge; they correspond exactly.
I went to Ratcliffe-cross, after I had got a warrant, with Cooke, to the prisoner's barge; this headfast was the property of my father and myself; Barlow is our labourer.
Do you know any thing of this man?
I never heard any thing to his advantage; I have heard a great deal to his disadvantage.
Here is a little boy that saw me buy the rope.
What is your age?
Thirteen.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
No.
