- I am the wife of the Reverend Samuel Dent : In the month of August last, I sent some boxes and trunks to Mr. Millington's, we were going out of town; I opened one particular box of linen, and took out a coverlid which was at the top; I found it locked, and corded the same as I had sent it; I left it locked, but not corded.
Was the lock firm as usual?
It was; the box was so full it would hardly shut down; in the December following, I went to Mr. Millington's again, with my nephew, Mr. Gilmour; the prisoner opened the door, and upon my seeing her, I did not know her; I asked who she was; she said, she was Betsy Bennet , the daughter of the cook, who lived with my brother; I opened the box, and as soon as I opened it, I observed there was very little in it; I had left it full, and had kept the key of the box all along; I missed a table cloth, and a great quantity of other things; that is the only thing that we have been able to trace.
This child, I believe, is about sixteen or seventeen years old?
I do not know; she was daughter of the cook: Upon my brother going into the country, she came to the house.
She told you her right name, Betsy Bennet?
Yes.
It was a considerable time ago?
Last October.
There is only one thing that you are able to identify?
Only one that I can swear to.
How long was that property your's?
For several years.
- I had the care of Mr. Millington's house, in August last; the prisoner's mother lived as cook in that family; she was discharged, but continued to lodge in the house till she got a place.
How came the prisoner at the bar to sleep in Mr. Millington's house?
She came to sleep with her mother; she had a lodging to pay for at the time.
And you gave her leave to sleep in the house?
No, I did not give her leave, her mother brought her without there leave.
Was the prisoner there from October till December last?
She had access to all parts of the house; whenever I went out, I left either the mother or daughter in the house.
The mother has as much access to all parts of the house as the daughter?
Yes.
Having been a servant in the house, she knew where all the property was?
Yes.
Did you never employ this child yourself for any errands?
No; never.
- I am a pawnbroker, No. 8, Bulstrode-street, Mary-le-bonne: The prisoner brought things to my shop very often; (produces a table cloth) ; this was pledged with me on the 23d of November.
Are you sure it was the prisoner?
Yes; she was often backwards and forwards with her own clothes, but never brought any table linen to my house but that; it was redeemed from me on the 11th of February.
- I went to Mr. Lightfoot's to take out a table cloth, it was on a Thursday, I think; I cannot recollect what month it was.
By whose directions did you go to fetch that table-cloth?
The prisoner's.
What did you pay?
Nine shillings; she told me it was left to her by a deceased uncle, and when she was of age, 201. a year for life; she directed me to go to Mr. Lightfoot's, and ask him if he bought such things out of pledge; I did ask him, and he told me he never did till it was redeemed; I came back and told her, and then I went and redeemed it; the prisoner desired me to sell it; I went and sold it to Mr. Gardiner, who keeps a sale shop, for sixteen shillings; I gave the prisoner the money.
Do you know the mother of the prisoner?
No.
- I bought a table cloth of the last witness, this is it.
This is my table cloth.
This is the table cloth I had of the prisoner; she pawned it in the name of Drummond.
