- I am servant to Mr. Robert Shaw, baker , No. 14, Cambridge-street, St. James's: I had left my basket the corner of Rathbone-place , on Monday, I think it was the the 2d of September, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon; I went to two or three customers that I had in Charlotte-street, I returned in about ten minutes; I saw the prisoner at the bar lift up the sack which covered my basket, and take out two quartern loaves; I immediately followed him about twenty yards, took him by the collar, and told him he had robbed me of these two loaves now produced in Court; he made a scuffle, and wanted to get from me; he said he was much in distress, and wished I would let him go; I told him I had lost so much bread at that place before, that I believed he was the person that had stole it; he dropped the two loaves, and I took them up and delivered them into the custody of a constable that came up.
This man told you he was very much distressed?
Yes.
Did not you find out, afterwards, that that was very true?
Yes.
You found out what family he had?
Yes.
That he was the distressed man that he professed to be?
Yes.
You left your basket and went to a distance?
Yes; I might have gone an hundred and fifty yards.
And you left your basket open as a bait for every distressed man that might come?
I had a sack over it.
But that sack was loose?
It was sewed on in one place.
You found that he was a distressed man?
Yes.
What family had he?
His wife came to my master, and said she had three children, but she had but one with her.
I am a poor man, with three small children, and my wife very near lying in again in the workhouse; I have buried six.
I live in Bow-street, Bloomsbury, I am a painter and glazier; I have known him twenty years, and know his family.
Has he been reduced a great deal in the world?
Yes, by a large family; he is a very honest industrious man, he was formerly a gentleman's servant, lately he has been in different employments, as porter.
What family has he?
A wife and three children.
- I have known the prisoner about a year and a half, he has always been a very sober and industrious man since I have known him; he has a wife and three children, and his wife big again. NOT GUILTY .
