I have a partner James Green ; we are potters and glass-sellers in Thames-street .
In consequence of any information, did you miss any glasses?
I did; in looking into some particular binns, we had suspicion for a long time; in consequence of which, we discharged two servants; we missed the glasses immediately on the information. I missed twenty six glass-sellers.
Did you miss eighty-nine glass pepper castors?
I don't know particularly.
What day of the month was this?
Friday, the 22d of November.
In consequence of that information, what was done?
I immediately went to Mrs. Thomas, in Ivy-lane, Newgate-street; she is a witness. When I came, I saw twenty glass salts, and eight pepper castors.
Who shewed them to you?
Mr. Thomas.
Did they answer the description in the indictment?
They did.
When you saw them there at Mr. Thomas's did you know they were your property?
I am well convinced they were my property.
Had you any other in your warehouse of the same pattern as those?
many
I am now speaking of the pepper castors?
I have no doubt but they are my property, but they are general in the trade.
Besides the pepper castors did you see any thing else at Mrs. Thomas's?
Nothing but the pepper castors, and twenty salts. With respect to the whole I am well convinced they are mine; I am at a certainty about it, that they belong to me.
Will you state to the court some of the glass salts, why you are able to swear to them?
From a particular mould, which is a mould of our own making; another circumstance convinces me, that part of them are my property, there being never any of the kind in London besides, and none of them having been sold; I mean two of one pattern, and one of another, that I can speak to.
When you saw the glass cellars and pepper castors, were they delivered over to you by Mrs. Thomas?
They were offered to be delivered up to me; Mrs. Thomas kept them till such times as an officer came and took them from her.
How long afterwards was the prisoner taken up?
It was on the Friday, that I received the information, and it was the Friday evening that he was taken up.
You have no other person that is interested in your trade, except Mr. Green?
No one at all.
You say you missed twenty six salt cellars; you have only been able to find twenty, and these twenty of several different patterns?
No.
You never saw these in the possession of the prisoner?
I certainly did not.
Do you swear that you missed any of the salts?
I do.
Did you miss them from any particular spot, or do you mean to say you was deficient in number?
I missed some things in the indictment before the prisoner was taken.
I ask you with respect to these salts?
I missed them from the binn, where we keep the articles in.
I live at No. 16, Ivy-lane, Newgate-street.
Do you know Mr. Limpus, the last witness?
I never knew him till he came to my house on Friday evening, the 22d of last month; the goods were brought to me, by one Mrs. Batty, the salts and silver top things; I detained the party, and did not buy them; she said, she had lent a man ten shillings on them. I asked her to go backward, I had a customer in the shop; after Mrs. Batty had brought these pepper castors, she went away.
Did you purchase them?
No, nor bid her any price.
How many salts were there?
Twenty-eight articles in all, salts and peppers.
How many salts?
Eight, and four blue.
Were they the same you shewed to Mr. Limpus?
Yes. I went first to Mr. Neale, and asked him if they were his? and the constable afterwards came and took them with him.
How many were delivered to the constable?
The whole twenty eight articles that are here now. I went to Mr. Neale, and told him that such things were brought to me for ten shillings, and he sent one of his young men up to me, and he asked for four of them, to take and shew. He asked me leave, whether he should take the four?
Did he bring them back to you?
He did with the owner, and the owner said they were his.
Were those that he brought back again the same that he took away?
For any thing that I know they were.
Do you believe them to be the same?
I do.
When they were brought back the prosecutor said they were his property?
He did.
I belong to Messrs. Neale and Bailey's, glass warehouse, St. Paul's Church-yard.
Do you know the last witness, Mrs. Thomas?
Yes.
Do you remember her coming to you at any time, and when?
I was not within, I was out at breakfast, when I came in I was desired by Mr. Neale to go to Ivy-lane, to Mrs. Thomas, for a basket of glass that was to be sold, I went and looked at them, I saw they were not the property of Neale and Bailey, but I supposed from the work whose they were; I took two or three of them out, and waited on Messrs. Green and Limpus, in Thames-street, the prosecutors.
When you had been there did you bring them back again, or where did you take them to? what sort were they?
pepper castor, and two salts I think I carried with silver, or silver plated tops.
After you had been there what did you do then?
Mr. Limpus and I went to Mrs. Thomas together, this was in the afternoon that Mr. Limpus and I went to Mrs. Thomas's, I think it was on Friday week, the same day I was there in the morning, about three weeks ago.
When you went back to Mrs. Thomas's I take it for granted you took these salts back again with you?
I did. We looked the whole of them over, then they were left there at Mrs. Thomas's; I went with Mr. Limpus for a constable, we got a constable and went to the house of a Mrs. Batty, of whom Mrs. Thomas said she received them, and I stopped there while the constable and Mr. Limpus went and apprehended the man.
I want to know just for form sake, whether the same articles you took away, were the same articles you brought back again to Mrs. Thomas?
They were the same.
You don't know whether you took two, three, four, five, or six salts with you?
There were not more than three, two or three salts and a pepper castor.
You took them to Green and Limpus?
Yes,
Do you know how many hands they past through?
I laid them on the desk for Mr. Limpus to look at, they were never out of my sight.
Did you tell Mrs. Batty to call again?
I did not.
Did you intimate to her that you was dissatisfied about the things?
I did not upon my word.
Did she call again for them?
She called again on Friday.
Did you assign any reason for keeping the things?
I did not.
After that did she come at any other time for the things?
No, she never came any more.
Was there any desire on her part to take them away?
Her desire was for me to make what I could of them, she only wanted ten shillings.
I live at No. 21, Thames-street. I keep a small bit of a cook's shop. The prisoner came and honestly desired me, about ten days before this gentleman came to me, as nigh as I can guess, he honestly desired me to lend him half a guinea, he was going to buy something, that he said, he should clear as much more by it? I told him I had not so much money to lend, and if I had I did not chuse to lend it; and then he said he would leave me three times the value in my hands, and pay me again in two or three days. I went to the door and out of the passage, and there I searched my pocket, and gave him all the silver I had in my pocket, which was eight shillings and six-pence. There was a man there with a bag, the man was in the passage, at the side of the door, he gave the money that I gave him out of his hand into that man's hand, and he gave me the basket, and I went in.
How came he by the basket?
It was either close by the bag or taken out of the bag, I don't know which, the prisoner gave it me, and bid me take care of it till he gave me the money, and he would give it me in a day or two's time.
Did you take it?
I did, I took it into the house.
When you got into the house did you see what was in it?
I never saw the bottom of it, I saw the top of it; I never saw what quantity was in it.
What was contained in the basket?
Glasses.
Wine glasses?
No, some pepper castors, and some salts, some white and some blue.
When you took this into the house, what did you do with the basket?
I went in and went to dinner, in about ten minutes after, the prisoner sent his wife to borrow eighteen-pence more; I kept it ten days, at the expiration of this ten days I took it to Mrs. Thomas's, to ask her the value of it, and I told her I had lent ten shillings on it, I asked her if it was in her way, and what the value of it was.
How long did you leave it at Mrs. Thomas's before you went there again?
I left it there on Wednesday, and went there again on Friday, Mrs. Thomas then told me it was called for.
Did you leave the basket there?
I did, all as it was.
Was it ten days from the time that he delivered it to you before you took it to Mrs. Thomas?
Yes.
So the prisoner came to you and asked you for some money, and he gave the money to the hands of this man, he then received the basket and gave it to you, and home; me after you carried it to Mrs. Thomas? has any application been made to you, not to tell the real truth of this story?
When I was waiting at the grand jury the master said it was not worth while to speak any thing in the prisoner's behalf. for he thought he certainly was the robber.
Is the story that you have told us of the money being put into the man's hand, and the basket being taken from the man, and put into your hand, true?
It is.
You are sure that Mr. Limpus said that you have just stated in the jury room?
He did.
I never said such a thing.
Mrs. Thomas was present.
Mrs. Thomas, you have heard what these witnesses have been saying, did you hear any thing?
I heard Mr. Limpus say, she should say the truth, and make as little of it as she could.
Are you sure that was the expression?
It was that she was to speak the truth, that the prisoner delivered the glasses to her, and make it as short as she could.
I was called upon by Mr. Limpus and Mr. Neale's man, on Friday the 22d of November; I went to Mrs. Batty's, I asked Mrs. Batty if the had received a basket of china? the said yes, she described the man to Mr. Limpus and me, and we went to Mr. Limpus's, and the prisoner was called up, and I took the prisoner to Mrs. Batty's, and I asked her if that was the man that brought the basket to her, and the said, that was the man that brought the basket to her; and I went to Mrs. Thomas's and took the basket by Mr. Limpus's direction; Mr. Neale's man went with me, there were twenty eight pieces in it, I have got them here, they were delivered to me by Mrs. Thomas, they have never been out of my custody since.
When you apprehended the prisoner, did the prisoner say any thing to you?
He said that he never took a basket to Mrs. Batty's.
He said he never gave Mrs. Batty a basket?
He said he never took one there.
That makes no difference, he said he never took a basket, and that is very true he never did.
I can swear to one pair of salts, and one other, the others being general articles, I have not a doubt, but I will not swear to them.
Do you mean to say that you missed salts of the same sort?
Yes, of that very pattern.
You deal largely in these articles?
We do.
Your partner has the power of selling as well as yourself and others?
We scarcely ever suffer any servants to sell but ourselves, seldom such an occasion does happen.
But sometimes they do?
They do.
Keep your examination to these three.
Might not your partner have sold these?
No, he was out of town for above a month, there were but twelve at first, and we had a customer wished to have six of that very pattern. On examining I found but four of them.
How many of these of which you lost two, have you sold since the time the pattern came into your possession?
They were but twelve of them sold in the country.
How many of this single one have you?
We have four of them, we had twelve at first, eight of them are gone into the country.
Where they have travelled since you don't know?
It is impossible.
How long ago did you send them into the country?
It is impossible I can charge my memory with it.
Therefore whether this is one of those eight you cannot tell? there is no distinction between this and one of the same pattern?
I can speak to having lost one of that article, and that in so late a time is impossible; I cannot speak swear to any more than from the circumstance of my having lost one, I have not a doubt but that it is the one that I lost.
Have you the other three at home?
I have one in my pocket and two at home, that corresponds to it.
You cannot tell where they are gone?
I can by referring to my books.
But that would not tell where they travelled to after they were out of your possession? can you tell me how long ago it is since you sold the eight of this pattern?
I cannot.
Therefore they might have been circulating about the country for months, or years?
I cannot say they have not.
Therefore I take it for granted you cannot swear but this is one of the eight, having been out of your hands perhaps for years?
It is not many years, for the pattern has not been made but a few months.
How many had you first of these blue pair?
hundred and six, we have now thirty-two of them; they have been sold since my partner has been in the country, about a month ago.
How many have you sold of this pattern?
Forty-eight, and there is a deficiency of twenty-six.
Where those twenty-six have got it is impossible for you to say; you tell us that you turned away two servants on suspicion?
I have, but I have reason to believe the men were innocent.
If they had chose to be dishonest, they might have taken these, and circulated them, they had the power of doing it?
They had.
You missed twenty six salts, you only was able to find twenty, this whole lot amounted only to twenty?
I don't know, I have not counted them; I have only found two out of the articles that I had missed twenty-six.
Pray what is the value of these salts?
Three shillings and six-pence.
What may be the value of all that is contained in the basket?
About thirty shillings.
