I lost a pair of breeches on the 1st of June, at Mr. Fossits, Park-lane , they were corderoy breeches lined with leather; it might be about twelve o'clock in the day, I hung them up in the hostry where our saddles and bridles hang the first of June about twelve o'clock; I missed them about twelve o'clock; I knew him before and had a suspicion of him; I did not hear any thing of him till the 18th of June, when I met him in Park-lane with the breeches on him; I did not know where he lived or where he lodged, he was very often about our yard, we had missed a great many things before, and every body supposed that he was the person; I saw him at the place, at the same time I hung the breeches up.
Was he never in the yard from the 1st to the 18th?
Not to my knowledge; when I met him I was leading a horse up in my hand, and I met him coming down the lane, he had been in the yard during the time I was out, so I saw him coming along and I looked at him, and I found he had my property on him; I sent for a constable and he took them into possession.
How did you know the breeches?
By the marks, I am quite sure they are my breeches, the constable William Fenn , has got them here.
He either offered me to let me pay eight shillings for the breeches or give him them again.
He offered me his trunk to pay for the breeches, he has a trunk up in our yard.
Did you offer to take eight shillings?
I did.
And to let him go if he would give you eight shillings?
I did. While he was up stairs there was a young man that see him hide a paper and they found this paper and searched it and there was twenty-two duplicates in it.
I know nothing more than being sent for to take this man into custody; I have got the breeches and have had them ever since.
No man can speak a word against my character, except about these breeches; about the 17th of May I left two pair of old breeches in that place which were not worth much; on the 3d of June or 4th, I went to see for my breeches and could not find them, by looking about I found these in the hostry and took these to put them on while I had another pair mended; I takes these to the breeches maker's, which the prosecutor knows at the time I changed them, afterwards I wore these breeches and did not know but they were my own when I took them. I have no witnesses because I expected it would have been made up, because I sent a person to Mr. Fossit yesterday morning, and he said it would come to nothing.
