I am a music master , at St. Alban's, the prisoner was chamber-maid , at Danton's Hotel , in Panton-square ; when I have business in town, I generally frequent that Hotel.
Did you, at any time, leave any of your cloaths in the hands of this servant?
Yes, several times; I left my cloaths there, about the latter end of May; I left a coat and waistcoat, and a pair of kerseymere breeches, two pair of silk stockings, and a night shirt.
In whose immediate care did you leave them?
I cannot say that I had left them in the immediate care of anybody; I have generally left them in the prisoner's care, and have always found them safe.
Was there only one chamber-maid?
I cannot say, I have seen another woman about the house, but I cannot saw who she is.
When was it you had occasion to send to London for these cloaths?
I wrote, I think, on the 13th of June; I did not send for any thing but the kerseymere breeches and the stockings; I am not positive whether I wrote for the other things or not.
Have you ever been able to discover them since?
No.
What colour was your coat?
A blue cloth coat.
Have you never found any of these things?
I have not.
You had been accustomed to use this house, you have left things under her care, and always found them correct when you returned?
I have.
Whether you left these things in her care, you do not know?
I do not recollect where I left them; I have sometimes left things loose and careless, and always found them right.
I was servant at Mr. Danton's, the prisoner was my fellow-servant; I left Mr. Danton's on the 8th of June; I never saw Mr. Sharman till he was sent for on this occasion.
Do you recollect being desired to brush any coat?
Yes; the prisoner at the bar desired me to brush a coat, two days before I left; it was a blue coat; she said she had a coat belonging to a gentleman that came to town once a month, and left his things in her care, and she asked me to brush it for her, as I was brushing a coat of my own, and I did brush it, and returned it to her.
Do you ever recollect, during the time you lived there, having had a coat to brush before?
I was only there a week, and I believe I brushed another in the course of that week besides.
Is that a much frequented house?
Yes; by Frenchmen.
How many lodgers have they?
Only four when I was there.
How came you to leave the service on the 8th of June?
Mr. Danton told me he had missed two table spoons, and should insist upon their being found, it was about half past twelve, and I told him if I had left them any where, it must have been in the lady's bed room that I had waited upon, and it was not then a proper time to go into a lady's bed-room, but I would look the next morning for them, but they could not be found.
The prisoner lived with me between five and six months, and lately I missed many things, and I suspected her, and sent her away on the 8th of June, on account of these two spoons; I delivered Mr. Sharman's coat to the prisoner, to put to the remainder of his things; after the cloaths were missed, I found her out, and asked her if she knew any thing of the cloaths, and she said she had left them in the drawers, in the room Mr. Sharman had slept in.
Who delivered up the keys of these drawers to you?
The girl.
Had any body else access to them?
No.
Do you know whether she did, or did not leave them there?
No; I never opened the drawers.
Gentlemen. You have heard this case, and you will dispose of it.
