I wish to ask you whether you had a man that bore a better character in your house?
I never knew him bear a bad character before this.
Mr. Seddons gave him the same character before the Alderman?
I believe he did.
I am one of Messrs. Seddons foremen, these articles are not in my department; I was going into a warehouse where these kind of goods are kept, on Monday evening last, on endeavouring to open the door, I felt the door press against me, I pushed the door with more force, and opened it, at the time the door opened, I heard something, I looked behind the door, and saw the prisoner at the bar stooping down behind the door;
asked him what he did there? and what he had got there? he made me no answer, be thed stood up.
Was there light enough to see this?
I had a light; he then took up the piece of cloth, and carried it towards the opposite end of the room; there is a counter at the opposite end of the room, which is for the use of the room, in cutting out different kind of articles in the upholstery business. I followed him, thinking he would put the cloth on that counter, he passed the counter, and went up the other side of the room, towards the end where I first see him, he then came round, to nigh the same way that he went first.
What time might this be?
Between the hours of seven and eight; then he went down to the counter, and placed it on the counter, I followed him, took the piece of cloth up as he had put down; he then made a return towards the door that I came in at; I followed him part of the way, and seeing him go that way towards the door, I put it down on the counter again, where I had took it up from, he then came back, seemed very much agitated, and confessed he was very sorry for what he had done, he was very sorry for what I had catched him at; I saw him out of the room, double locked the door, and communicated the circumstance to Mr. Shackleton.
What was his business in the house?
A porter .
Had he any thing to do in that room?
Not at that time of night as I know of. After this Mr. Shackleton and Mr. Seddon's sons came up to the prisoner, Mr. Seddon's sons asked him if he had any accomplice? this was the first question Mr. Seddon asked him.
Had Mr. Seddon told him it would be better for him to tell all the truth about it?
That I cannot recollect.
Will you swear that he did not?
It is not clear to me that he said it, but I will not take my oath that he did not.
Was that all that passed?
No, it was not.
How did the conversation begin
I nat was the first that I heard Mr. Seddon speak to him.
Did not he afterwards add that it would be better for him, if he would tell all that passed?
Not that I know of.
He asked if he had any accomplices, what did he say then?
He said he had not; he then asked him if he had taken any thing before, and pawned it? and begged that he would give the pawnbroker's name up; he declared he had not taken any thing, nor never pawned any thing, I believe them are the very words, Mr. Seddon desired me to go and fetch a constable, to go and search his apartment, and then I left him.
What was this piece?
It is a piece called irish.
Do you know it from that description?
I do not of my own knowledge.
You say this room is not in your department?
The upholstry branch is not in my department.
You found him, you say, behind the door?
The door opened on him.
Now at that time where was this linen?
It was on the floor, close to his legs.
Now you cannot tell where that linen was before?
No, I cannot.
You have not the afforting of the linen, nor the disposing of it, the thing may get out of its place, or be mislaid, and you not know any thing about it?
It may.
Therefore where that piece was before, you cannot say?
Not of my own knowledge.
I am an upholsterer, I know nothing more than that the private mark of the outside cover is my hand writing.
What was done with that piece that you took from that room?
I put it into the constable's possession.
I am a constable, I produce a piece of linen, I received it out of the room by the hands of Mr. Smart and Mr. Shackleton.
I know it is our property.
I had a key to go in and out of every room in the house, between the hours of six in the morning and eight at night.
