I am a salesman in that part of Houndsditch which is in the city, in partnership with William Cheney Prosser; the prisoner was our porter; the partnership was dissolved on the 20th of last February, In consequence of an information the latter end of February, I can not tell the exact day, I found I had lost some of my property.
Was that information before or after the dissolution of the partnership?
A few days after; I went with an officer, Mr. Sapwell, and took up the porter; he was searched, but nothing of any property of mine was found upon him; he was taken to the Compter, and the next day examined by the Lord-Mayor.
At the dissolution of the partnership what became of the property, did it become your's?
Yes.
When did you dissolve the partnership?
On the 20th of February.
Did your partner dwell in the house before that?
He hid.
Then he left it?
He did.
Did you go any where before you went to the Lord-Mayor to make any search?
I don't recollect that I did; Sapwell, the constable, went with me afterwards to the prisoner's lodgings, Sparrow-corner, Tower-hill; we searched his lodgings and found two small pieces of linen cloth, upon one of which was my private mark, it was found in a room that had the appearance of a kitchen, in a drawer; I am quite certain it was my property; we did not find any thing else.
You dissolved the partnership on the 20th of February?
Yes.
How did you settle the matter?
I paid him his proportion of the profits, and took upon me the property, and all the debts; the agreement left the whole of the property with me; I was to pay for it as soon as the attorney had drawn out the deed, that was in about ten days, or a fortnight; I believe, not a fortnight.
That was after the prisoner was in custody?
It was.
You are in a large wholesale way of business?
Yes.
You supply a great variety of shop-keepers with different articles?
I do.
When had you seen this piece of cloth, before you saw it in his lodgings?
I cannot say.
You are in the habit of selling large quantities of linen of that sort?
I do, when made up, feldom otherwise.
Upon goods of the same description and price, you put the same kind of mark?
Yes.
You cannot say whether you had sold this particular piece formerly or not?
I cannot say.
You have a considerable number of persons in your employ?
Yes.
There are a great many fragments about the house of course?
Yes; I had not missed the things.
Whether they were taken from your house at one time, or separate times, you cannot pretend to say?
I cannot; I would have it understood, that all the property was not in the situation of this linen.
When you sell your goods, you neither take off your marks nor your tickets?
No.
Of course, if this had been sold, it would have continued its mark?
It would.
This man has lived a number of years with you?
I believe six years, with a short interval.
Had you sold this linen to your servant?
Certainly not.
I live at No. 2, Sparrow-corner; I know the prisoner perfectly well, he did live in the house where I live, before me; I have known him six years.
Do you know a person of the name of Carey, who was taken up on this charge?
Yes; I saw Carey in the prisoner's apartment once, but the prisoner was not there at the time; I saw them once together in the street, last Christmas-day.
Did you ever see them again on any other occasion?
Never in my life.
You are Mr. Brounger's cutter?
Yes.
In the course of cutting out pieces, there are small remnants?
Yes, now and then.
Remnants of duck sheeting?
Very feldom, sometimes there are.
Do you ever give any of those articles away?
Never to my knowledge.
By Mr. Brounger's orders you may have done such a thing?
Yes.
What is the value of duck sheeting?
About 2s. 8d. now; it was sometime ago about 14d. a yard.
I have known the prisoner about six or seven years, and I know Carey very well; I drank with the prisoner and Carey at Mr. Thompson's, a public-house, the sign of the Bell, in Church-row, two or three times; the last time I drank with them was about four years ago, but I have not seen them together within these twelve months.
You have known the prisoner six or seven years?
Yes; I never heard any hurt of him till now.
I live at Bethnal-Green; I am a lawyer, and work for Mr. Ryson; I know the prisoner, and I know Carey; the prisoner lodged at the top of Tower-hill; I don't know the person that lives below stairs; it is the top of Rosemary-lane; about eight in the evening of the day that Mr. Carey was taken up, it was dark, I went with him to the prisoner Randall's house; he was not at home at first; we went away a little while, and Randall came in; he asked me how I did, and how Carey did, and then he and Carey went into another room; Mrs. Randall asked me to have some rum or brandy, and then we all came away together to Carey's house, No. 9, North's-place, Bethnal-green; Carey asked me to carry a bundle to Mrs. Patrick's, at the bottom of the George Gardens, Bethnal-green, and then Mr. Randall and I came back again, and Randall took a bundle down to the George Gardens; he left it at the gate, and desired me to carry it in.
What time was that?
Past eleven o'clock.
Did you go alone the first time to Patrick's house?
Yes, then Randall went with the next and carried it to the gateway, and asked me to take it in, which I did; they were largish bundles.
What became of Carey?
We left him at his house; we went back again, and there was another bundle; Randall took that to Mrs. Patrick's gateway, and I took it in; I could not tell what they contained; with the last bundle we all three went; I left them facing the Salmon and Ball in Bethnal-green road, and went home to bed.
Did you ever learn from Randall and Carey what the bundles contained?
No.
Randall did not know any more than you what they contained?
I don't know that he did.
Do you know Mrs. Patrick?
Yes; I never saw the prisoner in my life; I know Carey, and I know the last witness, Hart.
Do you remember when you were lying in bed with Mrs. Patrick, any body coming with any thing?
James Hart brought the bundles into the room; they were large bundles, and put them under the bed.
Do you know what the bundles contained?
No.
Don't you know now?
Yes; I knew they did not come honestly by them, that Carey brought them from Randall's.
You know nothing about Randall?
No.
I live at the back of the George, Bethnal-green road; I know Randall, the prisoner, and I know Hart; about six weeks ago, as nigh as I can recollect, about eleven o'clock at night, Hart brought three bundles of cloaths to my house; Randall brought them to the door; the first bundle, I was a-bed, and did not see; the other two bundles, I was up, and saw Randall at the door; they were fetched away from me by Mr. Tipper, a constable.
Had you seen Randall at all before this evening?
Yes; twice before, with Mr. Carey; I cannot say how long before.
What passed between you and them when you saw them?
Nothing at all; I met them once at Bethnal-green, and once at the Green Man.
You were taken up, were not you?
Yes.
Offering some things to pawn?
Yes.
Where were you taken to?
To this gentleman's. (Mr. Brounger's).
Was Randall at that time in custody?
Yes; and then I was taken to the Compter.
But you hoped you should not be tried if you accused Randall?
Yes; but I did not accuse him wrongfully.
What were you pawning when you were stopped?
A waistcoat and breeches.
Upon your oath, did not you accuse Randall for the sake of escaping a prosecution yourself?
No.
In point of fact, have you not escaped a prosecution, by accusing Randall?
Yes, I may, but I don't accuse him wrongfully.
Did you not say you had these things from a man of the name of Chandler?
No, never in my life; I said they were my husband's; I have a husband in the fencibles.
How long did the parcels remain in your house?
From Thursday night till Monday morning.
You were not in the house all that time, were you?
Yes.
You were not there when you went to the pawn-broker's?
No.
Nor when you went to Mr. Brounger's?
No.
Then you don't know what had been done to the bundles, while you were away?
No.
Did the bundles appear to be in the state in which you left them, when you returned?
Yes.
I am a constable: On Monday the 29th of February, I went to Mrs. Patrick's house, and under the bed I found two bundles, and in a little side-bed I found another bundle; I examined them, and found them to be cloaths of different sorts, coats, waistcoats, and breeches, made up for sale; I then searched the drawers, and found a bag of duplicates; Mrs. Patrick gave them to me, I have had them ever since, (produces them)
(To Mrs. Patrick.) Were you present when the duplicates were found?
Yes; I gave them to Tipper.
What are the names, on the duplicates?
There is Carey, Todd, and Donne on some of them.
I am a constable, I apprehended Mrs. Carey, the wife of Carey, now in prison, on Thursday the 25th of February.
Did you apprehend the prisoner Randall?
Yes; at Mr. Brounger's, on Friday the 26th the next day; I searched him, but found nothing upon him; I had a search warrant; I went and searched his lodgings in Sparrow-corner, in the Minories, near Rosemary-lane, at one Mr. Hoppe's, a tinman's; Randall was then in custody; I found two pieces of wrappers in a drawer; I afterwards went to Carey's house, in Globe-lane, Globe-fields, Bethgal-green, in company with John Ray, that was the next day, the 27th, I found there three tickets.
(To Brounger). Are these linen wrappers your property?
They are.
Had you ever sold, or given them to the prisoner?
No. (Looks at one of the bundles found in Patrick's house); they are my property, they are all my own making up, and are perfectly new; the garments I can swear to, the linen cloth is of the same fabric I possessed.
About what is the value of that bundle?
It is rather a random guess, but I suppose, nearer sel. than 5l.
Do you believe them to be worth 7l. or 10l.?
I should rather be within compass, and say, 5l.
Is there any article of the value of 40s. in any of the bundles?
I believe not (looks at another bundle) this Russia duck is mine, and has never been sold.
What is the value of that?
Four shillings, it has a private mark of the price, I never bought any at this price before; I bought a large quantity, and have never sold any of it; I have looked at all the things, and know them to be mine.
Had all these things been taken at one time, should you have missed them?
I cannot say that I should; my concern is more with the books than the goods.
You said, that those were your property that were found in the house of Randall?
Yes.
Do I understand you to swear those two pieces of cloth were at any time your property?
Clearly.
Can you ascertain when?
Within two years.
You cannot swear you had them after the dissolution of the partnership?
No.
What is the value of this piece that has your private mark?
One shilling.
With respect to the bundles of cloaths found in the house of Mr. Patrick, I understand you to be in the way of supplying shop-keepers wholesale with these goods?
Yes.
If they were taken from those shop-keepers, they would appear in the same state?
They would.
Can you swear you never sold them, except the piece of duck which has your mark?
No; I indulged him as I do every servant, with cloaths, at prime cost, for their own wear.
You have no conception when you lost them, or by what degrees?
No.
Have you any certain knowledge, whether you lost these things before the dissolution of the partnership, or after?
No; I have not.
Were you, till lately, in partnership with Mr. Brounger?
Yes.
Did you ever give your servant Randall, or sell him that piece of wrapper?
Neither.
Did you ever sell him any large lots of goods?
Never.
You cannot tell to whom you sold that wrapper?
No.
You don't know that you ever-sold it at all?
No.
The prisoner was your servant some years?
Yes.
He bore a good character?
Yes.
That piece of duck, with the private mark, Mr. Brounger gave me, a fortnight before Christmas, to line a jacket; he was writing in the counting-house; I went and asked him for it; he told me to go up stairs, and ask above; I went up and asked Grose, he said, he had got none there, there were remnants enough below; I came down and took these two pieces, about enough to mend my jacket, and make pockets, and shewed them to Mr. Brounger, and he said it was very well.
Did you ever give him that piece of duck?
I never did.
Did you speak of that found in your lodgings?
Yes.
