I am wife of Thomas Sessions : I was going up St. James's-street on the Queen's birth-day, the 18th of January, a little after four in the afternoon; it was quite light; I found something press me very heavy on my left side, crouded and pushing; I found a hand in my pocket; and I turned, and saw the prisoner over my shoulder with her hand in my pocket; and my pocket-hole being narrow, she got it out with difficulty: I put my hand in my pocket, and found myself robbed: the first thing I missed out of my pocket, being the largest, was a Spanish dollar; I immediately said to the gentleman that was with me, Sir, I am robbed again; I had been robbed in the other pocket about ten minutes before: I searched my pocket, and found the things were gone, mentioned in the indictment: I saw the prisoner taken up and searched.
I was with Mrs. Sessions at this time; she told me she had her pocket picked; and a lady behind (who is not here) said it was the prisoner; I was in company with her also, when she was robbed the first time; I was about ten yards behind Mrs. Sessions, when she said she had her pocket picked the second time; I said it was impossible; she said she was sure of it, for that woman (the prisoner) had picked her left hand pocket: I immediately laid hold of the prisoner, and never quitted her till we got a constable; we took her up a street with intent to search her, but had no opportunity; we gave her to a constable, and I let go her hand; and then she dropped some money, which the constable picked up; and also six-pence, which I picked up; I am certain it could not fall from any body else, I was so near her; she was taken to the Brown Bear, and searched; and there were some more money found on her, and some thimbles.
I am one of the patrols that was on duty that day: about ten minutes after four, I was coming down St. James's-street; and I assisted in taking the prisoner into custody, by desire of this gentleman and Mrs. Sessions; I went up St. James's-place to look for a public-house, to search the prisoner; we kept her arms fast; and as she came to Little King-street, Mr. Cooksley quitted her right arm; and I saw something drop from her; halloo! says I, and I fell on my knees directly; and these pieces were on the ground, one dollar, and half a pistorin, which Mr. Sessions remarked before she saw it, had a bit out, and so there is; an Anglesea halfpenny, a halfpenny marked S. W. on one side, and Watson on the other; a bad shilling which was cankered, and six-pence; I searched the prisoner afterwards, and found twenty-four shillings and some halfpence and thimbles.
This woman did not speak to you before?
No.
Nor she did not attack you, or commit any violence on you?
No; I suspected nothing, till I found her hand in my pocket.
I am quite innocent; I had nothing about me, but my own property.
