What are you?
A gentleman, an officer.
Where were you at the time this business happened?
In the Fleet.
A prisoner?
Yes.
Was Williams a prisoner there likewise?
Yes; the origin of this business was a quarrel at the game of rackets, about half after six o'clock in the evening, there were four people at play, the prisoner was one; the deceased interfered in consequence of some words passing; the deceased called the prisoner a rascal and a swindling thief, and said every thing that could exasperate a man; he held his list in his face, and kept on in that kind of way for some minutes; he came up to him and trod upon his toes, and the prisoner said, why do you tread upon my toes; he kept on that abusive language, and the prisoner struck him with his fist somewhere about the face.
Did you observe whether his hand was open or shut?
Not particularly, but I think it was shut; there were one or two blows.
Did the deceased return the blow?
I did not see him.
Can you tell us whether he did or did not?
I think he did not.
How may blows did this man strike?
Two or three; it was all done in a moment, and to all appearance it was a blow that would not hurt a child of ten years old.
Did he fall?
No, he did not; nor he did not slagger; he did not appear to be affected by it in the least.
Was there a wall near that he might fall against?
They were close to a wall, but I did not see him fall against it; he did not fall at all.
It did not last many minutes?
No; it did not.
Do you know whether this man struck him at all, or only held his fist in his face?
I did not see him strike him at all; he held his fist very near his face in a very menacing manner.
Are you sure there were not more than three blows?
Yes.
After having made use of all that exasperating language, and putting himself in that insulting posture, you heard him say to the unhappy man, what do you tread upon my toes for, and then he struck him?
Yes.
Williams had been playing in a party at rackets?
Yes; and the deceased began with a volley of abuse, and he said he had no business with it, for the prisoner had given it up, rather than have any words.
It did not strike you at the time, that any ill consequence would follow, but the man was able to walk away?
Yes; I did not think it would have hurt a child.
How long was it before it was communicated to Williams that this man was ill?
A quarter of an hour, or ten minutes.
When it was communicated to him, he shewed every mark of sorrow?
Yes, perfectly so; he sent his wife out for a surgeon, and made use of every exertion he possibly could.
What kind of a man was he?
A perfectly quiet man.
You never saw any tendency to a quarrelsome disposition?
No; the deceased took the part of another man, there were some few words; Mr. Williams said he would give it up, and leave off play.
- On the 8th of August, about half past six in the evening, several people collected together in the racket-ground, and there seemed to be a dispute, or quarrel, at which time I was going across the ground, and saw Williams come away from them; I went up to him, and asked him what was the matter, he told me, he believed it was a quarrel between the racket master and some of them, and that he had come away, that he had nothing at all to do with it; upon this the deceased came up to him, and began to abuse him, and called him a d-d rascal, and said it was a d-d shame, that they had been playing so long, preventing other people from play; Williams desired that he would go about his business, that he thought he had nothing at all to do with it, as the ground did not belong to him, and therefore wished he would let him alone at this time; I thought the deceased was rather intruding, and begged he would not use bad language, but go along about his business, as he had nothing to do with what we were talking about; and then Williams said, the two or three last games, the racket master had given them no white balls, and if he had thrown one over, he would not have paid for it; some people came up, and took off Williams's attention from him, but he kept on abusing him, and called him a d-d swindling thief; this irritated Williams, and he turned round from the other person, and then he came up with his list clinched in Williams's face; Williams said, if I was to strike you, I suppose you would take me down to the gate; upon this Payne answered and said, that he would; at this time, another person interfered, and exclaimed against his making use of their names, upon which Williams retired to some little distance, and stood up against the wall; as soon as this person had done speaking to him, Payne went up to the wall to Williams, and there he held his list in his face, with a volley of abuse and bad language; Williams stood against the wall with his arms folded at that time, there was a sort of a jostle, they pushed each other, upon which Williams said, d-n you, why do you tread upon my toes, and instantly the blow was struck, it was all done in half a minute; Payne staid there three or four minutes and then walked away.
Williams actually retired from his abuse to the wall?
Yes.
And then Payne followed him up again?
Yes; after another person had interfered.
Did the jostle appear to you to come from Williams, or from Payne?
It was done so instantaneously that I cannot say, but I rather think it was from Payne, but the whole of it was not half a minute.
Did you happen to see where the blow was struck?
No, I did not.
He did not fall, or stagger?
No; I did not conceive any ill consequence could have followed, he was standing close to the wall.
- I am a surgeon in Newgate-street; I was sent for on the 8th of August, between eight and nine in the evening; I found the deceased in a stupid state, he could not speak, he had vomited much blood, there were several physicians there; I asked if any thing had been done for him, they said, they had bled him freely; I ordered some medicines which could not be got down him; and the next morning they sent me word he was dead; I opened the head on the ninth, and found a great quantity of extravasated blood between the dura mater and the cranium, to the\\ amountof sixteen ounces, which pressing upon the brain, was the cause of his death.
What occasioned that extravasated blood, you cannot say?
It must be from the blow he had received.
To what cause did you attribute that blood that had been vomited?
It might come from ruptured vessels of the head.
Without being informed that any blow had been given, did that simple circumstance indicate that it proceeded from a blow?
The blow was very evident upon the temple, and an instammation formed there.
I take it for granted, there must have been some injury done upon the outside of the head?
Yes, upon the temple.
