I am a patrole of Lime-street ward: on the 25th of August, in the morning, about half past twelve at night, I saw a light through Mr. Brown's shutters; he lives in Leadenhall-street ; I had a suspicion, and I peeped through the shutters, and I saw a person folding and unfolding some check, but could not tell for some time whether it was a man or a woman; at last I saw an arm on the counter, and I then believed it was a man; I went and fetched my partner, James Warren , and told him the circumstance, and then we fetched the constable from the watch-house, about an hundred yards off; we went both together; the constable came, and we watched till one o'clock, and then the light disappeared; and in about a minute we saw the light in the upper room till near two o'clock, and then it came down stairs to the cellar for about two minutes; then it went up stairs, and continued for about four or five minutes, and we saw no more of it. The next morning, that is the same morning we discovered it, we went and acquainted Mr. Deputy Brown of it, and the next morning following Mr. Brown sent for us. I saw no farther. The man was a servant to Mr. Brown; he was there, but I did not see the property then; the constable Edmonds went up and fetched it.
Could you see through the opening of the shutters into the shop?
I could.
Could you see who it was?
I could not? - I could see nothing but a hand and arm of a man folding and unfolding linen.
You do not know who was with the light up three pair of stairs?
I do not know who it was.
How came you not to alarm the house?
We did not know whether it was so proper.
I am a patrole with Saunders; about half past twelve my partner came to me, and informed me what he had seen. I went, and saw a shadow of a man, and they remained folding and unfolding till one o'clock, and then the light disappeared, and went up three pair of stairs, and stood steady for three quarters of an hour; I saw a young man come, and draw the curtain back, but cannot tell who it was; the candle disappeared, and presently it was down in the cellar; it presently went up stairs again, and there it was till the clock struck two, and then went out. The same morning between eight and nine o'clock we waited upon Mr. Deputy Brown, and the next morning we were sent for again, but I did not find the property.
I am ward-beadle. I was sent for on the 26th of last month by the Deputy, and he gave me a report that he suspected the prisoner had robbed him; the prisoner was at his master's house, Mr. Deputy Brown, Leadenhall-street; he gave me charge of him for robbing him. I went up stairs with the prisoner and the Deputy, and searched his box; he unlocked it himself; and in the box I found this property I have here. (Produced.) It was tied up in his dirty shirt; with that, his master being there, he said he hoped his master would forgive him. I heard nothing more.
I was brought up very unexpectedly.
I am a linen-draper in Leadenhall-street; my partner's name is Edward Bacon . The prisoner lived with me, and lodged also; he had lived there about five months; he slept in the three pair front room. I was present when this property was found in his dirty shirt. (Deposed to.) One of the handkerchiefs having a private mark upon it; and I have great reason to suppose the rest is mine, but they have no mark; they are cut off from pieces, and I had such in my shop of the same patterns.
When they were found, what did the prisoner say?
He begged for mercy.
I could bring two people to prove my good character, but I have been brought up so unexpectedly.
