I am a journeyman saddle-tree-riveter : On Wednesday the 21st of November, I was in a public-house drinking, the Welch-harp, in Long-alley ; some person in the house asked me what it was o'clock, that, I think, was about half past one in the day time; I pulled out my watch, and the prisoner asked me to let him look at it, I held it in my hand, and he took hold of the chain, and kept persevering in holding the chain; he said, d-n it let us have it, I am not going to run away; upon that, he drew it out of my hand and put it into his breeches; in a few minutes afterwards I asked him for it again, he said I should have it in a few minutes.
Did you consent to his taking it, or did you not?
No, I did not; some person that was in the house was speaking to me, and he took that opportunity to go away with the watch; I did not see him again till the Friday about half past two o'clock, I got intelligence of him then at Worship-street office; I took an officer with me, and found him in his room in Cake-street, Spitalfields; the officer went into the room, and I followed him, and said, that is the man that had my watch; he denied having it several times, and then he said he would give it me again; I said, I would not stand any nonsense, that is the man that took my watch, I give you charge of him; and after the officer had examined him a little while, he took the duplicate of the watch out of his jacket pocket upon the bed, he had pledged it for twenty-five shillings; then he asked me, if I would be content with having my watch again, he said, he would get it for me; I told him, I would have no more to do with-it, justice should take place. The watch was produced at Worship-street, by the pawnbroker.
You have not got your watch again, but if you convict this man, you expect to have it again?
I hope so.
This public-house was in the city of London, I believe?
No, it is not; part of Long-alley is, but this part is not.
That was half past one o'clock in the day -I take it for granted, you were perfectly sober?
I had had some liquor, but not so much, as not to know what I was about.
You had known the prisoner before?
Yes.
He had been drinking with you in the public-house?
Yes.
You had changed your lodgings after you left the public-house?
Yes.
Therefore, if a person had borrowed any thing of you, they would not know where to find you, to return it?
No.
He said, he would like to look at it, he did not take it by force from you?
Yes, he did.
Do you mean to say, you struggled to keep it?
No; I should have broke the chain.
Upon your oath, did not the prisoner ask you to lend him a little money, when you were about half seas over, and you said, you had none, but you would let him have your watch to raise some, if he would pay you again?
No such thing.
How many people were there?
I cannot say.
During the time the prisoner was in the public-house, and during the time he was looking at the watch, did you say to any body, this man is taking my watch from me against my consent?
I do not know that I did.
There being a number of people there, you might have prevented his taking it, if you pleased?
I suppose I might.
Upon the oath you have taken, did you not lend the man your watch, to get a little money to pay the reckoning with?
No, I did not.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street office: The prosecutor applied to me, on Friday, the 23d of November, to apprehend the prisoner; we found him in his apartments in Cake-court, Cake-street, Spital-fields; I went up stairs, his wife was in his room; the prosecutor said that was the young man that had his watch; I asked him what he had done with the man's watch, he said, he never saw it, nor ever had it; I asked him what he had done with the duplicate, if he had made away with it; he said, he knew nothing at all about it, and he then turned to where the soldier's jacket lay on the bed, and he gave me the duplicate, and I gave it to the prosecutor.
You went to apprehend him as a selon, and seeing you he denied it?
Yes.
I did not intend to defraud him of it; I was going upon duty the next day, and pledged it for fear I should lose it.
