I lost a hat on the 22d of this month, Monday afternoon last, I went into the parlour for it, and not finding it there I had suspicion of this man; I live at No. 21, Great Suffolk-street, Haymarket , with Mr. Parry; I suspected this man, because he was there on Saturday last; he came there to enquire for a gentleman, captain Donaldson, captain Donaldson was there, he was there backward and forward all the morning.
Had not you seen your hat all that time?
No, I never looked for it till the Sunday afternoon; on Monday morning I went to the pawnbroker's, and he shewed me the hat; and I said it was mine, and I swore to it.
I received the hat from the prisoner at the bar, on the 22d of June; the middle of the day, he brought it to pledge.
Did you know the prisoner?
No, I don't remember ever seeing him before. (The hat produced and deposed to by Brown, by the maker's name.)
I know no more than that the prisoner came to my house to enquire after the gentleman, and he went into the kitchen, but I did not see him in the kitchen, I met him in the passage.
The prisoner at the bar came to this house after my master; I live with captain Donaldson; the first time he came on Saturday, he came down into the kitchen, he came for some time there, and then went up to the parlour, where the hat was, I went up and when I came down I saw that the door was shut, and when I got into the room I saw a bundle laid on the table which he was certainly at.
Was there any thing taken out of the bundle?
No.
I am a constable, I belong to the Police office in Queen-square; I found him in the kitchen of this gentleman on Friday, I searched him and found the duplicate of the hat in his pocket.
By all means I had a right to have the duplicate of the hat I had bought in the Hay-market, after paying four shillings and six pence for it, because they had a suspicion of this hat they conceived it must be that gentleman's there; I never meddled with the hat, and they cannot say that I did, except they for swear themselves. I have a few words to say. I brought this hat of a jew in the Haymarket, and gave four shillings and sixpence for it, he had told me his name was Shepherd, and that he lived in Rosemary-lane; in the afternoon afterwards I pawned it for three shillings.
