- I saw the prisoner run away with a bundle, about two months ago, I cannot tell the day, she came out of the Coach and Horses, in Belton-street, Long-acre , and ran towards her own home in Crown-court.
- I live facing the Coach and Horses: I was in my own room, and heard a dreadful screaming of murder; I looked out, and saw a hartling between a man and a woman, and the prisoner at the bar; the prisoner came out with a bundle; the prosecutrix had a dreadful black eye; she said, she was robbed, and Mr. Butter-worth, the landlord, pushed her out.
She was very drunk, was she not?
I did not see her in liquor.
Did not he turn her out because she was drunk and riotous?
He pushed her out because she said, she had been robbed in his house.
Is he here?
No.
Then he did not send for an officer?
No, he did not.
- I was in Eliza Smith 's room; I heard a screech of murder, at the Coach and Horses; I saw the prisoner go out with a bundle in her apron, she made towards her lodgings, in Crown-court, and directly after, the prosecutrix came out, and said, she was robbed.
- I was in at the Coach and Horses, in Belton street, between five and six in the afternoon, to the best of my knowledge, about two months ago; I was no more in liquor than I am now; my bundle was lying upon the side of the table, in the tap-room; the prisoner asked me if I paid a licence for selling those goods, and then her husband came in, and knocked me down, with a sucking-child in my arms, and she took my things away from me without any apology at all; I was quite stupified with fright; I had never spoke to her three words in my life.
This was a large bundle?
Yes; wrapped up in a coarse cloth.
There were a good many people in the house?
No; only the landlord's wife and daughter. and the prisoner, and a man that said he was her husband.
Why did not you take him up?
He could not be taken.
Have you ever seen the bundle since?
No.
This poor woman was seen going home, was followed immediately, and yet none of your property found?
Yes.
How came you in possession of these goods?
My husband is a soldier, and gone to the West-Indies; he left me five guineas.
When was he living last to your knowledge?
Eight months ago; he has been a soldier ten years; he was drafted into the Old Buffs; I bought these goods about two months ago, to get a bit of bread honestly.
How long has your husband been gone?
Two years.
And you kept this money all that time?
Yes; I have been always earing money.
Did not you charge another woman with robbing you two or three days ago?
No, not in my life.
Did you ever tell the landlord you were robbed in his house?
Yes.
After he had turned you out?
He was not there before.
I am a constable; One evening, about seven or eight weeks ago, I happened to be at the watch-house, when the prisoner was brought in along with a woman of the name of Bridget Wallis; Wallis produced these two handkerchiefs, she said, she received from the prisoner; she said that in her presence; she said, the prisoner had desired her to put them by in her box, till by-and-by; she lived in the next room to her; I asked the prisoner if she could produce the remainder of the things; she said, that if she had liberty, she could; there were two watchman sent with her, but they came back without the things.
When she said she would get the things, if she was at liberty, she was in custody?
Yes.
Then she said that in order to get her liberty?
Yes.
These are mine, I know them by the borders.
- I know the prosecutrix, she used to be very quarrelsome in the street, when I was patrole last winter; the prisoner is a very hard-working woman, and as far as I know, an honest woman.
Do you know whether the prosecutrix sold muslins or linens?
No; nothing but glasses in a basket.
I was coming from work to my dinner, and I saw the prosecutrix jawing another woman and scolding of her, and after the prisoner was in custody, I heard her say, that that was either the woman that robbed her, or a party concerned.
Was she drunk or sober at that time?
She was either drunk or mad.
The prisoner lodged with me five years; she is as honest a woman as over walked the streets of London.
