I lived in the parish of Heston, when I lost my poney.
What business are you?
I do a little in the fellmongering ; I left him upon Smallbury green .
What age was this poney?
I think he was turned of eleven years old to the best of my knowledge.
How high was he?
Near 13 hands, I have had him about four years and a half, I saw him on the 24th of May, I did not see him again till last Saturday week, in the White-hart-yard, Holborn; I know it to be my poney.
Did you know the prisoner before this?
No.
How did you know it to be your's?
He had a cut in the near foot behind, just above the fetlock joint.
What colour?
He was bay, and blind of both eyes.
He was not worth a great deal then?
No; about 2l.
When did you lose it?
About the 25th of May.
And did not see it again till last Saturday week?
No.
I sell earthen ware: I was in Smithfield and bought the poney of Richard Rossiter for 2l.; it was owned from me last Friday was a week at the White-hart, Holborn; I bought him about three months ago.
Who claimed him?
A butcher, I don't know his name, as Mr. Preston's property.
I sold that poney to the last witness; I bought it at the Nag's-head, by Covent-Garden Market; I am not rightly sure whether that is the man or nor, there were two of them; I dare say, it is full five months ago; the prisoner is very much like the man; the ostler and he called each other by their names.
I know nothing more than the prisoner at the bar paid me for the horse's keep, that is all I know about it, I am ostler at the Nag's-head, in James-street, Covent-Garden.
Did you see Rossiter at the Nag's-head?
Yes.
Did he buy the poney?
I was not at the buying of him; my fellow-servant took it in, and he paid me for the keep; he is not here.
Who carried off the poney?
Another man; there were three of them concerned, Rossiter and another man, I don't know which led him out of the yard.
I apprehended the prisoner.
Did any thing pass then?
Nothing at all.
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury; I have but very little to say, in the aukward situation that I am in, at present; as I am to answer to God. I bought this poney near five months ago, in Smithfield, of a man that said his name was William Owen , I gave one pound six shillings for him, and sold him for a guinea and a half; a witness was waiting here to-day morning that saw me buy it; where he is now I don't know.(The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a very good character).
