Was you in December last an apprentice to Mr. Allen?
Yes.
What age are you?
Sixteen to day.
Mr. Allen he lives in Wapping I beleive?
Yes.
Pray, is his house one of the receiving houses where letters for the general post office are put in?
Yes.
Was you sent by him on the 12th of December last, with a bag of letters to carry to the general post office?
Yes.
Pray, in your way from Wapping, was you to call at any other receiving house to take the bag from thence?
Yes, at the Armitage.
Did you take the bag from the Armitage as well as your masters?
Yes.
You had two then, one from Mr. Allen, and one from the Armitage?
Yes.
Pray, was there any other bag contained in the bag that you carried?
Yes.
The bag that you brought from your master's house did it contain any other bag?
Yes.
What did the inner bag contain?
The paid letters.
By the paid letters, do you mean letters that the postage of which was paid?
Yes.
Did the bag contain likewise the money that was paid with them?
Yes.
How much money was paid with them?
Two shillings and sixpence, a shilling, two sixpence and six pennyworth of halfpence.
What did the outer bag contain of your master's?
The unpaid letters.
In what was this bag put?
In a leather sack.
Both bags were in a leather sack?
Yes.
In your way you called at the Armitage?
Yes.
What did you take from thence?
I took a bag.
Did that bag cantain any other bag?
Yes, there was a frack bag and paid bag.
Was there any money in that?
Ten pence, sixpence and four pennyworth of halfpence.
Did any thing happen as you came along?
Yes, I was going through Star-court, Nightingale-lane , and the bags were taken from me.
Were the bags separate, or all included in the leather sack?
All included in one leather sack.
That was taken from you you say?
Yes.
What did you do on that?
I got up and cried stop thief.
How were they taken from you?
They were taken out of my hand.
Was any violence offered to you before they were taken, or how?
They were snatched out of my hand after I was knocked down; the man pushed against me, and pushed me backward.
Did he throw you down?
Yes, he pushed me right backward, in this manner.
So as to throw you down?
Yes.
When that person threw you down, what happened to you?
He wrenched the bag out of my hand, and ran off.
Was you on the ground when the bag was wrenched out of your hand, or got up again?
I at that time was on the ground.
Did you endeavour to hold them?
I held them pretty fast.
What did he do then?
He ran off with them.
What did you do then?
I got up and cried stop thief.
In consequence of your crying stop thief, did any body stop him?
Yes.
At the time he was stopped was he in your sight or out of it?
In my sight.
You did not lose sight of him at all?
Yes, at turning round the corner of the court, only then.
The person who wrenched the bag out of your hand, did turn round the corner?
Yes.
After he left you, and was running, did you see him do any thing?
I see him throw the bags away into the court.
Was that after you cried stop thief, or before?
After I cried stop thief.
What time of the day was this?
Half after five o'clock, the 12th day of last month.
It was dark, was it?
Yes.
Did you come up with the person again when he was stopped?
Yes.
What did you do when you came up with him again?
I came up and see the bags taken up from the ground, and given into my hands.
Who took them up?
Some little child or other in the court.
And they were put into your hands?
Yes.
What did you do with them?
I kept them in my possession till I came before the justice, and then they were out of my sight.
When you went before the justice with the bags?
Yes.
Pray, when you called out stop thief, did you see any body run after the man that knocked you down?
Yes.
Did you see any body lay hold of him?
Yes.
Was it before or after the man laid hold of him that he threw away the bags?
Before the man laid hold of him.
Pray, were the bags picked up by this child, the bags that were thrown away by the person that threw you down?
Yes.
Did you see them both thrown away and picked up again?
Yes.
Look at the prisoner, was he or was he not the person who threw you down?
He was the person.
You are very sure he is the person?
Yes.
Do you happen to know who the person was that stopped him?
Somebody that was passing by.
Knowlys. You heard a person running along the alley some time before he came up to you?
No, the person that knocked me down, he was standing still when I saw him first.
When he ran against you, you fell and dropped the bag at the time?
No, I kept it in my hand.
You are sure you did not drop it as you sell?
No.
Did I understand you right, that you are sure that the bags did not drop as you sell, but that he wrenched them from you?
Yes.
Do you remember on the 12th of December, hearing the cry of stop thief?
Yes, I heard these words expressed.
At what time in the evening?
At half past five o'clock.
In what place?
In Star court, one end comes into Nightingale lane.
What country is it in?
Middlesex.
It lays in their ad from Wapping to Lombard street?
Exactly so.
What did you do on this cry of stop thief?
I see a man come running on full speed, and when I got within the space of four or five yards of him, I see him drop the bags out of his hand.
Had you before that heard the cry of stop thief?
Yes, I had.
And when he came within four or five yards, he dropped the bags?
Yes, just as could discern him, and he could discern me.
Did you stop him when you came up with him?
No, I passed by him, and I no sooner passed by him than I turned back immediately and see him stopped, and got up to him, and took him by the collar, and asked him what he could take the boy's bags for?
Was the boy come up by that time?
He was crying to me, where is the bags?
Did you go to the place where you see the bags dropped?
I took the prisoner by the collar, and took him where the bags were; nobody knew where the bags were but me.
Did you find the bags?
Yes, on the spot where I see him drop them.
What did you do with the bags when you took them up?
I was going to take them to an officer, but a gentleman in Nightingale-lane came up and said he was an officer, and took him.
Did you deliver the man in custody of that officer? did you search him?
No, I did not search him.
Is that the man that was stopped?
Yes, that is the gentleman, I am very clear.
You have no doubt about it, if you have for God's sake express it?
I have no doubt at all.
Was there any light brought?
There was a light brought out to look for the bags.
Had you an opportunity of seeing the face of the prisoner distinctly?
I had, when I first laid hold of him.
Knowlys. There was not sufficient light to distinguish what sort of a bag it was, only a bag?
No, only a bag.
I dare say yourself did not suppose it was a bag particularly appointed for the carrying of letters?
No, I did not.
I believe you are a constable?
No, I am a Trinity House officer, and keep a public house.
Do you live near Star-court?
Yes.
Did you, on the evening of the 12th of December, hear any cry of stop thief?
Yes, I believe it was about half after five, as nigh as I can recollect.
Did you go out in consequence of hearing this cry?
Yes.
What did you see?
When I came out I ran and I saw a quantity of people run, and I run into the mob, where I saw the prisoner and the last witness had hold of him.
Did you see the last witness have hold of him before you come?
He had hold of him in my sight; I told him I was an officer; they wanted to know who I was; I told them I kept a public house just by, says I, come along with me and you will all be right; and I took the prisoner and the lad into the house; I put the boy in the bar with the bag, I took the prisoner into my back kitchen, shut the door, and searched him.
What did you find?
Nothing at all but a knife what he may eat his victuals with.
No money about him at all?
Nothing at all but a single knife.
What did you do after you searched him?
I then sent for a coach and put him in the coach, and took him to the justice's, in Shadwell.
And you took the bags along with you?
Yes, and the boy and the last witness.
Did you stay there when the prisoner was examined?
I did.
What became of the bags?
They were delivered to the Post office gentlemen I believe; they were sealed up.
In whose custody did you leave the bags?
In Mr. Allen's, I believe, he came while I was at the justice's.
You live in Wapping, I believe?
Yes.
Is your house one of the receiving houses for letters?
My house is the lower receiving house in that Division, in Wapping.
By whom did you send the bag of letters, on the 12th of December, in the evening, to the Post office?
By this apprentice, his name is Samuel Stansworth .
What time did you send him?
Five o'clock is my time for shutting up and sealing my bags.
What did you send by him?
I believe that night, there were only two bags, but on particular nights we send three, one a paid bag in the other.
Where the bags sealed?
It is a rule I always make, and also it is by an order of the office, to seal the bags.
Fix your attention to any one of the bags, and describe that first?
The first is the inland bag unpaid.
Describe what it contains?
That is the quantity of letters that are put into my box free, the same as it is in the General Post office.
Is that sealed or unsealed?
Yes, that is sealed. Then there is another bag with paid letters, and another bag with news papers, that are all entirely put in the first bag.
Are these bags put in any thing else?
In a sack; and I take another bag from the Armitage, and another from Tower-hill.
Was it your business to call at the Armitage and Tower-hill?
Exactly so.
What time was he dispatched that evening?
I think at about a quarter to six a person came to inform me that my boy was stopped in Nightingale-lane, I immediately went up with the man to the last examined person, Mr. Butcher's house. When I came there I was told he was gone to the office; I immediately proceeded to the office in Shadwell; when I came to Shadwell the magistrate examined the prisoner at the bar.
Did you see the bags there?
I did.
Have you got them here?
I have; here they are.
Knowlys. Was you present at the sealing them?
Yes.
Where were they sealed?
At the justice's office, before the Solicitor.
Where have they been since?
They have been locked up at my house, and the money that was in the bag, the money for the paid letters.
Are they in the same exact state and condition as when you see them at the office?
Yes, only that the solicitor told me to separate the money, the two shillings and sixpence from the ten-pence, which I did when I got home, I could not get a bit of sealing wax to do it at the justice's, but I did it as soon as ever I came home, and marked the separate parcels of money.
Are you sure these are the bags you seat out that night?
I can swear to the bags.
And you marked the separate parcels of money as soon as you came home?
Immediately so.
Produce those that you sent.(Produces them) You are satisfied that all are the same?
I am.
And the money sealed up as when you sealed it?
It is positively so. My money, my boy says, it is two shillings and sixpence, but I think it is two shillings and ten-pence.
Open it.
It is as the boy said, two shillings and sixpence; one shilling two sixpences, and sixpennyworth of halfpence.
What money did you put in the bag that night?
Two shillings and sixpence, that answered to the bill.
Is the sum in the bill and the bag the same as it was?
The sum is the same, I declare on my oath; I sealed it up myself, and I open it now here for the first time.
What money did the Armitage bag contain?
Sanders's bag contained only tenpence.
Knowlys. You cannot tell what was in the Armitage bag?
I can tell so far as this, that the bag was opened before me at the justice's office, and the money delivered to me.
Are these bags delivered to you from the post office?
They are.
On the 12th of December, I left my work a little after four o'clock, and I was going down to East Smithfield to see a brother-in-law that was at sea, in my way at the corner of Sun-yard, I was laid hold of by a press gang, and running away I ran over this lad, and there was a cry of stop thief, and I stopped just as I came to the boy, and they gave me in charge, and the constable and boy took me back to the place where he fell, and the bags were found; from thence I was taken to the public house back parlour, and from thence to the magistrate's, the magistrate sent the officer to search my habitation, and they found nothing at all amiss there. I have witnesses to my character.
