I lost eleven shillings at the Red Lyon at Hillingdon ; I was hostler there, this man slept with me; I went to bed about ten o'clock, I discovered the money was gone in the morning about five o'clock; my money was in my right hand breeches pocket; I went down to Uxbridge, I thought he had been a soldier, and I went to the quarter master, and he searched all the soldiers, and found nothing on them; I came back again from Uxbridge, and I found him at Hillingdon, he was under the doctor's hands for his eyes, the doctor lives at Hillingdon Common; I don't know where he comes from; I lost the eleven shillings and six-pence last Monday week out of my chest; I found five shillings in his stockings he had on; there was a star on one shilling I know on the edge, I had observed it before; the constable has got that shilling now, I gave it to him the same day I found it on the prisoner.
Did you find this the same day you went to Uxbridge?
No.
How long after?
The next day. The eleven shillings I lost the week before I lost this eleven and six-pence; there was no marks only on this one shilling; I lost it on Monday, and I gave it to the constable on Tuesday.
I am a constable of the parish of Hillingdon; this young man Cox asked me to take the prisoner at the bar into custody, immediately he gave me the shilling which had a mark on it. (Produced and deposed to.) I took the prisoner, I found him in the yard at the Red Lyon, there was nothing passed only the boy charged him with the theft, and he said he found the money in his stocking; I took him before a magistrate, and he committed him; the prisoner said it was his own money, I asked him how he came by it in his stocking? he said he frequently put his money there.
Did you know him before?
No, never see him before; he has been at Hillingdon about a month.
William Cox came up to me, I had got some work to do for this King to mend his shoes, he came up to me to tell me to take notice of a shilling with a star on the edge if he should pay for the shoes; with that when he came he did not give me that shilling, but another, and I saw that he had but one six-pence left in his purse; he went away from me down to the Red Lyon where he lodged, there he paid three shillings for his lodging.
I have got the paper to shew that a gentleman gave me to collect money, to go to this doctor to cure my eyes.
I have known the prisoner above twenty years; he was always an industrious man, and endeavoured for a living.
Do you know of his receiving any money?
Yes, one John Davis collected money for the prisoner.
Did he lodge with you the last night that you lost the eleven shillings and six-pence?
He did.
