I am a sugar-baker ; a servant. On the 17th of June I lost my watch.
What day of the week was this?
On a Friday, between eleven and twelve o'clock; I lost it from my master's sugar-house, one pair of stairs; my master's name is John Barker , he lives in Prince's-square, Ratcliff-highway ; I did not see the prisoner take it; I saw it ten minutes before it was lost; the prisoner is a mill-driver , and works next to me; he came up stairs to me, and said he would take the iron screws to the smith; he did so; and ten minutes after my master called me down, and I missed my watch; and in the afternoon, between six and seven, I found it at the pawnbroker's; he is here.
How long had you had your watch?
About four years.
What is the number?
I forget the number.
What sort of a watch is it?
A silver watch, and a silver chain.
Do you know the maker's name?
I do not.
Where did this watch hang?
On the first pair of stairs, in the sugar-house.
What is that one pair of stairs, is it a place where you work?
It is.
Was there any body else worked in that room besides?
No, no one else.
Where did it hang in that room?
On the wall, on a nail.
When you go down, do you always lock the door?
It is always shut.
The doors are always locked then; who keeps the key?
There is no key.
How many men may be employed in this sugar-house?
Ten.
These ten men, at different times, then, go into this room of this sugar-house?
They never go altogether.
They do go at different times?
Yes.
And any then might have gone in, because the door was not locked?
They could not, I am certain.
I am a pawnbroker, in Red-lion-street, Whitechapel: the prisoner at the bar pawned a watch with me on the 17th of June, between eleven and one; I had never seen him before, but I am certain he is the man.
You are not the master?
I am not.
Where is your shop situated?
No. 30, Red-lion-street, Whitechapel.
Your master drives a good deal of trade, I believe?
Middling, Sir.
A great many people came into your shop in the course of that day?
Many.
You never saw the prisoner before?
Not to my knowledge.
What do you mean by your knowledge?
He is the man I took the watch in of.
What time of the day was it?
I cannot say positively, it was between the hours of eleven and one.
Might it not be between twelve and one?
I believe, as near as I can form a recollection, it was rather before twelve.
Is there any particular mark or any particular way of knowing the prisoner at the bar; how long might he be in the shop?
He might be in ten minutes.
What made him so long; was you chattering about the watch all that time?
Nothing particular, but what we ask other people; I asked him if it was his own watch; he said it was; he said he had had it a long while, but he had never pledged it before.
What did you give him for it?
Half-a-guinea.
Did you enter it in your book?
I did.
Have you the book here?
No, I have not.
No, we can never get the book of the pawnbrokers here; what was there about his person that should induce you to know him again; how was he dressed?
He was dressed in a smock frock and trowsers.
What time did you miss your watch?
Between eleven and twelve.
How long might the prisoner be, after you missed your watch, before he was taken into custody?
It might be half an hour after eleven.
He was taken into custody about ten minutes after you missed your watch?
Yes, he was.
How long had the prisoner lived with Mr. Lemon, the millwright?
I don't know.
I am an officer belonging to Wellclose-square; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner the 17th of June, between twelve and one in the day.
I leave it to my counsel.
I am a cheesemonger: I have known the prisoner five months; he dealt with me, and paid me honestly.
I am a broker: I have known him between two and three years, been intimately acquainted with him; he was always a hard-working man, just and honest.
I am a chair and cabinet maker: I have known him three years; he hath bought things of me; I would give him credit as soon as any body.
I am a painter and glazier; have known him twelve months; he is a hard-working, industrious man.
I have known the prisoner a few months; he bears a very good character.
