How long had you been at the Wolf?
I went at eleven o'clock and I came away before one, there were two women with me, and I went out along with them to seek a lodging, about half after twelve o'clock.
What became of your bundle?
I left them, I asked the landlady whether I might leave them there till I came back again.
Where did you put them before you went away?
I left them in the taproom; in a little corner where they keep their pots to dry, I laid them there, and she told me they would be safe till I came back again, then I was gone about an hour and a half, while I was out one of my companions said, she would go to her mother-in-law, and the other said, she would go to her father's, and left me; a gentleman saw me in the street very distressed and he gave me six-pence, and I gave it to somebody in the street to shew me the way back again, this was just before dark.
What was you doing from this time, from half past twelve?
I could not find my way back, they went to see for lodgings with me.
Did you get any lodgings?
No, we did not.
Was you shewn back at last to this house?
Yes.
What time did you get back again?
Just as it was going to be dark.
What then?
I then asked for my bundle and they told me that the women that was with me, one of them had taken them away.
Where did you meet with these companions of your's?
In Cork, at the General's, he paid their passage to come over; it was the prisoner said she would go to her mother-in-law.
Did you know where her mother-in-law lived?
No.
Did you enquire?
No.
Did you ever see your bundles again?
No.
Did you ever see any thing that was contained in your bundles?
I believe it is a fortnight ago to day since I found the things, and a fortnight ago yesterday since I saw the woman, she came to the committee, in Gray's Inn-lane, for relief.
Was you present when she came there?
No.
Did you see her at the committee afterwards?
I saw her at the time, I came down and asked the committee leave to let me stop another day, because my child was dying, and I saw her there, she was going in, and the mistress came out, and I took hold of the mistress's apron, and I said, Madam, that is the woman that had my clothes.
Did the prisoner hear you say so?
No. Before I got in to the committee she was out at the back door and ran away.
Did you see her run away?
No, I did not; Mr. Norris went after her.
When did you see her again?
On the Saturday, we went to the Justice's, and I saw some of my clothes; I saw a shawl and apron on her the same day that she was taken; the shawl was cut in two, it was whole when she had it, but I have got only half.
Did you see any more of your things?
Yes, at the pawnbroker's.
Did you go to the pawnbroker's?
Yes, on the same Saturday that she was before the justics, I found these, I found three gowns and a white petticoat, part of what I had lost; I found them at her lodgings on Saffron-hill, I think it was No. 10, the woman of the house shew us up into the lodgings where her child lay, I knew it was her child that she brought with her, I found a sheet there with my husband's name on it.
Did you find all the things you lost?
No, I found a bed gown and handkerchief in the same place, and three pieces of my black silk cloak, it was whole when it was lost, I found three caps and a shirt of my child's, and a pair of cotton stockings, they were all brought by the pawnbroker, he is here.
Is there any body here of the house?
Yes, the little boy who delivered the bundle.
I live at the Wolf, in Gray's Inn-lane.
Do you remember their going out and leaving any thing behind?
There were two bundles of clothes left, they were put in a sink in the taproom.
Did you see any of these women again?
Yes, there was one of them came and asked for the things, she came between three and four o'clock.
What did she say?
I am come for them things if you please; and says I, they are there as you left them, and she took them away.
Was there only two bundles left in the house?
No.
Had the other women left any bundle?
No, they had no bundles, they brought none at all with them.
The gentleman put her down Martha Butler.
What name did she go by on the journey?
Davis.
She had.
What did you do?
I pursued her as fast as I could, I overtook her at the corner of Gray's Inn-lane, I brought her back to the workhouse, and I was ordered to search her pockets, which I did, and in her pocket I found a box of duplicates, which I have got now in my possession, the next morning I was ordered to go to this gentleman's in London-wall, and to a pawnbroker's on Snowhill; (I had found Wakefield's duplicates on her; there I found a gown and a dimity petticoat, the other things that were produced were produced on Snowhill, the woman has got them now in her possession, we heard of things at three different pawnbrokers, there were some trifling things at Whitecross-street, that pawnbroker is not here.
Did not you go to the lodgings of the prisoner?
Yes; I went to the pawnbrokers with the prisoner, coming home I went to her lodgings, No. 10, Saffron-street, the prisoner had a child there at that time, I knew it was the prisoner's child, I says to Mrs. Parsons, you will follow me up stairs as close as you can, we went up stairs, when we got in the prosecutor looked about and she found every thing that is contained in this bill; as specified in the indictment.
This green petticoat is mine, here is a sheet found at her lodgings with my husband's name on it, here is a bed gown, a child's skirt, an handkerchief, a piece of my cloak, my caps, all my own.
When we three women came into London, this woman said that she wanted to be passed home, and she wanted to know where she might go to my Lord Mayor to be passed home, I told her I was a pensioner in such a parish, I had eighteen-pence a week allowed me for a child, and it was a casualty parish, that they did pass people to their own parishes, and we went into this public house, because the committee did not sit that day, and the other woman and me prepared to get a lodging, and I asked this woman to stay there till we came back? but she would not; the left her bundles and went with us; the other woman when we were out, said, she would go to her father's, and I said, I would go to my sister-in-law's, No. 5, Lilly-street, Saffron-hill, when we could not get lodgings I persuaded her to go with me, whether I went to my sister's or whatever lodgings I got, and this here woman parted with us, and the other went with me to my sister-in-law's and she staid there a little while, and she went to the Borough and she took me to the Borough with her, and she told me she was going to her father's, but this was not her father's, and she left me, and afterwards came to me and told me that these things were her own, and she said she would come and live along me, but she would go first to see whether her
father would take her in or not, and she left these things in my lodgings.
Are you sure that is the woman that came for the bundle?
I did not see the other woman, only this one.
Shew Mrs. Parsons the apron and shawl that she had on her.
These are mine, and part of the property I lost.
