I am a journeyman carpenter . I was robbed between twelve and one o'clock on Friday night or Saturday morning, the 7th of June; I am a married man; I was in a lane called Ivory-lane in the Strand ; I cannot say any more about it, the witnesses know; I was very much in liquor; I lost a steel watch chain, a linen handkerchief, six shillings and sixpence, and half a guinea; I had not any apprehension how much money I had.
When had you last been sober enough to have any recollection to know what you had about you?
About seven o'clock at night, I was very sober then; I was down in Westminster then, in Petty France, in a public house almost facing the Ship-yard, but what the sign was I don't know as I never was in it before; I was not at all sensible when the things were taken from me in the least, I know nothing of it.
I am a watchman in St. Martin's in the Fields; I cried the hour of one o'clock, and I came up Ivory-lane, I was going down the hour of half after one, and I was speaking to a brother watchman, and I heard a noise down Ivory-lane, I went down the lane, and I saw the prosecutor laying on his back, and this prisoner at the bar was across him, and taking his watch from him, she had taken the money from him, she seeing me flew up and made off to me, and I catched her in my arms, and some porters picked up the prosecutor and brought him up to me while I had got the prisoner in my arms, and the prosecutor said that that was the woman that robbed him; no, says she, it is the other girl that robbed him, and gave me the money; with that she put her hand into her pocket, and brought some silver out, and I took the silver out of her hand, and put my hand into her pocket and took the rest.
How much did you take out?
I took a guinea and a half, and some silver, and a steel chain.
What did you take from her hand?
Six shillings and six-pence in silver, and a handkerchief out of her bosom. Then I took her to the watch-house.
Is it a linen handkerchief?
It is.
I have kept the property from that time to this. (Produces the chain and handkerchief) the money I have forgot and left at home.
Was this man very drunk?
Yes, he was so that he did not know what he was about at all.
Was there any resistance between the girl and him?
Yes, there was great resistance for they took and tore him all down the face. The first thing that I saw was, that she was across him, and trying to get the watch from him.
I want to know what they did to him before they took the watch from him?
They took and tore him all down the face, and made him bleed; I saw the prisoner strike him, when I was coming down he was on the ground, and when he was crying out this girl struck him about the face, and held his mouth, he struggled and put his hand as well as he could to his watch, when he found they were pulling his watch out.
By what light did you see this?
By the light of the porters coming to market with their lanthorns.
What sort of a night was it?
It was rather lightish.
Do you take on yourself to say by the light you had, that the prisoner was the woman that did all this?
Yes, I can swear to this.
Was there any other woman with her?
There were two other women with her.
What sort of a chain was this you lost?
A steel chain belonging to a woman's watch, with a hook to it; I can swear to the chain and the handkerchief; I have another like it in my pocket, there is no letter or name on it I had the chain in my waistcoat pocket for to wear it bright, because it was got rusty; I have had it a great many years; there is no particular mark.
My lord about half after one o'clock this gentleman took me from one public house to another to drink with him; we drank five or six pints of cider, and three glasses of gin, and he left me this watch chain and his handkerchief; coming along this place he fell down; the porters were going to Covent-garden market, and the money sell out of his pocket, and I picked up the gold; he had not a farthingworth of silver about him; it was my own silver; I have no witness.
Did you see her take the chain out of his pocket?
I saw it taken from his person.
How far was you off when you saw this?
Not as far as I am from her now.
I think you said that you saw blows that she struck?
I did.
