I am message carrier to Messrs. Kellisons, bankers, in Norwich; I sent a letter by the post, addressed, Messrs. Williams, Son, and Co. bankers in London, on the 5th of September, it contained thirteen Bank of England notes, a 10l. note, No. 4793, dated the 29th of April, 1797; eleven 5l. notes, No. 2836, 3d of July, 1797; No. 1548, 20th of March, 1797; No. 6984, the 16th of March, 1797; No. 9462, the 9th of March, 1797; No. 5154, the 28th of March, 1797; No. 3808, the 2d of March, 1797; No. 553, the 14th of March, 1797; No. 1144, 21st of March, 1797.
Those are all that are traced.
There was a 2l. note also in the letter.
That is not found.
I put all these notes in the letter myself; I wafered it up, and carried it to the Post-office in Norwich, between three and four in the afternoon.
I am the post-master at Norwich: On the 5th of September, I made up all the bags for London.
You forwarded them regularly?
I did, the post goes from Norwich at half past four, the box shuts at half past three.
I belong to the General Post Office; I received a bag of letters from Norwich to London, on the 6th of September which would leave Norwich in the afternoon of the 5th.
When you received the bag was it sealed up, and secured as the bags in general are?
It was.
Be so good as tell me your firm?
Robert Williams , the elder, Robert Williams, junr. John Drury, and Thomas Roberts .
Was there any letter received at your house, on the 6th of September, from Messrs. Kellisons?
No.
Are Messrs. Kellisons correspondents of yours?
Yes.
I am employed in the General Post-Office; the prisoner was employed by the Post-office, as caller of the charges; when the charges are ready, to come into the inland office to call the letter-carriers to take the letters.
Had he access to the Inland office, at the Post-office?
Yes.
The mails are opened and sorted there?
Yes.
. I am in the employ of the Post-office, the prisoner was in the situation that has just been described; in consequence of his absenting himself from the office, we sent a messenger after him on the Friday, he was not to be found, but on Saturday morning the 9th, his mother came with him, and she said she supposed as her son had not been at the office, he had been doing what he ought not to have been doing, and she searched his box.
Was that in the boy's hearing?
No.
Be so good as tell me what passed in his hearing?
When they were produced, did he acknowledge that his mother had taken them from his box?
Not in words; I asked him how he came by those notes; he said, that on Tuesday he met Davis in Oxford-road, that Davis owed him twelve shillings, which he desired he would pay; Davis said, he had not twelve shillings, but put his hand into his pocket, and said, take these, and that then Davis left him.
What day of the month was the Tuesday, that he said he had met Davis?
The 5th; there were two other notes produced by his mother for single pounds; the boy said, he had received those two pound notes from a man to whom he had sold some rabbits.
The boy was kept in custody; was any enquiry made?
Yes; a clerk of Messrs. Williams brought the particulars of the notes that were lost.
Do you know whether that unhappy lad's father is living?
No, he is dead.
I am a waggoner, I drive the Wendover waggon: I saw the prisoner on a Wednesday morning in September, I believe it was during Bartholomew fair; I was sitting in the Bell tap-room, in Warwick-lane, and the ostler had got a little poney, that I had had with the team, watering it, and that lad came in, and asked whose property it was; I told him it was mine; he asked me if I would fell it; I told him I did not care whether I did or not; at last I agreed to fell it him for three guineas; provided I would let him have it to shew his father, he said, if he was not back in twenty minutes he would forfeit a shillingsworth of punch; I told him he must leave something then, and he gave me a five pound note; he came back, and said his father thought it too dear; we agreed at last, and I gave him one pound seventeen shillings out of the five pound note.
I am a taylor: A few day after Bartholomew-fair the prisoner came to me, and gave me an order for a coat and waistcoat, I live in Cross-street, Hat ton-garden, he paid me for them before-hand; I told him he had better not chuse them himself, but desire his mother to come; however, I agreed to make them for him; he gave me a five pound Banknote, and I gave him two pounds one shilling and sixpence in change; I do not know the number of the note, but my name is upon the back of it.
I am one of the Bow-street officers: On Friday, the 15th of September, I went to the prisoner in the Cold-bath-fields House of Correction, he gave me these papers, and said, that was all he could say about it; I went by the direction of Mr. Parkins, the Solicitor; it is his own voluntary consession.
I am foreman at the Powder-mills at Waltham-Abbey.
Do you know Davis?
Yes; he was employed at the Powder-mills, in August last, he came there on the 16th of August, and from that time to the 31st, he was regularly at work at the mills, except one afternoon, when I gave him liberty to go out for half a day. September the 1st, 2d, 3d, and 4th, three quarters of a day; the 5th, 6th, and 7th, a whole day; he worked there by the name of John Evans.
Is that the man?
Yes.
How far is Waltham-Abbey from Shoreditch church?
Near twelve miles.
How came you to take the name of Evans?
I was under some trouble for debt, and as my name was Evans, I thought I had a right to take it. I was employed in the Post-office, and was dismissed, because I was deficient in the Treasury, I could not make up the money that I owed.
Had you any connection with the prisoner on the 5th or 6th of September?
No.
Did you ever give him any notes?
No; I never saw the lad from the 26th of July till I saw him at Bow-street; nor since that time till now.
You knew him while he was in the Post-office?
Yes; I knew him and his father, he has been dead about a year and a half.
What I have said, is true; but I cannot recollect exactly the day.
