What is your husband's name?
William Ashwin.
You are his wife?
Yes.
Was you robbed at any time, and when?
On the 19th of November I think it was.
Was the prisoner your servant at the time?
She was not, she came to wash a few things for me; she came about seven o'clock that day, and she went away about ten, and I missed the things when she was gone.
Did you miss all the articles that you put in the indictment?
No, I did not miss them altogether.
But they were all missing at one time or the other?
Yes.
Did you ever find any of them again?
Yes, she sold them to Mrs. Hall.
What did you find at Mrs. Hall's? did you find all the articles there?
Yes, all there but the petticoat. Mrs. Hall has got them.
What may you be?
I keep a sale shop.
What an old cloaths shop?
Yes, No. 18, Great White Lion-street .
Where does Mrs. Ashwin live?
In Mercer-street.
How far is your house from Mercer-street?
Not far, about the length of a small street.
Look at the prisoner and see if you ever see her before?
Not to my knowledge; I cannot recollect any thing of the woman.
What do you produce?
A sheet, shirt, and blanket; I bought these things.
Did you receive them from a woman or a man?
Of a woman.
What did you give for them?
Four shillings and ten-pence.
Is that the full value?
Yes, I think rather more than the value.
What day were they brought to you?
On Wednesday, the 19th of November, about twelve o'clock.
Have you kept them from that time to this?
Yes.
Then you don't know any thing of this woman?
No, nothing at all.
Have you any reason to believe that she stole them?
No, only that she owned that she was the woman, at the magistrate's.
Was the examination taken in writing there?
I believe so.
I canot swear to the sheet or blanket; I know the shirt and the shirt, I know the shirt very well by the mending of it, it was my husband's shirt, there is no name on it at all.
How do you know that the woman took them?
I cannot say she took them, I never see her take them.
Have you any other reason to suppose that she took them, than that she was in the house?
No, I have no other reason.
