I know the prisoner; I never saw her till the evening I lost my watch, the 31st of October, in Oxford-road ; she asked me if I would give her any thing to drink; I went into a house with her between eleven and twelve o'clock at night; I was in the room a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes with her, she asked me for money, I told her I had none; after a little while, I found her hand about my job, and then I perceived her pull my watch out; I took hold of her directly; she then holloaed out, murder, and three or four women came into the room; the watch was called, and I gave charge of her; she was taken before a Magistrate, and committed.
Were you sober at the time?
I was a little in liquor.
Are you a married man?
Yes.
Where do you live?
At Norwood.
I am a watchman in Oxford-street; On Wednesday, the 31st of October, about half past eleven o'clock, I heard the rattles spring; I enquired what was the matter; they said, there was a piece of work up stairs; there were four girls in the room, and a young fellow with a silk handkerchief about his knee; the prisoner had nothing on but her shift; I searched her clothes, I turned her petticoats up one by one, and I searched her all over, and I searched the man, but I could not find any property at all; the prosecutor gave charge of the girl, and she said, she would give charge of him; he staid all night in the watch-house, because, as Norwood was a great way off, we thought we, could not have him soon enough in the morning to have him before the Justice; the watch has never been found.
I am a watchman in Oxford-street; I went to the house; they told me there was murder cried; I went up stairs, and there were the gentleman and the girl in the room; this gentleman had hold of the girl by the throat, choaking of her; I parted them, and then he turned round and collared me, he was quite drunk; then I went down and sprung my rattle to get assistance, but no property was found.
I was ordered by the springing of the rattles to this house; I saw the prisoner in her smock, and Mr. Smith standing by her; the room was searched, but there was nothing found but one farthing in the middle of the floor.
I met the prosecutor about a quarter past eleven o'clock at night, in Oxford-buildings; he offered me 3s. to stay with me all night; I said that was too little, and he pulled my cloaths off my back, and treated me very ill, if it had not been for assistance, he would have choaked me; he put his hand in his pocket, and missed his watch, and then charged me with it; I never saw his watch or money; I have a witness here to prove that he had been with other women before.
The prosecutor came with a young woman that lodges in the next room to me, not the prisoner; my husband was very ill in our own room, and I begged they would not make a noise, for I did not expect my husband to live; this man said, he had lost his watch; there were four or five women round him, but the prisoner was not there at all; then he was with five or six women before he went up stairs with the prisoner; he said, he would make somebody pay for the watch, for he had lost it; I have known the prisoner four years, and have always known her to be very honest.
I have employed the prisoner to look after my family and property in my absence; I have known her nine years, I always found her very honest.
