I am landlord to this house; there is a benefit society held at my house, known by the name of the Amicable Society, in Noble-street, Foster-lane, Cheapside ; the prisoner was one of the members, and one of the stewards, called the under steward : Keates was the upper steward : I give bond in security for one hundred pounds, for money that is in this box: the head steward holds the bond for the benefit of the rest; the box then is deposited in my hands: the box is fastened by three locks; and the money is deposited by the stewards, in the presence of the society; those locks have three different keys; each of the stewards have one; I have the others; (the Bond read by Mr. Garrow.) I am answerable for the box and contents, let it be what it may; there was a meeting of the club on the 3d of February; the prisoner was present; the box was opened in order to go on with business: Lacy had a key; I, the other, and Keates, a third; so, without the three keys, the box could not be opened, all being different locks and different keys; when the box is opened, it there stands till they are ready for business: I did not see him again till the day he was taken, about a fortnight after the club-night.
Are you a member of this society?
No.
Your business is to keep the box, and deliver it on club nights, when the members are there met?
Yes.
Then it was not in your possession at the time this money was took, as you had delivered up the key?
No; I had delivered it up.
I am the first steward; the prisoner was the other; each of us had a key of the strong box, and Mr. Lamb.
Was you at the society on the 3d of February?
I was; the prisoner having the key of Mr. Lamb, unlocked two locks, and I the other; then the prisoner asked me if I would go down for two plates, to receive the money from the different members; when I returned, he was standing by the club box; and as soon as I came in, he went out of the room; in about three or four minutes before, the landlady came up and asked whether Lacy was gone? we said, no, he cannot be gone, because he has left his key behind him; she said she thought he was gone, because he paid three shillings at the bar; and being asked if he was going, said he would be damned if he was not: soon after, we examined the box, and found six guineas gone from the gold bag; on that we apprehended Lacy; there was an advertisement, offering a reward to apprehend him: this man had been a member about six years; and we contribute about nineteen pence a month; when he was taken, he said that as the box was under an arrest, and he was a young man, he thought he had a right to secure himself: what he alluded to, was this; there was a member, his name is Thomas Gregory , that was scratched out for not paying up his subscription; and this Gregory had laid two actions on the stewards; and the stewards had had a guinea out of the box to defend it.
I conceive there is no plea of accusing him of criminality; because he thought he had a right to it.
Then the box and the money was in the possession of this man, when you went down stairs?
Yes; it was on the table with the clerk and the other members.
What was the sum Gregory wanted to recover?
He wanted to recover seventeen years money paid in.
I am a member of this club; I was in there the 3d of February; I saw the club box unlocked, the prisoner took the gold box out, and counted money, I am sure, guineas; I then sat down, and said to him, Jem, what you doing with the gold bag? as soon as Keate returned, he went out of the room; I did not see him again for about a fortnight; I saw the bag opened, and there was about three guineas and a half in it.
Was you present when he was before the magistrate?
I was; he then said that the box was under an arrest, and he thought he would take his own.
I am a member of this society, but was not present when this was transacted: I saw seven guineas and a half securely locked up on the monthly night before.
I am the clerk to this society; I was present on the 3d of February; that was the first time he had acted as steward; I saw the prisoner have the gold bag in his hand, and see him chuck it into the box again, go down stairs, and not return, immediately; six guineas were missing: I never knew any one instance where it was allowable for the stewards to take money out of the box, without the authority of the meeting: the payments made to the sick members are always had of the landlord.
I am a constable of the City: about a fortnight ago, I was applied to to take the prisoner, which I did in a court in White-cross-street, in a narrow alley going into White-horse-court; I found him in a room, after I had pushed against the door, and it then broke open, in a corner of the room: I had been after him three or four days with a warrant.
