On Saturday the 20th of February, I went to Covent-garden, and came back again about a quarter before seven o'clock; as I came through Leicester-fields, the prisoner followed behind me, I had a muff in my hand; I took my hand out of my muff, and felt something come upon this hand, like scalding water; I turned round, and saw the prisoner go from me, and look into a pastry-cook's shop; she was close to me when I turned round, and there was nobody else near, except the two patroles, who were standing at the corner of the street, besides a little girl, who is in Court; I did not take any further notice, but my muslin petticoat dropped under my feet, by that time I had got to the top of the Hay-market.
Had you said any thing to her?
No.
Were these things whole before you saw her that evening?
Yes; there is a person in Court that saw me put them on; my hand was very red, but it was not blistered; she had insulted me on the Thursday before; as I was coming across Leicester-fields, at the corner of Bear-street, she was standing there, and a very ill-looking man along with her; she called to me, mistress, I want to speak to you, says she, how do you find money? I said, like all the world, sometimes I have some, and sometimes I have none; she asked me if I had any now, I said, no; she asked me to go with her to the wine vaults, in Castle-street; I told her I had rather not; she insisted upon my going with her, and as she was going along, she made a kind of a jump, as if she was about to jump upon his back; she put a pin into his shoulder, and then he turned round and drew a knife upon her; she went to the wine vaults and had some rum, she pulled out a shilling and asked me to toss up for it; I had a glass of carraway and paid for it myself; I had seen the woman before, and spoke to her once or twice.
What is your business?
I wash and iron, and go to gentlemen's houses sometimes, and she insulted me with that on the Thursday; I met her about a quarter of an hour after; I left her at the wine vaults, and she followed me to my lodgings, and told my landlady I was nothing but a common woman of the town; she said, if she ever catched me going that way again to pick up gentlemen, she would give me a glass of aqua-fortis to drink, and there was a woman with her, but she has gone away, and would not appear.
You are the wife of John Parker?
Yes.
Pray what is your husband's business?
A smith.
Where do you live?
At Mary-le-bonne; we have been parted between two and three years.
And you have got your living, since that time, by washing and charing?
Yes; my father allows me twelve shillings a week; and I keep my child.
You had a muff and a muslin petticoat, and had been to Covent-garden and back again; upon your oath, have you no other way of employment than charing?
No other way.
You were very much offended therefore with the prisoner, for charging you with walking the streets; your virtue was offended with such a charge?
Yes.
You were particularly angry at this, because there was not a word of truth in it?
She had no right to charge me with it.
Was it true or false?
It is true she insulted me with walking the streets.
But is it true or not you did walk the streets.
You must not ask that.
A woman of character, however, of course, would be angry at being charged with it?
I did not mind any thing she said about it.
Will you repeat that you were not at all angry at her charging you with walking the streets?
I was not at all.
Did you speak to any body upon the spot upon the subject?
I did not.
Did you, upon your oath, or did you not, speak to any body upon the spot, relative to this transaction?
I said, there was something the matter with my hand.
Did you speak to a watchman upon the subject?
After it was done, I did; when I came from there to go to Bow-street.
Did you call out to any watchman to take her up at the time?
I did not know she had damaged my cloaths.
But in point of fact, you did not call a watchman?
No.
Did you or did you not state to the watchman, that the prisoner was at that moment on the spot?
I said, this woman had insulted me the Thursday before, and insisted upon his taking her to the watch-house; and he said, he was particularly acquainted with her.
I ask, whether, when you spoke to that watchman, you did or not state to him that the prisoner was upon the spot, and desired him to take her into custody?
Not that very night.
Did you not call out to the watchman as if the transaction had taken place but a moment before, and desired him to take the prisoner into custody?
I did not.
How soon did you go to a Magistrate?
That very instant.
Did you go to the Magistrate before you spoke to the watchman or after?
I cannot tell exactly.
It is impossible you should have forgot?
I did before I went to the watchman.
Did Justice Addington grant you a warrant directly?
No; the clerk of the office gave orders to two constables to go after her; one of them said, he had known her a long while; and I got no warrant till Monday morning.
Do you recollect the conversation you had with the watchman, when you saw him?
Yes; I told him, he was a very odd sort of a man, not to take her when she was abusing me.
You did not tell the watchman you could not swear that the prisoner threw this upon your gown?
I cannot swear to it now.
Did you not tell him you could not get a warrant, because you could not swear positively to her?
I did say that.
I am entirely innocent; I would be much obliged to my counsel to ask where she saw me last, and drank with me last.
You felt no particular inconvenience from this?
It did not hurt my hand a great deal, my eyes were very much damaged; I had wiped my face with my petticoat.
The skin never came off your hand at all?
No.(For the prisoner.)
I am early watchman of St. Ann's parish, in Leicester-fields: On the 20th of February, I saw the prosecutrix.
Do you recollect whether it was before or after the prisoner was taken up?
It was as I began to call seven, or half past seven, I am not sure which; she desired me to take the prisoner; I told her, she had better go and get a warrant; and she said, you shall take up your acquaintance immediately; I said, I did not see her.
What did she say the prisoner had done to her?
Burnt her cloak.
What else?
After that, I told her, she had better go to the Justices; in about an hour I saw her again; she said, she had been to the Justice's, and he could do nothing in it, without she could swear that it was the prisoner that did it.
In what way of life is that woman?
I really don't know.
Do you frequently see her?
I have seen her at different times; I don't know her way of life.(For the prosecution).
I was coming along Bear-street, Leicester-fields, I met Mrs. Parker; I saw the prisoner speak to Mrs. Parker; and Mrs. Parker turned round again, but did not hear her say any thing at all; it was at the pastry-cook's shop; and then she went to the corner and spoke to the patrole.
Was it to the last witness that was here just now, that she spoke?
Yes; to the patrole.
You heard Mrs. Cotterel speak to Mrs. Parker?
Yes.
Did you see her do any thing but speak to Mrs. Parker?
No; I was walking with Mrs. Cotterel; I met her in Bear-street; and I met Mrs. Parker; I walked with her to the corner, and then she spoke to the watchman.
Did you see her do any thing to Mrs Parker?
No.
If she had done any thing you must have seen it?
I did not see her do any thing to her or any body else.(The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave her a good character).
