When was it you found her attempting your pocket, before you gave her the halfpence, or after?
Before, I told her to keep her hands off, when I felt her hands on my pocket.
When you gave her this copper what then?
She tusled her hand under my waistcoat pocket in a minute, and turned out nine shillings, at the same time as I was giving her the copper; this was in the public street, and not in the court, on the top of the court; the lining of my pocket was turned up.
What did the money tumble down, or how?
Upon my word I cannot be certain, but the money was gone.
Then you did not see it in her hand?
No, I did not.
Nor see it fall?
I did not, but her hand was put to my pocket, and I heard the silver rattle, but I see nothing of it.
Then for any thing you know the silver might have fallen on the ground?
It might very possibly.
On missing the silver what did you say or do?
I charged her with picking my pocket of nine shillings.
How do you know there was nine shillings in your pocket at that time?
I had changed at the coffee house, half a guinea, and had nine shillings in change, and put it into my pocket.
On your charging her with picking your pocket of nine shillings, what did she say, or do?
There was no further conversation passed then but what I have mentioned; then I laid hold of her, and gave charge of her into the watchman, or patrole's hands, she tried to rescue herself from me, but I never quitted her till I gave charge.
Where was she taken to?
To St. Martin's watch-house, she was searched there, and three half crowas were found on her, and two shillings and six-pence in silver.
What pieces of money was your nine shillings composed of?
Two half crowns and four shillings, I am sure of that.
Then there was one half crown piece more than you lost?
Yes, there was.
She had no six-pence of your's?
No, not to the best of my recollection.
What did you mean to give her?
Only the copper, no more.
What was done on finding this?
She went to push some money in the watchman's hands, I did not see this, but the watchman says she did.
Was she ever carefully searched?
I don't know that, the person is here who searched her.
I was up in this court, and he came up to me, and said, will you have a glass my girl? and he went to haul me about, and I would not be hauled about by him.
There was no sort of familiarity passed, I proposed nothing to her.
I am a watchman, belonging to the parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, and my watch beat is down Spring-gardens, this happened the 21st of January, just about half past eleven o'clock at night.
Was you quite sober?
Yes, I am sure I was.
I had just called the half past eleven, and I had got into the watchbox, and the patrole came by and challenged me, and I gave him the answer, as soon as I gave him the answer, I heard a talking in Buckingham-court, between some parties.
How far is your box from this court?
Quite at the corner. It was in the court, to the best of my remembrance, when I heard it, as soon as I heard that, I was endeavouring to stir out to see what was the matter, and in almost momentarily they came up to the box, and the prisoner at the bar, called out patrole; she was coming out of the court, and she told me that there was a gentleman threatened to knock her brains out.
Did you see any body near her at the time?
Not till they both came up to the patrole and me.
How soon after this did you see the prosecutor?
They were both together in the court, or coming out of it, I did not see them till they came up to the box.
Who was the first of them?
The woman was the first, and coming as from the court, it goes from Spring-garden Mows into Parliament-street, just by the Admiralty, they were coming from Parliament-street way, through the court into the Mews, my box is on the Mews side; it was all peaceable and quiet five minutes before.
On her saying this what past?
The man said that she had robbed him of nine shillings; while he was telling the patrole that, the woman came to me, and offered me half a crown in the box.
Did she say what she offered you the half crown for?
Not at all; I told her I dare not do any such thing, nor I would not; then the man came and told me that she had robbed him; says I, you must charge her with it, and he did, and I and the patrole took her to the watch-house.
Was you present when she was searched there?
Yes, she pulled the money out of her pocket herself.
What did she pull out?
I cannot charge my memory, I believe about ten shillings, it was what she herself produced.
I am one of the beadles of St. Martin's in the Field; I was on duty that night, between eleven and twelve o'clock on the 21st of January last, the prosecutor and the watchman brought the prisoner at the bar into the watch-house, the prosecutor said he was robbed of nine shillings; I said, my good woman, you must be searched, I was approaching to search her, and she said I will pull out all I have got, and she throwed out three half crowns, two shillings and six-pence, and four-pence in copper, three-pence halfpenny and two farthings, I searched the outside of her pocket, and there was nothing else in her pocket.
Did she undergo any further search?
No.
Did any thing more pass?
The charge was taken, and she was committed to person the next day.
I told them I had eleven shillings all but two pence, in my pocket. This gentleman as I was coming across Buckingham-court met me; and as he met me I heard a noise of some woman, in this said court; with that I went down, and this man, the prosecutor, catched hold of me, and in catching hold of me, I said, what do you want? says he, will you have a glass of any thing? and I said, yes, if you please, then with that he gave me a penny, after he gave me this penny he wanted to be very bad with me indeed, and I would not consent to it, and after that he asked me how far I was going? I told him I was going into the Strand, to pay some money away; as I came out he said he would give me an unlucky blow, that he would make me call the watchman to him, I called the watchman and the patrole, and the watchman came out of his box directly; says I, I will give you something if you will not let this man meddle with me, and after that then the watchman he came out, and behaved very civil indeed, and after that this man charged me for a robbery, I knowed myself very innocent; the watchman said you must go up to the watch-house; I said I will go up with you. I had been working for a person that keeps a chandler's shop in Westminster, one Mr. Burrows, and his wife paid me five shillings for washing, that very day.
