I am an overseer of the parish of Christ Church, Middlesex; I know nothing of the fact.
I am a watchman belonging to Christ Church, Spitalfields. On the 7th of November, about half after twelve in the morning, I found the deceased in the middle of the road, of the foot path in Rose-lane, he was almost dead when I saw him, he was past speaking to me.
How was he dressed?
Very mean, in a blue jacket, and long trowsers, and a check shirt on, he had no hat on, his hat lay on one side and I took the hat and laid it under his head; I made the best of my way to the watch-house, and informed the officer and beadle of it, in about the space of a quarter of an hour we got back and he expired in the time before we could get him to the watch-house.
Was he alive when you came back?
Yes, he was just alive and that was as much as ever we could discern.
Did you know the deceased before?
No, I know nothing at all of him; he was a black man.
You had never seen him before?
Not to my knowledge.
Then you don't know that it is the person described in the indictment?
I do not, there was a person there, and a petition was found in his breeches pocket to take him back to his own country addressed to the East India company, that was all that was found about him; he was taken to the watch-house and was there till the next morning, when they carried under the church for the coroner and jury to sit on him.
You found his hat off his head by the side of him?
I did, I took his hat and put it on his head.
Did you leave him in the road when you went to the watch-house?
I did, I was not gone above two minutes.
I am a journeyman shoemaker, I live in White Lion-yard, Whitechapel, at Mr. Stevens.
What do you know of this matter about the black?
I know the black was in Jacob Jeggett 's house very ill, in Catharine Wheel-alley.
Did you know the black?
Yes, by sight.
Did you know his name?
John Dullen .
How long had he lived there?
About three weeks, as nigh as I can recollect.
Had you ever been at his lodgings with him?
I lodged in the same room with him at Jeggett's.
Was you a lodger there before he came?
Yes.
How long had he been there?
About three weeks.
In what room was it?
two pair of stairs room.
How many beds were there in the room?
Five.
Did any body else sleep in the bed with the black man?
Nobody at all.
Do you know any thing about that black man's falling ill?
No, he was ill some time.
Was he ill when he came to this man?
He was not.
How soon did he fall ill?
About a week.
Do you know what was the matter with him?
I think it was a kind of fever he had on him.
Did you ever feel his hands?
He did not make any complaint, but I thought it was a fever because his lips were all of a scale all about his mouth; they peeled.
Had you any opportunity of observing whether he could take nourishment?
He had nothing to eat or drink for two or three days.
How did house to be supported before he was so bad?
I cannot tell, he always use to go out every morning.
Did he go out a begging?
I imagine he did, but I cannot say.
How long before he died was he confined to his room?
He went to bed on Sunday morning about eleven, and he was taken out of the house on Wednesday.
Did he continue in bed till he was taken out?
He was out of bed, but not to have his clothes on.
During that time, had he no nourishment?
I saw none given him, but a bit of red herring, and a bit of bread, and a part of a pint of beer; he did not take the bread or herring, but he did drink the beer.
Had he nothing else?
No, nothing at all. He laid in bed till Wednesday about twelve o'clock at night.
Did you observe the progress of the disorder?
He grew worse and worse, after drinking of the beer; about five o'clock at night, Wednesday evening, Jeggett came up into the room, I was there, and Arthur Driver was there too, he went to the black man's bed, he said, Come, come, get up.
Did he receive any answer?
He could not speak; Jacob Jeggett put the black man's clothes on, his jacket and shoes.
Did any body help him?
No, nobody at all; Jeggett held him up in his arms on the bed, without any help at all.
Had Jegget said any thing to you, or to Arthur Driver , before he did this?
He said, he was very troublesome; he said, he should be glad, if he could get him out of the house, because he disturbed his other lodgers.
Was there any thing said about the state of the health of the man?
He said, he thought he would die; that was all the discourse we had; he put his clothes on, and let him lie till about twelve o'clock at night, and then he came up, and took him on his back, and carried him down out of the room.
Was you there when he came up?
I was.
Was there any body else?
Driver was there, and Mrs. Doller was there, a woman that lodged in the room.
Had she any thing to do with the black man?
No, she had nothing to do with the black man at all.
When Jeggett came up, what did he do then?
There was a man that helped him, I cannot tell his name, they used to call him Old Bill; he was in the room when he came up, he was in bed.
Did Old Bill get out of bed to help him?
He did, in his shirt; Jeggett asked him, to help him.
In what manner was it he helped him?
He hauled him up on Jeggett's back.
When he had got him on his back, what did he do then?
He went down stairs with him.
Do you know where he went?
No, I do not.
Had you looked at the man any short time before he dressed him, or took him?
He was laying in bed, he said nothing to nobody at all, he was only playing with the bed clothes, senseless; he had no senses to ask for any thing.
Did you see the man afterwards, at the watch-house?
No, I did not.
Nor before the coroner?
No, I did not.
Was not you before the coroner?
I was, but I never saw the black man after he was taken out of the room
Was not the body there before the coroner?
I did not see it.
Hooper, you stated to my Lord and Jury, that on Monday, I think it was, Mrs. Jeggett gave the deceased, some red herring, bread, and a pint of beer?
It was given him by a girl that came up into the room.
Who did that girl belong to?
She was a common girl of the town; she lodged in the house, but not in that room; she came up by chance into that room.
You say there were no other refreshment, nor nourishment given?
There was not; I was not out of the apartment for three days. My business calls me to be in the house, and I was not out for three days. I do my business up in that room, where all those beds are.
Will you say there was no tea given him in all these three days?
There was not.
Was there any tea given him after he was taken ill?
There was, but not in that three days; it was in some day in the course of the week before.
That was after the deceased had been taken ill?
It was.
That was after he had this fever, that you supposed on him?
It was.
His fever must be pretty high?
It was.
There had been no quarrel between you and the rest of the lodgers?
There might be words, but nothing particular.
Had you any words with the unfortunate deceased yourself?
Any words with him, yes; we had some words.
How long was it before he died?
It was on the Tuesday.
Tell the Jury what was the subject matter of these words. Why had you words with the deceased?
He brought a whore up into the room, and the same night Jeggett takes the woman out of the room from him, and persuades the woman to go down, and give six-pence for another bed, and he said, he had lost a guinea and three shillings.
And you thought it reflected on your character?
Certainly.
This, however, did not put him in a better situation with respect to your attention to him. You did not like him the better?
I did not.
Did you complain, either to Jeggett, or his wife about it?
I did.
You thought, that Jeggett and his wife might take too much care of this black man?
I did not; this man was not sick at that time.
Did not you, when he was sick, complain, that you had not so much attention paid you as this black man?
No, I did not; I never made mention of such words.
Was not the subject of the complaint, that the blackman was treated better than the other lodgers?
I don't know what the other lodgers did.
Hear the question, and give an answer?
I did not.
On your oath, you did not after the time that he was sick?
The lodgers made complaint, as how, he smelt, and that how he was looked after more than a white man.
Who did they complain to, perhaps, they complained to Jeggett, or his wife?
It was talking one among another.
Did not they complain when Jeggett and his wife was present?
I cannot say, they were present.
Now this Ann Dollar , you mentioned. Who is this Ann Dollar ?
She is a woman, so far as I know.
You gain no credit in answering in that sort of way; is not Ann Dollar a common woman living with you?
Yes, she was a common woman.
Has not Ann Dollar told you, that this complaint was made by you?
I never made such a complaint at all.
We have been told by you just now, that you quarrelled with this man on his charging you, together with the lodgers, with stealing some money. On your oath, in the course of that quarrel, did not you proceed to blows?
No.
Will you swear, that you did not strike the deceased?
On my oath, never; nor ever attempted it.
I lodge at Jeggett's. I know the black man, he laid in the next bed to me, before Mr. Jeggett moved him.
How long had he been at the lodgings?
Eighteen or nineteen days, I am not positive which.
How long was he there, before he was taken ill?
Five days.
Do you know what his disorder was?
I cannot say.
What was the consequence of his illness?
He rather drank a little free, and catching cold, it threw him into a fever.
What is your reason for thinking he had a fever?
He had a very strong one, by his sweating and shaking.
Was there any care taken of him?
There was care taken of him, till the Sunday; there was tea brought to him.
Was he able to eat?
No, he was not.
When was the tea brought him?
It was brought him on Sunday twice; first in the morning, and then in the afternoon, he drank the tea.
Who brought the tea?
Mrs. Jeggett herself.
Did he grow better or worse?
He was worse on Monday.
Do you know whether he had any beer on Monday?
He had a pint of beer that I brought him myself.
Had he taken any other nourishment?
No, no other.
After Monday, how was he then?
He was very bad indeed.
Was he able to speak on Monday?
Yes, but it was in his own Indian tongue; he was a native of Bombay; he was quite out of his senses for two days.
What day was he out of his senses first?
On Wednesday, that same night that he was taken out.
Was tea offered him after the Monday?
No, not a drop, nor any thing of the least nourishment.
Did any body apply to the parish officers that he might be taken care of?
No. On Wednesday he was senseless, but he had taken nothing since Monday; on Wednesday at two o'clock, Mr. Jeggett came up and he said, I believe he is going, and in the afternoon I cannot cleverly mention the hour, Mr. Jeggett came up again and put his clothes on.
Did he say any thing then?
Not that I heard; Mr. Jeggett put the clothes on himself, and a little before twelve, Mr. Jeggett came up with a candle and waked a man that they caled old Bill, for to help him up with the black man on his back and left the candle and took him down stairs.
Did old Bill help him up?
He did.
Do you know where he carried him to?
I was not out of bed.
Did you ever see the black man afterwards?
No, I did not.
Was you one of the lodgers that complained that this black man was treated better than the white men?
No.
Who was it complained of that?
I cannot say, there was a man that was pressed happened to repeat that word, Will Baker , he said he was indulged in the house more than we were, but labouring people can have no indulgence but from their own labour.
It was you that brought up the herring and beer?
No, I brought up the beer, but a woman brought up the herring.
How do you get your living?
At the gate, working at labouring work; I go at three and come home at nine.
How do you employ yourself in the middle of the day?
I am disabled, I am a lame wounded seaman.
Therefore what nourishment he had during the time you was out you cannot tell.
On the 6th of November, I was sitting up for my husband coming home, I live in Rose-lane, Spitalfields; about the hour of twelve o'clock, I heard somebody groan, being by myself, I heard a man come along, I looked out of window, and he said, for God's sake bring a light; I brought a light and I found a man lying on the second step of a door, right facing where I live, with his hat under his head; I spoke to him and asked him where he came from? he strove very hard to speak but could not; I desired the man to take charge of him till such times as I could go and get the parish chair to take him to the watch-house; I went up to get my bonnet and cloak, and before I could come down again the man called, for God's sake bring down the light, for he is dead; I went down, he was fell down from the step of the door into the middle of the road way, but he was not dead, he seemed to me to be in a convulsion fit; I waited till such time as he came to himself a little, and I spoke to him again, he could not speak; he threw his hands three times, and said, O, O dear! I waited till such times as the parish chair came and took him away.
Did you observe the colour of the man?
I see he was a black.
Did you ever see the man afterwards?
Not at all.
How far is your house from Jeggett?
I suppose it may be the length of this street.
Had you seen the black man before this?
Never before.
You saw nothing of Jeggett that night?
Nothing at all.
Mrs Clark, I want to ask you one question or two; when you saw this unfortunate man that you have described, he was laying on the second step of the door?
He was.
On the foot pavement with his hat under his head?
He was.
I am the daughter of the last witness. On the 6th of November, a little before twelve o'clock, I was going out for a pint of beer, and I see Mr. Jeggett come by with a man; I was in Rose-lane, standing by my mistress's door.
Who is your mistress?
One Sarah Mountain , she lives not far from my mother; Jeggett lives in Catherine-wheel-alley.
Was this further than your mother's from Catherine-wheel-alley or nearer?
Nearer.
Is your mistress's door numbered?
Yes, No. 22, I saw the prisoner Jeggett run by with a man in his arms, he was going down Rose-lane, he came out of his own court, he laid him down at the Plumber's Arms steps, and he pulled his hat off, and laid it under his head.
What did he do then?
He left him, and went home; I saw him go up away into his own court. I ran away directly, as I saw him lay him down, for the pint of beer. My mother lives facing the Plumber's Arms, opposite.
Are you sure it was the prisoner, Jeggett?
Yes.
Did you know him?
Yes.
Could you see what sort of a man he had in his arms?
When I heard the man groan, I went and looked at him; he was a black man; I had seen him go in and out the lodgings there, at Mr. Jeggett's.
Did you ever see him afterwards?
No, I never saw him afterwards.
Did Jeggett speak to you as he past you?
No.
Did you hear him say any thing to the black man?
No.
Is the Plumber's Arms the house where you get your beer from?
No, I get mine from the Black Swan.
Has the Plumber's Arms a pretty good custom?
It has not got as much custom as some other public houses.
Do you know whether the Plumber's Arms was open or not?
They were shut up.
Whether there was company in the house or not you cannot tell?
There was none, the gentleman that belonged to the house said there was nobody there.
You don't know of your own knowledge but what there was company there?
I do not.
The hat that was under his head was a much easier thing to him than if his head had laid on the step? if you had laid him there would you or would you not have put that hat under his head to ease him?
I should.
I live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields.
Did you see any thing of this transaction that happened on Wednesday, the 6th of November?
I know so far as this of the man's lodging in his house, just before the clock struck twelve I heard a terrible groan, my girl went out for a pint of beer, and she told me that Mr. Jeggett had been carrying a man in his arms, and put him down at the Plumber's Arms steps.
I am an innocent man I do assure you.
Do you mean to say by it that you did not carry the man out of the house?
I laid him down by the Plumber's Arms, he told me to take him out.
I think the principles on which this indictment should be framed, are these. First of all, that it shall be described by what means the death is effected. In the next place, that it shall positively state on the face of the record, that these for means have been maliciously made use of the purpose; the means here described, are that in consequence of being exposed to the cold air, and not having the comforts requisite for him in the situation in which he was, he perished and died, it is not alledged that he died by any other means than this; I find the indictment states, that the prisoner at the bar did feloniously force and drive the deceased into the street, called Rose-street, that he did then and there leave him in this street, by means of which, and want of proper nourishment, he died. It does not state that he put him there destitute, and without any of the means of support.
Any objection of this sort is on the record, and this is not the stage for the business.
If I had known I had been in danger, I had a summons sent me at two o'clock, to attend before the corroner the next morning by nine, and I was there by half after eight, if I had thought I had been in any danger, I certainly should not have gone.
I lodged in this house of Jeggett's at this time, I knew the deceased.
I believe you and Hooper lodged together?
Yes.
Do you know whether Hooper has made use of any expressions about the black?
He said he was a black buggar, and that he had served him so and so, and that he ought not have that countenance shewn him, because they were such bad people where the black people came from.
How came he to say that?
Because Mr. Driver often swore to him, and I said to him, I must leave the room if you swear to him so, let him be a black or what he will.
Do you remember the black having any refreshment at any time?
Yes, a piece of\\ to\\ ast and tea. I think it was to the best of my knowledge on Sunday evening rather before dark, when this was brought him, Hooper and Driver who were in bed, said it is more than you will give to us, chuck him out of window.
I lodged in the same house in Catherine Wheel-alley, where the deceased did.
Do you know any thing about any\\ to\\ ast or tea being given to the deceased?
So far I can tell that Mrs. Jeggett always behaved very well, brought him a pint of tea and some\\ to\\ ast and bread and butter every morning. I saw a bason of tea and sometimes\\ to\\ ast placed before the bed for the black man, where he lay.
How long before he died?
I don't know any thing about his dying, because I am a lodger, I lodge there twenty weeks last Friday; I get up in the morning about eight and go out and come home about nine at night, and I always saw a a bason of tea when I go out.
What was Jeggett's general character?
As far as I know he always behaved exceeding well to a lodger.
I have kept a house within a few yards of Jeggett for four years, I never heard any thing against his character as to good nature and humanity since I lived there.
A more barbarous and inhuman thing I never heard, I am afraid it is not so unfrequent a practice as one could wish, your verdict is justifiable, therefore no action lies further on there indictments; but I think the crown has a right to proceed against him for an assault, and I shall detain him that he may be indicted for an assault.
