- On the 7th of this month, I lost the things named in the indictment, (repeating them) ; I had seen them in the parlour, where they were stolen from, at one o'clock at noon; that day I came home about nine o'clock in the evening, then they were gone; the bed was brought back before I got home.
You have recovered nothing but the bed?
No.
How long had you had that bed?
Eleven years, I believe, or thereabout.
What did you give for it originally?
It is no matter, I lost it.
What did you give for it?
It was given me.
And you mean to say that, having had it eleven years, it is worth fifty shillings?
Yes; thereabout.
It was not a new one, perhaps, when you had it originally?
The bed is there.
Was it new when you first had it?
No, it was not.
I am fourteen years old next April.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
No.
You never were taught?
No.
- I am sister to Mrs. Ladson; I left the room where the bed was taken from, about twenty minutes before eight in the evening; I was the last in the room; I left the bed and the other things in the parlour; when I left the room, I went down into the kitchen to my sister, till near eight o'clock, and in that time the things were taken away; an alarm was given, and the bed was brought back about eight o'clock.
Do you know the value of the bed?
About fifty shillings: my sister opened it about ten months ago, and put more feathers in it.
The things amount all together to about sixty shillings, in your judgment?
Yes.
I am a grocer: I was behind the counter serving a customer, and I heard the alarm, and ran out; I took a different direction from the other people, and met the prisoner in North-street; I let him go by me, and followed him; upon that, he threw down the bed which he had upon his back, and ran away; I then cried out, stop thief, a gentleman met him, and threw him down; I was not above six or seven yards behind him; I never lost sight of him; the constable came up, and he was taken to the watch-house; the feather-bed was taken by a witness to the prosecutor's house.
- I was coming along Old-street-road, and met a man with a bed upon his back, it was not tied in any thing; it hung over him; so that I cannot swear to him; I had not got many yards before somebody cried, stop thief; I enquired what was lost, and they said, a bed; I told them he was gone on just before; he was stopped, and the bed was carried to the prosecutor's house.
There were a good many persons about him?
Yes.
It was darkish, was it not?
A little darkish.
This is my bed.
