I live at Battlebridge, St. Pancras: On the 20th of November last, returning home, after I had collected linen to wash, I stopped for soap, starch, and blue, at Mr. Savage's oil-shop, in Leather-lane, directly opposite Greville-street, I bought twenty-eight pounds of soap; I had not gone two hundred yards into Liquorpond-street, before I observed that my tail-board was loose; I jumped off the shaft, and ran round the cart as quick as I could, I heard the tail-board fall; I then saw the prisoner with it in his hand, he had just picked it up; he said, Daddy, does not this belong to you; yes, says, I, I believe you know it does; he said his wife said that it dropped from my cart; he said he would help me all he could, he was a long while, and I desired him to desist; after I had put up the tail-board, I asked him if he would drink any thing, we were directly opposite the White-hart public-house; he told me he had no objection, and we had a quartern of gin and bitters; I gave him the halpence, he wished me good night, and said, I know all is safe, and wished me safe home; I had two hundred pounds worth of property in my cart; I jumped up on the shafts, and I found all was safe, I went on till I got home; I took off the upper tail-board, and was going to take the lower one down, when a neighbour called out to me that there was a man upon the shafts of the cart, and asked me if I had employed any body to assist me; he pointed the man out to me, and said he was going off; I said, if he is the devil I will have him; I went over the way, got before him, and laid; hold of him; I did not see any thing upon him, but the soap was found within a yard of where I took the prisoner, and about thirty yards from the cart; I found it was the same man that I had treated in Liquourpond-street; while I held the man by the collar, Mrs. Grover came out and picked up the soap.
I am the headborough of St. James's, Clerken-Well; I was sent for to take the prisoner to Hatton-garden Office, and then it was brought to the office, and a mark put upon it.
When you bought it, had you made such observation of the property as to be able to swear to it?
I can swear this is the soap I purchased; it was not packed up, for I was rather later than usual, and I desired them not to mind how they packed it, and they just put a piece of paper round the sides, and tried it up, I suppose there never was a quarter of a hundred of soap went out of a shop packed up so; I can swear further, that it was in the cart when I got to my own door, for I put my elbow upon It when I got out of the cart.
You leaned upon the soap with your elbow?
Yes.
But there is no impression of your elbow upon it?
No.
Then I wish you would satisfy the Jury, if you can, that is the soap?
It was never out of my possession till I got home.
On Tuesday, the 20th of November, near upon six o'clock, I had a friend called upon me, upon some business, I went out with him, and when I got to the cart, there was not room for us both to pass, I let my friend go forward; I then saw the prisoner upon the shafts of the cart, upon that I called to Mr. Taylor, and asked him, if he had employed any body to unload the cart; he said, no; I said, there is a man at the top of the front part of your cart; upon that he immediately took a bundle, which he had in his hand, and put it under his drab great coat, that he had on; then he went to the horse's head, crept under the house's head, and ran away; I never lost sight of him till Mr. Taylor had got hold of him; I then left them together, and went on with my friend.
Did you see any thing drop from him?
No; the cart was between me and him.
What time in the afternoon was this?
It might be near six o'clock at night, it was moon-light, and very bright.
You never lost sight of him, thought the cart was between you and him?
I never did.
And yet you could not see any thing dropped by the prisoner, or any body else?
No.
I live at Battle-Bridge, in Britannia-street: I heard a great noise, and went to see what was the matter, I had not been at the door long before I saw a parcle lying by a dead wall just by my door, nearly opposite Mr. Taylor's; I went over to Mrs. Taylor, and fetched her, and she took it up, and carried it home.
The soap, when you saw it, was lying upon the ground?
Yes.
And you never saw the prisoner in possession of it?
No.
