I am a hatter in Fenchurch-street.
Have you dealings with Messrs. Maitlands in Basinghall-street?
Yes; they are merchants.
Do you recollect the person of the prisoner?
Yes; about the 8th or 9th of October, the prisoner came to our warehouse, in Fenchurch-street, he was directed into the accompting-house to me; he said, he would be much obliged to me to let him have one pound nine shillings and sixpence, to give change for a bill of Exchange which he had to receive of Mr. Fourdrinier, on account of Messrs. Maitlands, and that the money would be returned either by himself or a Mr. Bates, whom I knew, at that time, to be in the house of Messrs. Maitlands; I then desired my clerk to let him have it.
Did you ever after receive that one pound nine shillings and sixpence, either from the prisoner or Bates?
No, I did not; the moment he was gone out at the door I had some suspicion of him; he was taken up, I think, in the same month.
Did I ask you for it on the account of Messrs. Maitlands, upon your oath?
You did.
If this man had applied to you on his own account, would you have let him have it?
Certainly not.
I am servant to Mr. Townend, in Fenchurch-street: On the 9th of October, the prisoner came to our house, and I paid him one pound nine shillings and sixpence by direction of Mr. Townend, a guinea, a seven-shilling-piece, and eighteen-pence in silver.
Did you know him to have been in the employ of Messrs Maitlands?
Yes; my master asked me that question, and I told him I believed he did.
Did I tell you I lived with Messrs. Maitlands then?
You told me you did not want your gentlemen to know it, it was a mistake of your's; but I understood it was on account of Messrs. Maitlands; you told me, it was one pound nine shillings and four-pence you wanted, to take up a bill, and I gave you one pound nine shillings and sixpence; nothing further occurred.
Did I not tell you that I should refund it again?
Yes.
Did you make any communication of that to your master?
No; he took the money, and went away.
I am a clerk in the house of Messrs. Maitlands: The prisoner was formerly porter, he was discharged, I think, in the month of April, or thereabouts.
On the 9th of October, had Messrs. Maitlands any bill of Exchange due to them from the house of Fourdrinier?
Not to my knowledge.
If there had been such a bill, do you think you should have known it?
Yes.
Had you seen the prisoner that day at Messrs. Maitlands?
No; I have never seen him from the time he was discharged till this time.
From your knowledge of the reason of his being turned away, would he have been entrusted by Messrs. Maitlands, or by you?
He would not.
Did you ever authorize him to apply to Mr. Townend for any sum of money on the account of Messrs. Maitland, or yourself, and promise to return it in a short time?
I did not.
Was I not in the habit of carrying out bills of Exchange from 100l. to 500l. a day, at the time I lived in the house?
Yes.
Are there not many clerks in the house besides you?
Yes.
Are there not many bills of Exchange in the house that you know nothing of?
At that time I must have known it.
What was the firm of your house on the 9th of October?
Myself, Robert Maitland, Henry Sterry, and John Nettleship; I discharged the prisoner from our house on the 26th of the March, I think it was, or thereabouts; he was our porter, and used to be employed in carrying out bills.
After the cause of his being discharged, was he a person that you would have trusted in your house?
Certainly not.
On the 9th of October, had your house, any demand upon a Mr. Fourdrinier, for a bill of Exchange?
Not to my knowledge; Mr. Sterry takes upon him that department; I have never seen the prisoner from the time he was discharged till I saw him at the Mansion-house.
Did you authorize him to take up one pound nine shillings and sixpence for you?
No.
Did I not afterwards call upon you and ask you for a recommendation to Dimsdale's house, the bankers?
I recollect you did; I forgot that circumstance.
Did you not tell me, that as it was only from neglect, and not dishonesty, that I was discharged, that you would give me a recommendation?
No, I do not recollect that; I certainly never should have permitted him to have come into my house.
I am a partner in the house of Messrs. Maitlands; I discharged the prisoner from our service because I detected him in a fallacious answer.
Did you discharge him without the approbation of the rest of the partners?
I had the approbation of Mr. Sterry; Mr. Maitland was at that time in the country.
From the opinion you had of him, after you had turned him away, would you have trusted him with money concerns for the house?
Certainly not.
Was there any bill of Exchange upon Mr. Fourdrinier, on the 9th of October, at your house?
There never was the least demand upon Mr. Fourdrinier from us.
Did you give him any authority to apply to Mr. Townend for one pound nine shillings and six pence, to give change to Mr. Fourdrinier for a bill of Exchange?
Certainly not; he once called upon me to intercede to get him into the house again, and I told him I certainly could not; I advised him to get a place as soon as he could, and behave better than he had done with us.
I lived in Mr. Maitland's service three years, and having been in the habit of going to Mr. Townend's, I went there, and asked for this money; I told the young man I did not wish the house of Maitlands to know it, because it was for a purpose of my own; I intended to refund it again, and in about nine days after, I was taken to the Mansion-house. They wanted me to go for an East India soldier, which I refused, I was willing to go to sea; and I did not know till yesterday morning that there was a bill found against me.
