I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street: In consequence of an information, I went, in company with Thomas Griffiths, another officer, on Friday the 16th of November, to the Crown and Sugar-loaf, in Fleet-street, where I apprehended the prisoner in the tap room; I asked him how he was; he said he did not know me; I asked him his name; he said his name was Williams; I told him his name was Brown; I knew him very well - I have a certificate of his conviction.
Where did you get it from?
From Hickes's-hall; I saw Mr. Selby sign it.
I am servant to Mr. Kirby; the prisoner was delivered on the 2d of November, 1797, on board the Stanislaus hulk.
Did you see him tried?
No.
I am a servant to Mr. Kirby: I was present when the prisoner was tried at Hickes's-hall, in July, 1797.
I belong to the hulks, at Woolwich: Richard Brown received a conditional pardon in August, and was discharged from the hulks on the 30th of September.
Did not this young man behave well on board the hulks?
Extremely so, or he would not have been recommended; an application was made to us for a character of him.
You are in the Duke of Portland's, the Secretary of State's Office?
Yes.
Do you know whether any application was made to the Duke of Portland's office for another month?
Yes, he had a licence for another month, which was transmitted to the Recorder: that such a pardon did pass the seal, there is no question, and such a licence.
Do you know that the father has taken some pains to get him out of this country?
I am sure of it; and it has been only for want of opportunity that he now stands there.
I am a seaman.
Have you taken any pains to get the prisoner conveyed out of the kingdom?
Yes; and I have heard his father offer fifty pounds to get him a birth.
I am a slop-seller, at St. George's in the East.
Do you know of any endeavours of the father of this lad to get him out of the country?
Yes; within these ten weeks I was applied to to get him a situation; he said he would give twenty pounds for a birth: he applied to me several times.
I believe there is not the same case to get out a landsman as a seaman?
No.
I had an application made to me, by Mr. Smith, to get a birth for the prisoner; I had the promise of a birth for five weeks for him.
To go where?
To India.
I am the father of the prisoner.
From the time you had him from Woolwich, till he was taken up, where has he been?
Working for me at his business; it was his desire to go to sea, I have tried to get him a birth to Embden, and to India both.
Did you use every effort to get him conveyed out of the kingdom?
I did.
How has he behaved during that time?
With the greatest propriety.
