I am a clerk in the Ticket-office, at the Navy-officer: The Prisoner applied to me to receive his wages for his service on board the Mars, on or about the 22d of October; he produced a certificate purporting that his name was Henry Smith, and stating that he had lost all his papers, except that one certificate.
Look at that, and tell me if that was the certificate he produced?
Yes, this is the identical certificate.
In consequence of the production of that certificate, supposing it was good, would he be entitled to receive wages?
There may have been instances in which seamen may have received them upon such a certificate, but it is usual always to have an unserviceable ticket, which he stated he had lost; I looked at the certificate, and he immediately, of his own accord, produced another certificate, saying, that he had wages due, likewise, from the Medusa; I read the certificate.
Is that the certificate that he produced when he said that?
It is; I read the certificate, and observed, therein stated, that his name was Henry Grote; I asked him, why he was called Henry Grote in the Medusa, and Henry Smith in the Mars; the reason which he assigned was, that when he went into the Medusa, that was his first ship, and at that time he spoke very bad English, and he supposed the clerk had made a mistake, and put him down Henry Grote, when he meant to say Henry Smith; I examined the books, and found that there was a Henry Grote in the Medusa, and that he was discharged to the Mars; his name then stood, in the muster-book of the Mars, entered from the Medusa, in a very regular manner; and there was, likewise, a man of the name of Henry Smith, regularly entered as a sailor there.
Open your book, and see whether you are correct in what you say?
Henry Grote stands at No. 816, as coming from his Majesty's ship Medusa, born at Flushing, aged 29, an able seaman, deserted from her on the 18th of May, 1798, Plymouth-Henry Smith stands at No. 795; born at Canterbury, aged 22, an able seaman, invalided from the service, 29th of May, 1798. Plymouth Hospital.
Does the number, in this certificate, agree with the number in the book as attached to Henry Smith?
Yes; I paid Henry Smith his wages on the 22d of June last.
In consequence of this, what did you do?
I clearly perceived that he was personating Henry Smith; I took him to one of the superior clerks, who told me to let him go about his business, as a vagaboud and deserer, and telling him that it was a capital offence, however, the chief clerk happened to come in, and was of opinion that it was necessary he should be apprehended, and he was apprehended.
Certainly not.
I see, at the bottom of this certificate, he is described to be of a fair complexion?
Yes.
Does that correspond with the prisoner at the bar?
No, it does not.
He afterwards produced another certificate, for wages due to one Henry Grote on board the Medusa?
Yes.
One of them appears to be a demand in respect of Henry Smith, and the other of Henry Grote, and both were produced by the prisoner at the bar?
They were.
I am an officer on board the Mars; I entered on board about the same time that the prisoner did.
At that time, by what name did you know the prisoner?
Henry Grote.
Did you know a person of the name of Henry Smith also on board the Mars?
Yes, very well.
Was Grote's description on board that ship an able seaman?
He did duty in the forecastle.
Was Smith's description on board that ship an able seaman?
I do not know.
Then you knew Henry Smith , and Henry Grote, as two different persons?
Yes.
Do you know what became of Smith?
I have every reason to believe he was sent to the Hospital after the action; I know he received some injury in the action.
Do you know what became of the prisoner?
I believe he run.
You don't know that?
No; he was missed on board the ship in the month of May.
What action was it?
between the Mars and L'Hercule.
It was a very severe action, I believe?
It was, very severe.
Had you an opportunity of seeing his behaviour in that action?
I have reason to believe he behaved well in the action.
Did you ever hear that he had any relatives of the name of Smith?
I don't know; I believe not.
I am an officer on board the Mars; I knew the prisoner on board that ship by the name of Henry Grote.
Do you recollect another seaman on board the Mars of the name of Henry Smith?
Yes; he got hurt in the action, and was discharged to the Hospital in May.
Do you know what became of the prisoner?
He run from the ship after I left her.
You don't know that yourself?
No.
Had you an opportunity of seeing the conduct of the prisoner during the action?
Not during the action; but I had seen him at different times on the forecastle, he was very active and steady.
At the time that Smith went to the Hospital, in May, did the prisoner go?
No.
Whether he might go at any other time you cannot say?
No; I left the ship on the 16th of May, I left the prisoner on board.
Do you happen to know any thing of the connections of this man, or their names?
No.
