I live in St. Paul's Church-yard , I am a printseller , the prisoner at the bar is my prentice , he has got three or four years to serve; on the 18th of July I came home after having been out of town for two or three weeks, I heard I had been robbed, before which I had no suspicion at all that he had robbed me; upon which I went over to a neighbour, which is in court, Mr. Carr, and desired him to come over to me, whilst I asked the prisoner a few questions; I had him called, and there he confessed he had robbed me.
Before he confessed, did you make him any promise?
No, none, directly or indirectly.
Garrow. My Lord hath taken the pains to ask you whether you made any promise to induce him to make this confession, but I being particularly instructed, must press that question at this time a little farther; at this time, a Mr. Carr and Mrs. Hughes were present?
I believe they were.
You believe they were! Did not you say that you went out and asked Mr. Carr to come in?
But then I have my doubts respecting the other person, Mrs. Hughes.
Try to recollect yourself then, whether she was there?
She was.
Was a man of the name of Hopkins present?
I believe he was.
I wish to know when you called him up, whether you did not say this to him: \"I suppose Ross you know on what business I have called you, and the best recompence you can make is, that you discover the whole, that I may recover my property, and then I will not prosecute you?\" - I did in part, but not in the whole.
What part do you own?
I did not give him any promise that I would not prosecute him or take him up.
Will you swear you did not make him the most unqualified promise that you would not prosecute or take him up?
I did not.
Simpson, having set out that you did not promise directly or indirectly, be so good to tell what profession you are?
A drawing-master.
Be so good to recollect your own phrase, how you expressed yourself, the very words.
Recollect, before he said any thing to you, what were the words you made use of to induce him to confess?
I told him, Ross, I hear that you have robbed me, I should be glad if you would let me know how much you have robbed me of; and I think he asked to be forgiven, and said if I would forgive him, he would never do the like again; I likewise asked him where my property was, and he told me.
But before we get to this, he put one question to you, which was, what did you say to him, as an inducement?
I told him I would be as merciful to him as I could.
Garrow. After we had got so far, Mr. Tomkins a schoolmaster might come in?
I believe he might.
Was not this said by Mr. Tomkins to the prisoner, your master has promised exceeding fair, if you will tell what you have done, and where you have sold them, he will not take you up, it is your best way to tell every thing, and I will stand by you, and be your friend?
I believe he might say part, but I did not hear all.
I will read it to you again, it is not any conjuration of mine, Mr. Simpson?
He did not say that all in my presence.
What was not said?
He never said in my presence, he would not take him up.
Well, I will read it to you with that part struck out (Reads it;) do you agree to it now?
I do.
After this do not tell us any more what the young man said.
I went with the prisoner to the place where he sold the things, apart; I went to St. Giles's, to Mr. Cox, a printseller and bookseller, and found I believe two prints, but I cannot say what they were, there was a drawing also in chalk; I left them there, the two prints, but I brought the chalk drawing away, because I paid for it; I left word also with Mrs. Cox, he being not at home, to desire her husband to lock up the prints he bought of the prisoner: accordingly the next day Mr. Cox came with sundry prints and drawings which he bought of the prisoner, which are in Court; I found they were my property, and sent for an officer, and took the prisoner up, and we went before my Lord Mayor, and there I swore to them.
Had you any suspicion of him before?
No, I cannot say I had any well-grounded one.
Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. This lad was bound to you in a regular way, so as to be intitled to his freedom, and had served you between three and four years?
Yes.
He understood his business very well?
He did.
Have you employed him since he was in custody?
I did since he was in custody, in order to employ his mind.
I believe it was part of your contract to find the young man with clothes?
It was.
You performed it, I take it for granted?
I hope I did.
Then he did not want for any thing?
I do not know that ever he did.
Had you never any complaints upon this head?
I had one complaint from his father.
How long ago?
Not a great while ago, five, six, or seven months ago.
The complaint was, I believe, that he would carry you before the Chamberlian, to make you perform your contract; his father said he wanted shoes and stockings and the like?
His father did, and I said to him, Mr. Ross, I am very sorry you should come to me to ask me for such things as these, when your son has bought himself better things than I wear myself, better hats, and boots he has bought himself at twenty-five shillings a pair.
On your oath, did not you find that whatever he did take, was to provide himself with clothes?
I did not know it was.
Do you mean to say that you always found him; hath any application been made to you to furnish us with the address of a witness present at a conversation in order that we might subpoena her?
Yes, an application was made, but Mrs. Hughes had been out of town for some days.
You did not tell where she might be found?
The person would not wait for an answer, but went away immediately.
Do you mean to swear that the person who brought the subpoena, and anxious for the attendance of the witness, and desirous to know where she might be found, went away without an answer?
He went away without furnishing me with an opportunity of saying where she lived.
The person that brought the subpoena had two or three in his hand, and he asked for Mrs. Hughes; the reply was no, she does not live here; then he asked where did she live?
He did not upon my oath.
Nor where she was to be found?
No.
Did you give any information?
No.
Then you did not say she does not live here, but you may find her at such a place? I had not the least idea of a subpoena.
I live in High-street, St. Giles's, I deal in prints and books; this young man brought these prints to me, and I bought them, about a fortnight or three weeks before they were found; I gave him about 52 s. for the whole. The first lot he brought he said he had more to sell; I asked him why he did not bring them altogether? He said, he would when he had copied them off; he said he lived in Holborn. I delivered the prints to Mr. Simpson; I attended before the Lord Mayor with the prints.
I took charge of the prisoner, and took him to Mr. Cox's shop, and found half a dozen prints, and Cox brought some more before my Lord Mayor, and they are altogether here. I cannot pick out the half dozen.
I can swear to all the prints, of buying them of the prisoner, except one or two.
The prisoner bears a very amiable character, I have taught him writing and drawing; he was four years in my house. I give him an excellent character.
