I keep a house, No. 46, Bishopsgate-within ; I am a haberdasher and milliner ; I had missed several things out of my shop, the prisoner was my shopman , he had been with me eleven months and upwards; he used to be very extravagant in his dress, and that led me to suspect him, and I had him taken up, but previous to that I had discharged him: On the 8th of March, after he was discharged, I found some things concealed in the cellar, in the ceiling; he was taken up on the 14th of March; the rest of the articles mentioned in the indictment, were found in his box, but I was not present; I had a search warrant; the day that he was taken up, I saw one of his boxes opened, and a piece of ribband taken out, which I know to be my property, and some pieces of lace, but I did not see them taken out.
How do you know the apartments were his?
He had left his address with a young woman, who lives with me, in case of any letters coming for him; I saw the box opened, and know it to be his box.
You had a very good character with the prisoner?
Yes; he lived with me eleven months.
You had other servants?
Yes; two others.
The things you found in the cellar then, was not till after he had quitted your service?
No.
He quitted your service six days before he was apprehended?
Yes.
You discharged him upon suspicion; did you search his boxes before he went away?
I did not; he took his boxes away before I knew it.
I am a constable; I had a warrant to search the prisoner's box; I searched his apartment; I was told it was his by the people of the house; I found this black veil, a white veil, a piece of laylock ribband, and a piece of garter blue ribband, a piece of black ribband, and a pair of black silk mits, a pocketbook, with running accounts in it, and some shoestrings; I have kept them from that time to this; we waited till he came home at eleven o'clock; I searched him, and found a yellow watch, thirteen guineas, and half-a-crown.
His mistress had paid him 14 or 15l.?
She told me so.
You take the money away from them the first thing, don't you, when you apprehend the prisoner?
Yes.
Was there any information of any money being taken?
No; I had the Magistrate's orders for it.
Upon your oath, had you orders from the Magistrate to take his money before you went to him?
No; I told the Magistrate I had the money.
Upon your oath, had you any authority to seize the money?
No.
Then how dared you to seize all the money a man has; now we will see how these officers conduct themselves; had you any-complaint that this lady had lost a watch?
No.
Had you any orders from the Magistrate to take that?
No.
Upon your oath, did you not take the man's watch, and have kept it till this hour?
Yes.
And are you a constable?
Yes; of Hatton-garden.
How long have you seen so?
Ever since it was established.
And that is always your conduct?
Yes; if I have done wrong, I beg the Court's pardon; it was not demanded, we did not know what there might be against him.
Upon your oath, has there been any charge against him since that relative to a watch or money?
No.
They all belong to me; but this is the only one I can identify, on account of the marks being taken off; here is a yard and a quarter of black silk lace, I have a corresponding piece, which nothing but of scissars have parted, and they match exactly on each side; the pattern and threads match exactly where I cut them asunder; I had missed it, and likewise some of the other property, which he told me had been sold, it was cut out of the middle.
You swear to that, because it corresponds with a piece you have at home?
Yes; it was cut through the middle.
Is it an uncommon pattern?
I don't know that it is.
Do you think there is any haberdasher's shop in London in which you could not find that pattern?
Most likely you would; you would in some there is no doubt.
Therefore, I take it, that would match precisely with any of the same breadth?
No; because we cut it in equal lengths, and it depends upon the length of the piece.
If it was cut in the same place, a piece of a similar length?
Yes.
Any other piece, cut in the same way, in the same place, would match just as well?
Yes.
There had been no scolding, or a little quarrelling between you, had there?
It is a very impertinent question.
Had there or not?
No; there had not.
I went with Rowe to the prisoner's lodgings, I assisted in breaking open his box; these, I believe, are the things that were taken out of his box.
Were all those things taken out of the box?
No; this piece was not.
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury; the crime I am accused of I plead innocent to; I had the goods in my possession before I went to live with Mrs. Jackson. The rest I leave to my counsel.(The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character).
