Did she leave your house by your content?
Certainly not.
Did you at any time after she left the house miss any property?
My other servant found it out, and came and told me, my house maid, I did not know her name. I got up and went down stairs and enquired what was lost? and they told me there was a great many things gone, which frightened me very much indeed.
What did you miss?
Every thing that is explained in the bill, a silver tea pot, two gravy spoons, a little spoon belonging to my daughter, four salts, two pair of sheets, and three salt spoons, a table cloth and a counterpane; every thing that is in the indictment.
What did you do on finding this loss?
I went to Bow-street.
Have you seen any of your property since that?
Every thing, I saw it at Bow-street when the constable brought it two or three days after.
Ask her whether I by any means was engaged or hired by her as a servant?
Certainly she was engaged as a cook servant.
Was she hired to come for any certain time?
For a twelve-month.
I lived with Madam Boileau in Bruton-street, Bartlett-square.
How long have you lived with her?
fortnight to day. I was in the house about half an hour before the prisoner for the first time I entered the service; I came the very day that the prisoner did for the first time.
Pray had you any conversation with the prisoner at any time and when?
About half after one in the morning it might be, when we servants were going to bed, there was a silver tea pot on a tea board, on a dresser in the kitchen, I thought it had been block tin at first, and I looked at it again and saw the stamp at the bottom of the pot, and I shewed her the stamp and told her it was silver, and some china that she remarked, some cups and saucers that she remarked were very old fashioned china, and I told her that they were not; there was a pair of clean sheets that we had to put on our bed were airing at the fire, which kept us up longer to air them, she said it was necessary to air them; while they were airing at the fire, before we did go to bed, as we might have gone to bed, she took the opportunity of hunting all over the kitchen, and looking into places that I thought she had no occasion to do; in looking about the copper, and under the coal hole, I thought her curiosity uncommon, but I said nothing to her; I began then to prepare to go to bed, I took the dirty sheets off the bed, folded them up, and put them on the table at our bed side; and before we went into bed she threw the remains of a scuttle of coals on the fire, and said, she wished the fire to keep in all night. We got up the next morning together a little after seven; while we were getting up she said she must wash the street door, but she must put on her bonnet, she said she should catch cold in case she did not. After I was dressed I went up stairs to open the window, or draw up the curtains in the second floor, and came down again for some wood for to light the fire up stairs, in the second floor; she light a candle to look for wood, and we went into the back kitchen together, and the first thing she opened was a large square box in the back kitchen; and there was plate in it, and there were four salts in it; she took them up and said, were they silver? I shewed her the stamp and told her they were; she took up an ink stand, which I believe is not silver, from the same box, and she asked me if it was silver? I told her I did not know; but in the stand there were two or three cruet tops, which were silver, she did not ask me about them; she took up a spoon for a middle dish on a table, which was plated, and other things in the box, which were plated, which she put down in the box. After this, as near as my recollection will afford, I think we went up both together into the parlour, to call the lad that lives with Madam Boileau, he sleeps a little behind the back parlour; in going through the parlour to call this lad, the cloth was left on the table the night before, the same as her ladyship had left it from supper, I made a
remark of the cloth being left on, to the cook, which she made no answer to at all, but cleared the cloth away; she moved the plates away, and knives and forks, and four large glass salts, in this glass there were three spoons.
Pray can you tell if these salts were the salts that were missing?
They are not; I only made a trifling remark on the carelessness of servants, and I left her and went up to the second floor.
Where did she put these things that she took off this table?
She took them down into the kitchen, the plates, knives, forks, spoons, and table cloth. But before I went up stairs I went into the front parlour, we both went in together, she had taken the plates down, leaving the other things on the table with the cloth; we went into the front parlour, and she opened one shutter, and by the light that she had in her hand, she was looking at the parlour clock that was on the mantle piece, and looking at other things round the room, and she came to a sopha, she moved the pillow of the sopha and shewed me a counterpane; says she, here is a counterpane.
You had not seen that before?
No. I took a bit of the counterpane up in my hand, and took and looked at it, and said, yes, it is a counterpane. I then went up stairs to the second floor, left her in the parlour, I came down stairs again for a scuttle of coals, some little time after, and I met her with a table cloth coming down the kitchen stairs, coming out of the parlour, I was coming up after I had been down; I had been down for these coals, down the kitchen stairs, she was coming down with the table cloth as I was coming up; I went up stairs, being a stranger to the house, without knowing particularly what I should want; I thought I should come down again presently, and I came down for a broom, or a duster, or something that I had occasion for, and then I met her again with the counterpane, on the kitchen stairs; I had been down then, and was returning; I did not say any thing to her, because I thought it was work that belonged to her, if she thought proper to move it; I went up stairs and had every thing that I wanted for my work, and was not down again, I suppose, for three quarters of an hour.
Did she tell you what she was going to do with that counterpane?
She did not. After this, when I came down, the boy asked me if I had seen the cook? I think this must be rather after eight o'clock.
The prisoner was not by when the boy asked you this question?
No.
In point of fact the prisoner was not below stairs?
She was not. In the course of the morning she had told me that she must go to Burlington-street, to fetch her box that night or the next morning, where she had lived two years and a quarter.
Did she return?
She did not.
Then from her mentioning this I suppose you was not so much surprised at her absence at that time?
I concluded, when the lad asked me if I had seen her, that she had gone where she said she was to go.
At what time did the suspicion arise in your mind?
little after eight.
Did she ever return?
Never.
When did you see her again?
On Monday.
What day of the week was this that she went away?
Friday morning.
Where did you see her on Monday?
At Mr. Bates's, an office for hiring servants, near James's-street, Oxford-road; she came there to apply for a place, as I heard, a lad came to fetch me and the lady, to see whether she was the person that they had the description of in the hand-bill that was given out; I went and saw her in consequence of that information; I was asked whether that was
the person? and I went to her, and said, yes, it was; she at first said, she had robbed nobody, what was she detained there for? I asked her why she abseonded her place so clandestinely? she said, that she found it a place that would not suit her, and so she chose to go away. I looked at her petticoat that she had got on, and I said to her, Nanny, sure you did not take my gown away; there was nothing further passed concerning Madam Boileau; she was secured at this office.
Now you yourself, I suppose, don't know where the other articles mentioned in this indictment, were that night?
Yes, I know where every thing was; I was the only person that knew where they were.
Were all the articles in that square box?
No.
Where was the tea pot?
On the tea board; the other plate was in the square box, all but the five table spoons, three lay on the dresser and two in the soup plates that were brought out of Madam Boileau's room.
Had you any conversation about them five spoons?
No, none at all.
I am an apprentice to a pawnbroker, Mr. Read, Fetter-lane.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes. On Friday the 7th of February, she came to pledge a silver tea pot at dusk; this is the tea not; she wanted three guineas on it; I weighed it, and lent her two guineas and a half on it; it weighed fourteen ounces and nine penny weights, then she went away. I am sure it was the prisoner at the bar came to the shop; I gave her a duplicate in the name of Beddington; she said it was her own, it was safe enough, I need not be under any apprehensions. The tea pot has been in my possession ever since, except it was at the public office, at Bow-street, from Wednesday to Saturday; I took it to the office on Wednesday, on Saturday I had it again.
Then it remained at your shop from Friday to the Wednesday?
Yes.
Who did you deliver it to at the office?
To Justice Ford, and it was Justice Ford delivered it me back again; I made a mark on it when I left it, with a pen knife, the magistrate desired me.
It is my pot; but I wish her not to be hanged.
Do you mean to say positively that the woman at the bar pledged these spoons at your house?
No, I cannot say positive.
Then a woman pledged them there?
Yes, on Friday the 7th of February, nine o'clock in the morning, there was a four pronged fork pledged at the same time.
What did you lend on these articles?
One pound fifteen shillings.
What was the weight of them?
I cannot recollect; there was a gravy spoon, a table spoon, a desert spoon, and a four pronged fork.
Did you give a duplicate?
I did.
Have you seen that duplicate since?
No, I have not. I delivered the things up at the office, at Bow-street, to the magistrate.
What account did she give of herself? did you ask her any questions?
No.
What name did she give?
The name Beddington.
You asked no questions as usual?
No.
How came they to be found out that you got them?
The constable came
and enquired, and found them in our possession.
Look at that young woman again. What do you say about her?
I cannot be positive.
How long after she had pawned the things, did you see the person that was taken up on suspicion?
I saw her the next day.
And then you did not know whether it was the woman or not?
No.
I am constable and beadle of St. George's. I was sent for up to Madam Boileau, Bruton-street, and I went, and I was obliged to be at Westminster that day; I told her that the readiest way was to go to Bow-street, and have some hand-bills printed, (that was Friday morning,) and she desired me to break open this box; and I refused to do it till such times as it came to Bow-street, it is a box as was left, as I understand, by the prisoner at the bar.
Pray did you go in search of the prisoner, in consequence of information you received?
I did, on Monday following, at Oxford-street, I found her at the house of Mr. Bates, the intelligence office.
Did you take her into custody then?
I did; and took her to Mount-street watch-house till six o'clock, and she was examined at Bow street the same evening.
Did you, at any time, search the lodgings of the prisoner?
Yes, on the re-examination, the Wednesday following.
Where were her lodgings?
In Cursitor-street.
How do you know they were her lodgings in Cursitor-street?
Because the pawnbroker had found it out; she told the magistrate, that a key that was found on her, was the key that opened the door; it was taken from her person along with the silver spoons that are here now. I was ordered to go and search the lodgings; I did so,and that key let me in; I found these two pair of salts, mounted top and bottom with silver, one foot was broke off from one of them; three salt spoons; these keys, and an abundance of duplicates were found in a trunk that stood at the left hand of the door as I went in, at the bottom of the trunk.
What did you do after you found these things?
I took them to Bow-street, and kept them till the re-examination day again, that was Saturday, and I produced them on the re-examination.
The gravy spoon has my husband's cypher on it, P.B. the other spoons are all marked the same; the tea pot is mine; the salts are mine, I have no doubt, they are cut glass mounted with silver; the salt spoons are not marked, but I know they are mine, and I lost such.
I did not engage myself as an hired servant with that lady; she gave me two shillings, and told me to keep myself disengaged till Thursday week,(this was on the Thursday she engaged me before,) I have always gone out to dress dinners or ball suppers for going on of three years. I went to this lady's house about three o'clock in the afternoon, one of the young ladies told me I was not wanted then, I was to come and call again at night. When I called in the evening they were very busy, there were two servants going away, and they were searching their boxes for property that they had lost in the kitchen; that servant that was witness against me, she was in the house about half an hour before, one of the ladies asked me if I would go up and make Mrs. Boileau's bed? I went up and helped to make the bed; I came down stairs, and I was told to cut some cold beef for supper and send it up; I then asked the boy if they were going to have company in the morning?
he said, I said what does Madam Boileau want with me, if she was not going to have company? I said I was not going to light the fire, nor clean the door, it was what I had not been used to, nor what I would not do (she gave me the two shillings when she engaged me the week before) I said that was what I never had to do in any family whatever I was in, and I should not do it; in the course of the evening the other servant asked me where I had a lodging, that she might come and lodge with me, because she said she could not think of stopping in such a family (it was this servant that is now witness against me) I told her then I should not stop, and she might come if she liked. She said she should come in a day or two, as the house was so abominable dirty she would not be in it, she then asked me to take part of her property with me, and she would bring the remainder at night; I took that bundle that she gave me into my hand with me, which was a gown, petticoat, and black cloak, I then unbundled it, and took the gown off the outside, and there were two pair of sheets, a table cloth, a counterpane, and two pair of glass salts in the bundle; I then took them into my own room with me, and laid them down on my own trunk in the room, I then went out and left them, I came home in the afternoon, about night; I never went out any more till the Monday morning following, when I went to Mr. Bates's office, Oxford-road. I had been accustomed to advertise at different times, in different papers, I have constantly done it for these two years. When I went to Mr. Bates's office, then the clerk at Mr. Bates's told me I must stop,then he told me that there was a robbery committed, that by my features and person, it was me that had done it; he detained me, and sent for the constable, and I was taken up; there were several duplicates in that bundle, that I had of that witness, but not of my pledging by any means, I never pledged any of the things at all.
Where did you hire this prisoner?
She came to my house, to say that she heard that I wanted a cook; I asked her where she came from? she said from Mr. Bares's in Oxford-street; I told her I never took a servant from an office; she then told me that she had a very good character, that she lived with Mrs. Middleton for two years and a quarter, if I would write to her; one of my people wrote to her, but we got no answer; she called in a day or two after, when she came to know if we had any answer; I told her no,and told her that she might come; she brought in a box full of dirt,and said it was her clothes.
