I am in partnership with Charles Newton; we packed up some goods to go by the Brunswick for the West-indies, I cannot say the day, I saw them packed myself, they contained a number of articles of jewellery, to the amout of six hundred pounds; I assisted in packing them; all the articles were in a trunk, and at the top of them, two or three dozen of shoes, to fill it up; it was matted; the matting was nailed and corded.
Who converyed it to the Custom-house?
Our clerk, William Lyon.
There is a duty, I believe, upon it?
There is a draw-back upon the silver.
Have you any other partner than Mr. Netwon?
No.
Was that trunk afterwards brought back?
I saw it at the house of Mr. Mackenzie, I think, on the Friday, to the best of my recollection, two or three days after I had sent it.
Did it then cntain the same things that you packed?
No; all the articles that I have heard read in the indictment wre missing.
What are you and Mr. Newton?
Merchants.
Of course you employ a great number of persons in your accompting-house?
No; only a clerk and a boy.
Do you always pack your own goods?
Most generally.
And you did it that time?
Yes.
Did you make any inventory of them?
Yes, I did.
I am clerk to Messrs. Newton and Levy; I saw the box taken down to the Custom-house.
At the Custom-house it is searched?
Yes; I was present during the time the fresh was going on; it was secured again in the same manner as when it came out of our warehouse; the jewellery was packed in small boxes, and appeared to be compleat.
You attended the search, and inspected them as narrowly as you could?
Yes; I went back then to Galley-quay; I went with it, and saw it delivered to one John Haynes, a tackle-porter, belonging to the Goldsmiths' company; I saw him put it upon the quay; it was lest in his charge under the care of Mr. Gray, one of the lightermen.
The trunk contained the same number of boxes?
Yes.
But what they contained you do not know, any farther than what you saw at your master's house?
I saw them put in again.
I am a tackle-porter belonging to the Goldsmiths' company.
Did you receive any trunk from Mr. lyon, upon the 8th of August?
I did; I gave the note, which Mr. Lyon gave to me, and the trunk, to Mr. Mackenzie; I put the trunk into the Goldsmiths' warehouse by Mr. Mackenzie's desire, because it was of value; a little after that, the searchers from the costom-houre came and took it away to examine it, with Mr. Lyon, and in half an hour hey brought it me back again; I then put it down by the waterside; I delivered it into the hands of Joseph Court and William Smith , the lightermen.
Look round, and see if you see either of them?
That is the man, Joseph Court.
You put the trunk into the warehouse?
Yes.
Into what part of the warehouse?
A little way in.
How long did you leave it there?
From half past eleven to near three.
That is three hours?
Yes.
Whose warehouse is it?
It is the Goldsmiths' porters' warehouse; it is a receptacle of goods for ourselves.
There are other persons besides yourself belonging to the Goldsmiths' company; how many tackle-porters are tehre belonging to the Goldsmiths' company?
Five; there were only two there.
Your fellow tackele-porter had access to the warehouse?
Yes.
And they remained there the best part of three hours?
Yes.
It was put down by the water-side?
Yes; after coming from the search, about three or four feel from the water-side.
Were there a great many people there
Yes; passing and repassing.
How long did it lie there?
Nearly half an hour.
Upon the qnays?
Yes; I was by it then, and never lost fight of it.
Was Mr. Gray by it to?
A great part of the time.
I am in partnership with John Alexander Mackenzie, and John Mackenzie , lightermen, the prisoner was our servant; I saw Haines deliver it to my servants, Court and Smith.
Did it appear to be properly packed?
Yes; it was to be delivered on board the Brunswick, lying at Deptford, bound for Jamaica, it was delivered about half past three, the lighter was to go the next morning; there were a great many other goods in the lighter at the same time.
In consequence of any information that you received, was the box brought back to you?
Yes; on Tuesday the 8th.
Were you present when it was examined by Mr. Levy?
I was not.
In what state was it, when it was broght back?
To all appearance the same as before.
Did you see it taken out of the ship?
Yes; we waited best part of two hours before it could be cleared of the goods that were upon it, in consequence of some information, a constable was provided and waiting ready at our accompting-house; the prisoner came in on the evening of Wednesday the 9th of August, and I gave him in charge.
At the time you gave the prisoner in charge, whereabouts was he?
He was then sitting near me upon an iron chest.
When you had given the constable charge of him, did Mr. Mackenzie come in?
Yes; Mr. John Alexander Mackenzie came in while the constable was searching the prisoner.
Had any body, at that time, explained what he was charged with?
No, not a syllable of the kind; Mr. Mackenzie said to the prisoner, Joe, how could you serve me in this manner, I could not have supposed that you would.
Was any thing said to him by way of promise?
No, he had not been in the accompting-house a minute; not a word had passed, excepting his giving me receipts from the mate of the shrp; he said immediately, I am a bad man, I throw my life into your hands; it was the Yorkshireman that enticed me, meaning Smith, the watchman, who has absconded; he was then secured by the officer, and as they were leading him out, he said, there is a parcel lying down by the iron chest, which I looked for, and found it between two packages, it was taken by the officer, and opened in my presence, it contained eight pair of gold ear-rings, the constable has them.
The Yorkshireman was the watchman?
Yes.
That watchman has escaped, he is off?
Yes.
Even when he said what you say he did, that he was a bad man, he did not tell you what he had done?
No.
He might allude to that or any thing else, for what you know, from what he said?
Undoubtedly.
He, throwing the blame on the Yorkshireman, told you where to find this parcel?
Yes.
It was on the 8th of August that it was put on board the lighter?
Yes.
And this conversation was on the 9th?
Yes.
So that he was there, and did not get out of the way at all?
He left the lighter at four o'clock, and came back again in the evening.
You had not given him information that any thing was missing?
No.
In what situation was this lighter, was it in dock, or creek, or where?
It was on the river, close by the wharf.
The prisoner came into our accompting-house on the 9th of August, and the moment I came in, I saw Court there; I said to him, Joe, how could you use me in this manner; he said, sir, I am a bad man, I have been enticed by the Yorkshireman, my life is in your hands.
Had you explained to him what you meant to charge him with?
No; I was not present when the parcel was found.
Have you a perfect recollection of what was said by the constable and Mr. Gray?
Yes.
You did not say it would be better for him to confess?
No.
Nor the constable in your presence?
No.
How long has he worked for you?
Between six and seven years; I always had a good opinion of him up to this time.
I am a constable belonging to the Police Office, Shadwell; I was sent for to Mr. Mackenzie's to apprehend the prisoner, when he came home, about nine o'clock in the evening; I took charge of him, and began to search him; I searched him, but found nothing at all upon him; I heard Mr. John Alexander Mackenzie say what a bad fellow he must have been, and they were talking, and I went out of the accompting-house; I did not take particular notice of what passed; I secured the prisoner, and coming out of the accompting-house, after he was secured, he told me to look down, and pointed to the iron chest, I did so, and found this parcel, (produces it;) it contains eight pair of gold ear-rings in a paper, I have had it in my possession ever since.
Where was the prisoner when you searched him?
Standing by the iron chest.
Do you recollect any thing more than what you have said about the conversation?
After I had found the property, he said, he would leave his life in his master's hands.
Look at these ear-rings, are those your property?
To the best of my recollection they are; here is my own hand-writing upon the outside of it.
Were they packed up in papers when they were put into the box?
They were; here is my private mark to it.
What is the value of these ear-rings?
Three pounds sixteen shillings.
What is the value of the whole that was missing?
Two hundred and thirty-seven pounds to the best of my recollection actually lost that has never been recovered.
- I am a watchman.
Do you know where the lighter of Messrs. Mackenzie's lay in the night?
Yes, next to Chester quay; I went upon duty at twelve o'clock at night, and staid till six o'clock in the morning.
Do you know the person of William Smith ?
Yes, I know him very well.
During the night, did you see him going backwards and forwards over the quay from the vessel to the shore?
Yes.
Do you know Joseph Court?
Yes.
Did you observe him going backwards and forwards?
I did not observe him.
If he had been going backwards and forwards, you had the same opportunity of seeing him that you had of seeing Smith?
Yes.
But you did not see him?
No.
Did you see Smith put her\\ our\\ tide of the pier?
Yes; he had got her ready to go down before Court came.
Did not you think it very odd?
He said, he was going to call Joe Court.
But you saw him backwards and forwards several times?
Yes; he said he could not get him up, and he went to call him again.
