I am coachman to Mrs. La Hoope. On Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday, the prisoner at the bar came to me into the stable, and said to me, Mr. Hall is going to send for your horses very early on the Thursday, that they were to go upon a job, which he (the prisoner) was to drive, for a single gentleman who came from the West-Indies, and who had had a job of Mr. Hall three years before he went to the West-Indies; that he was to have 9 s. a week of Mr. Hall, and 10 s. 6 d. a week board-wages; and to have two suits of livery; this passed on the Saturday: on the Monday following he told me Mr. Hall had not taken any stables yet, but he would take some soon; he wanted me to buy him a coach-dog; I really thought he was in Mr. Hall's service; I saw him next morning, about six or seven; he told me Mr. Hall had sent him for those horses; I told him I would give them a feed of corn before they set off; I asked him if he would have a horse-cloth upon each horse; he said no; Mr. Hall lives in Hamilton-street, Piccadilly; I saw him turn up the road to London; I told him I had half a mind to go to town with him; he said there was no occasion for that, Mr. Hall would be sure to send the horses in time; I delivered the horses, but did not receive any in exchange; I should not have delivered them, if I had not thought he had been employed and sent by Mr. Hall.
I live in Hamilton-street, Piccadilly; I had a pair of bay geldings in the employ of Mrs. La Hoope; I never employed the prisoner, or ever intimated to Mrs. La Hoope that I intended to change them; I certainly had an intention of changing Mrs. La Hoope's horses, and that intention might have been known in my stables, as I had purchased a pair of black long-tailed horses for her use.
I am a coachmaster at Putney; the prisoner came to me about half past nine in the morning of the 29th; he said he had been informed I wanted to buy a pair of coach horses; I told him no; he said they belonged to one Mrs. Feltham, of Bedford-square, who was going to lay down her carriage; I asked him the price; he said twenty-five guineas a-piece; I offered him 30 l.; he said no, I will not take less than thirty guineas; I observed one lame, and then said I would not stand word, but would give him only twenty-five guineas; he said I should have them, if I would give him two guineas for himself; I told him to put the horses in the stable, and go into the house, and I would get the money, and pay him; I told the people about, that those horses were stolen, and desired them to get a constable; the prisoner made his escape, and I pursued him to Barnes Common, and took him in a furze bush.
The horses which Mr. Rix brought to me, were those I had let to Mrs. La Hoope.
