I saw Mr. Shelton sign it.
Is the prisoner the man to whom that conviction applies?
Yes; he was delivered in January, 1795.
For how long a time might you have an opportunity of seeing him before his conviction?
It might be a fortnight, I cannot say justly.
Have you any doubt at all that he is the man that was convicted at that time?
I have none; he had a conditional pardon to serve as a soldier in the 60th regiment in the West Indies; he went to Southampton along with others, I cannot say when.
I attend the office at Bow-street: On the 3d of May I went, with some more officers up to Hyde-park, the City Light Horse Volunteers were reviewed that day; and just as we got to Grosvenor-gate, we saw about eight suspicious people, which attracted our attention, and somebody pointed out a pickpocket; I was desired to lay hold of the prisoner Smith, which I did; upon searching him, I found a sliver snuff-box; we took him to the Police-office; he said the box did not belong to him, it might probably have been put into his pocket. I detained him, and advertised the box, but have not been able to find the owner.
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I most humbly beg leave to crave your Lordship's attention for a few minutes. When I last appeared at this bar, I felt the ignominy of my situation so much, that I was determined, had not the Royal mercy interposed, to have devoted my future life to a sincere repentance for my past indiscretions; but his Majesty was pleased to pardon me upon condition of serving as a soldier in the 60th regiment, which I joined at Tobago; and having done duty there for three months, was reported unfit for service, and sent to England under the command of Major Martin and Captain Court; we arrived at Spithead in September, 1796, and were discharged in the October following; I then returned to London to a distressed and disconsolate family, thinking I had received a general discharge from the army. I trust I shall be able to prove what I have here stated. Since I came to England, I have conducted myself with the greatest property, but, unfortunately, when a man has once appeared at this bar he is ever looked upon with suspicion; I therefore throw myself upon the candour of your Lordship, and the Gentlemen of the Jury, convicted they will act with that impartiulity which so peculiarly characterises the Juries of this country.
I entered as a soldier in the 60th regiment to go to the West Indies.
Did you go under any pardon?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; he went over in the same ship with me; and served some months in Tobago; he was then examined by the doctor, and was declared unfit for service, and sent back to England.
What was his complaint?
Age, I believe.
How did you get home?
I was wounded in the right leg, and discharged from the regiment.
If the prisoner had come over as an invalid, would not he have received the same sort of discharge - this is a regular discharge?
I cannot say.
Did he come home in the same ship with you?
No; I was a corporal in the regiment when he was sent home, I saw him go on board the ship; I understood he was discharged from the service.
I am a soldier in the 60th regiment, in the West Indies, I went upon a pardon.
Were you discharged?
Yes; (produces his discharge) I went over in the same ship with the prisoner, he was sent home as an invalid, being hurt in the shoulder; I think he went on board ship with Captain Court and Major Martin, and embarked for England, that was nearly two years before I returned.
I left my discharge at Portsmouth Barracks; I did not know but it was to be left there.
