- As I was passing through Fore-street, I saw a fan in the window of a Mr. Todd, which I went in and purchased; I there found a dozen more; and, in consequence of information, I got an officer from Worship-street, and went with him to the house of the prisoner; we found three fans in her pocket; I afterwards went to a pawnbroker's, and found seventeen fan-sticks, which I knew to be mine: I went to a Mr. Fow ler's, a perfumer, and found some more; at a a Mrs. Marshall's, I found three more; and some at a Mrs. Harvey's; I have lost some thousands; these are all that I have yet traced, except some that Mr. Burgess sent back, understanding that they had been stole.
Where is your shop?
In Newgate-street .
You carry on a very extensive business?
It is generally understood so.
You have two or three shop-keepers?
Sometimes one, sometimes two.
Do you know a lady of the name of Dubois?
I have heard of a person of that name; I do not know her personally.
Was she not commissioned now and then to sell fans and little articles for you?
No; no person whatever had ever any such commission.
- On the 2d of September, the prosecutor came to my house, and purchased a fan at 2s. 9d. and saw twelve more, which I had bought of Henry Burgess , for which I took a bill and receipt, (produces it) ; I saw him write it, and so did my two apprentices and the journeyman.
- On the 9th of August I sold Mr. Todd fourteen fans, and gave him a bill and receipt; I received them from Mr. Bartlam, a neighbour of ours, who informed me he was a fan-maker, and as I was about a great deal with ribbons, I might sell some fans for him.
Is Mr. Bartlam here?
He is in confinement.
This poor man was a fan-maker, and when he wanted money, he sent out some fans?
Yes.
- I am a milliner and perfumer. (produces five fans) ; I purchased these of Mrs. Bartlam four or five months ago; she brought them to me to sell as a manufacturer of them.
It is no unusual thing for these poor men to send their wives about with fans to sell?
No; I have known the woman these four or five years; I knew her husband to be a fan stick manufacturer.
I am a haberdasher, (produces three fans) ; I bought them of the prisoner at the bar about five or six weeks back; I have known her these two years; she has frequently been in my shop, and dealt with me; her husband is a fan-stick maker.
- I am a milliner, (Produces twelve fans) ; I bought them all of the prisoner about two months ago; I understood her husband to be a manufacturer.
- I am a pawnbroker; I took these fans in of the prisoner, (producing them) , on the 9th of March.
I am a haberdasher and milliner; I bought these fans of the prisoner at different times; some of them about three months ago, and some about six weeks ago.
I am a haberdasher; these fans were sent to our shop by the prisoner.
- I am an officer: On Monday, the 4th of this month, I searched the prisoner at her house, and found in her pocket these fans, and seven more in a drawer, (produces them) ; her husband said, they were his.
The poor man is in Newgate now for this very offence, is he not?
Yes.
The prisoner's husband worked for me, and she used to bring the work home.
