I live in Bridgewater-square; I know nothing of the robbery; I have an inventory of the things; I am wife of Bernard Bailey ; I delivered the things to the coachman; I took a coach at the stand of coaches at the New Church in the Strand , to the Hammersmith stage; one of my own children, and two others, were going to Mrs. Heath's boarding-school, at Hammersmith Green; I carried two boxes and a paper parcel; I delivered them to the coachman, and saw them put into the boot; it was seven at night, or a little after; I waited there from half after four, in expectation of the governess meeting me, to take charge of the children; as she did not, I brought the children back; I believe the prisoner put the things in the boot, but I am not certain; the coachman gave them to a man, but I am not certain; I saw the prisoner watering the horses; I gave the coachman the things to put into the boot, and took the children back.
I am the coachman to the Hammersmith stage. I remember this lady coming to me, and waiting for the coach; and she delivered to me one wooden box, and a paper parcel, and one large hat-box; the large hat-box was afterwards missing; I delivered them to the prisoner; he is porter and waterman to our coach; when I delivered the first box, I bid him put it into the boot of the coach; I saw him put it in; the next was a paper parcel; he put that in; then I delivered to him a hat-box, and told him not to leave the coach one minute; he promised me he would not; in two minutes he was missing; by and by he returned and said, six men had knocked him down, and taken away the parcel; I said, it must be him; I saw no men about the coach; he began abusing me, and I had him taken into custody.
I am one of the patrole. I was in the Strand this night, and received information of a robbery by six men, between eight and nine; that the man was watering the horses, and was robbed by six men; then I enquired where the coachman was; they told me he was gone home, and that the man was the prisoner; I enquired his character, and where he lived; I went to his house, in Orange-court, Drury-lane, not a quarter of a mile off; I could go there and back in five minutes; I knocked at the door; the prisoner came out; I asked him if his name was not Evans or Jones? he appeared to be drunk; I said I had a parcel to go into the country, but you are not able to take care of it; he still persisted he was not the man; but I rushed into the back room, on the ground floor, and perceived these things laying on the floor; he shammed drunk, and knocked me down; we got a light, and we secured him; then I searched all parts of the house; and some of the things I found between the bed and the sacking; some in a little bit of an old box, distributed about; he said it was his house; I have all the things here.
Another coach came in on the stand; and he called me to get some water: and Fry was looking into the boot; he said he lost a box; I said I knew nothing of it; being the usual hour to go home, I went up Drury-lane; I saw two men very much in a flurry, one with a bundle under his arm, and some loose things; I went to him, and said, where did you get those things? one of them knocked me down, and I called stop thief! they heaved down the things, and went away; I took them home, intending to come down to the stand to make an enquiry; in a minute these people came down and took me.
Please to let me go for an East India soldier.
