Do you know Lewis Martin?
Yes, very well.
You have seen him often?
I have not often lately, I have seen him lately; I have seen him within these two months.
What church were they married at?
Shoreditch church.
Look at that register, the name Joseph Butler?
It is my hand writing.
Do you know Mr. Lark?
I have known him only since this matter has come forward.
Did you ever hear him say that he knew very well, before he married this this lady, that she was a married lady?
Yes.
Yes, I have seen him not two months ago.
I cannot recollect the parties; there have been a great many weddings since then.
Was you married to the prisoner at the bar?
Yes, in the year 1790, at St. George's, Bloomsbury.
I ask you, on your oath you have taken, whether you was not married by licence, and the licence was procured by yourself, was it not?
It was.
There you swear that there was no legal impediment to the marriage?
Not that I knew of.
Did not you, when you took out the licence, swear that there was no legal impediment to the marriage?
I did.
On your oath, did not you know that she was a married woman?
I did not.
You knew her first husband, Martin?
I knew Martin.
Have not you heard her call him her husband?
Yes, that was after I was married to her.
Then you never knew before you married her, that she was a married woman?
No.
Don't you know Mr. Norris?
Yes.
Did not you say to him, that you knew she had been convicted of a felony, and that was a bar to the first marriage, and therefore you married her?
No, I never said any such a thing.
When did you see Martin?
I never saw him till this business was in hand.
Did you never know nor hear that she was a married woman?
Not till after I was married.
Do you know a person of the name of Charles Cooper?
No.
I apprehended the prisoner at the bar in the Old Bailey.
When you asked me for marriage, I had lived with you eight months before, and did we not live together then in lodgings at Hoxton?
I think, to the best of my recollection, it was about three months after we had lived together at Hoxton.
We had a coach to go to the Commons to take out the licence, and he gave me a ten pound note, and he had said before to me, that when he had some money come to him, without you will be my wife I will never live with you. Another day he bought me a pair of silver sugar tongs, a silver punch ladel, seven china bowls, two large ones, which we had one for our marriage bowl. When he urged me to marriage, I told him I was married; then he said that was nothing, for if I was cast for death, I was dead in law and to all; and when I asked him what name I must be married in? he said, I must be married in my maiden name. I never lived with my first husband but eight months; there he is, he knows what I say is truth.
I know Lark; I have known him personally these ten years.
Did he ever give you any reason why he would marry that woman?
At the latter end of March, or beginning of April, in the year 1790, I was going up Drury-lane, and I went into a house and had a glass of brandy, while I was in Lark and two or three more came in, and one said to him, I hear you are going to be married to Kit Connolly; he said he was; they said they wondered how he would do that, when he knew she was a married woman; he said, damn me if I care about that, for that is all done away, and I shall marry her.
