Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; he keeps a hosier's shop , No. 2, Great Eastcheap; I went to his house on the 7th of September last; I had been there before; I went in about eleven o'clock to buy some sixpences that he had given me a pattern on the Monday before; I went to him on the Tuesday morning, and asked him if he had got any dollars; he told me, yes, as many as I pleased; I told him I wanted half a dozen; he brought me a dozen to pick out half a dozen, and I picked out half a dozen; I agreed with him for 2s. a piece; I went back in the evening; he shewed me some very good sixpences, much like silver; I asked him how he sold them, and he told me I should have thirty for half-a-guinea, and I bought thirty.
Who did you go with on the 7th of September?
With Ray, Clark, and Armstrong.
What passed before you went into the house?
Clark, one of the officers, before I went into the house, gave me a twenty-shilling note.
Did any body mark that note?
Yes; Clark, Wray, and Armstrong marked it.
When you purchesed the sixpences, what money did you give for them?
I gave him that note; he told me I might have as many as I pleased; I told him I had not much money, I would have but half-a-guinea's worth, which, with two dollars that I bought of him, came to 14s. 6d.; here is the change that I received of him, (produces it) : his wife gave me the dollars from up stairs; I dealt with him in the shop; I went out of doors, and Mr. Armstrong laid hold of me, and took the sixpences out of my pocket, and then they went in and searched the house.
Did you go in with them?
Yes; they took me in custody.
Were there any goods in this hosier's shop?
There appeared to be a good many stockings; there was nothing to be seen outside of the window; there were parcels of bad money, tied up like stockings, to send into the country; there were only two or three stockings hanging up at the window.
All that you have been telling these gentlemen is very true?
Yes.
What business are you?
I travel in the hardware line; the prisoner at the bar told me he would furnish me with money to travel the country with.
How came you to be acquainted with the prisoner?
By the prisoner's brother's recommendation, at Bath.
You have dealt a good deal in that line?
Mr. Welchman put me into it.
You never was taken up?
No.
Then nobody can say that?
Not to be in any prison.
How so?
I never was in any prison.
Do you mean to say you never were taken up?
I never was taken up for bad money; I was taken up upon suspicion.
Perhaps you found out somebody else as a scape-goat at that time?
No, I could not do that.
Where was it that you was taken up on suspicion?
At Barnstaple, in July or August.
Perhaps both months?
No.
How did you get out of that?
I was acquitted as an honest man; I had nothing by me.
Because they found nothing about you; it was all gone, was it?
I had nothing by me.
You had been at Mr. Welchman's before?
Yes, or else I should not have known his house, you know.
How happened you to be sent this time?
I gave a voluntary information to the Justices, at Worship-street.
You were not in any danger yourself?
No.
That you are sure of?
Yes.
Were you at any fair at Glastonbury?
I was taken up there, but there was nothing by me.
Did not you just now swear you were never taken up but once?
You did not ask me that.
You swear that now, do you?
Yes; I was not taken up at Barnstaple for this, it was for licences; I had none, and the Justice could not find goods enough by me.
You told me first you were taken up at Barnstaple on suspicion, but you had none about you?
Yes; I had no licence by me.
Are these the only times upon which you were ever in custody?
Yes.
Did you know Mr. Woodthorpe, the Town Clerk?
I do not know that I do.
Do you remember being taken up for putting off bad money to a gentleman that you sold some mackerel to?
No; upon my oath I never was.
Nor charged with it?
No, I was not.
Mr. Clark, you say, gave you the note that you had?
Yes.
And you gave that note to Mr. Welchman?
Yes.
Did any body see what he gave you for the note?
No, only his wife.
Did the constables search you before you went in?
Yes.
You say Armstrong laid hold of you; why did he do that?
Mr. Armstrong knew of the information.
I am an officer of the city.
Do you remember going to the house of Welchman on the 7th of September, in company with Ray and Armstrong?
Yes, and Jacobs went with us; when we entered the house, I think it was between twelve and one o'clock; I searched Jacobs before he went into the house for money, and there was none about him; he had a one pound note given to him by Mr. Powell, to purchase some money, and I marked that note.
How long had Jacobs been in the house before he returned from it?
I think he had been in the house ten minutes, to the best of my recollection.
Was he searched when he came out of the house?
I myself went up to my first man as soon as he came out of the house; I met him, and I took him immediately into the house; at my heels, another officer, Armstrong, came in; I gave him into the hands of Armstrong; he searched him, and I immediately went round the counter to the prisoner at the bar.
Then you were not the person that searched him, but Armstrong was?
Armstrong searched him, and I searched Mr. Welchman, and found the note in his right hand waistcoat pocket, which I had marked before the Jew went in.
Is that the note which you know as having been delivered to Jacobs?
It is; there are my initials on it, and there are Armstrong's initials on it; I searched him; I found nothing upon his person but that note; in the shop we found an amazing quantity of halfpence; seven bags I have here, to what amount I do not know; they were in the shop behind the counter, under some seats that were there; we found some done up in papers, in drawers.
To what amount?
There are seven bags; I suppose they weight half a hundred a piece; there was in the shop 130lb. of good money, which, he said, belonged to another person; it was returned to the person that he said it belonged to; we went up to the top of the garret stairs, and and found a vast quantity of counterfeit sixpences (produces them) I told him we had an information, and after some interogation he went up stairs, and shewed us where they were.
Were the sixpences in this condition when you found them, each in a separate paper?
Yes; we found it concealed under the top stair, going into the room; it was a sliding stair; in another paper here are eighteen guineas and some half-guineas.
There was a great deal of counterfeit money?
A great deal indeed.
You were not in the house at the time that Jacobs gave the Bank-note to Welchman?
No.
Therefore that transaction depended entirely upon him?
Yes; I was not there.
Did you search him so as to be certain that he had no money, did you search his shoes, and every part of his dress;?
No, I did not; I searched his pockets, and his body, but did not search his shoes.
In consequence of a warrant, I went to the prisoner's house, with Clark, Peach, Ferris, and Harper.
Had you seen Jacob's at the office of Mr. Colquhoun?
Yes; I was there at the time he gave the information, I afterwards stopped him as he came out of Mr. Welchman's, and searched him, and found those sixpences upon him, and two dollars, (producing them:) there are thirty sixpences, I searched Jacob's in Welchman's shop; Jacobs said, that is the man I bought them of, he did not say any thing, but desired us to be very quiet, because his wife was very heavy with child, I went on to search the house.
Did you find vast quantities of counterfeit-money?
I did; I found in this bag six hundred and sixty sixpences, nine half-crowns, and fifteen shillings, here is another bag with 836 sixpences wrote upon, \"cast unfinished;\" here is another bag of sixpences and shillings cast as they came out, in their first state, and here are twenty half-crowns in another.
In short you found a vast quantity of counterfeit-money of all descriptions?
Yes.
Did you find that the sixpences that were upon Jacob's, tallied with the sixpences you found in the house?
There were some that did.
I found a great quantity of bad money at the prisoner's house.
I am a silversmith.
Look at these sixpences?
They appear to be very bad.
Look at these, (some found in the house.)? - A. They are just the same as the others.
