I am servant to Thomas Clarke , a waggoner : I was coming along the road with my waggon; near Maidenhead-Thicket, I took up a hamper for the prisoner, he brought it himself; he went along with me as far as Colnbrook; I was going to stop all day, and he said, he wanted to go forward; and he would get into the waggon, and change his clothes, and he desired me to go in and get sixpennyworth of gin and water; I went in and left him in the waggon; it was twenty minutes before he came to me; when he came in, he paid for the gin and water, and went on with a sack; I saw him come out of the waggon, with a sack on his back; I had sixty-one cheeses to leave at Oxbridge.
Where was the waggon at the time he left you?
At Colnbrook; I missed it about half an hour afterwards; I got upon my horse, and the landlord and I went after him; we overtook him at the Magpie, Hounslow-heath; I asked him if he had got the cheese, and he made me no answer; I put my hand to the sack, and pulled out the cheese, and I swore to it; it had the mark of a B upon it, and had been squeezed, which I observed before I put it into the waggon; I sent for a constable, and he offered me a guinea and a watch to let him go; I delivered the cheese to the constable.
The prisoner is an old acquaintance of your's?
Yes; I used to carry money to his daughter.
I believe you took it in your head to be entertained with a boxing-match on the road?
No.
Do you mean to swear that you did not desire him to drive your waggon on for six or seven miles, while you went to look at a boxing-match?
No.
It was his own sack that he took out of the waggon?
No.
Was it your's?
No.
Did you not see the sack opened, and found it filled with his clothes, and a quantity of shoes and boots, and apples?
There was a coat and waistcoat of his in the sack, and some apples.
Did not the prisoner say to you, if you had lost a cheese, the man, who was in the waggon. might have put it into the sack?
No; he did not.
Did not two men ride in the waggon to town?
No.
Do you mean to swear, that during the time you were driving the waggon, there was no man in the waggon?
Yes.
And you mean to say that you never left the waggon?
Yes.
At the time you supposed you had lost the cheese, did you count them?
No; I did not then, only from the appearance of the waggon, I knew there was one gone.
Was there not a person who ran away from the public-house the moment the charge was made?
No; there was not.
I keep the Golden Cross, at Colnbrook; the first that I saw was the waggoner drinking some gin and water; the prisoner came in soon after, and drank with him; about half an hour after that, he missed the cheese; and we took a horse a piece, and overtook him at a public-house at Hounslow; I saw the cheese taken out of the sack, and delivered to the constable.
Did you not see a man run away from that public-house?
No.
This is the same cheese.
I drove his waggon to Maidenhead; he stopped and had his breakfast; and afterwards he stopped to look at a fight; he never overtook me till I got to Colnbrook; how the cheese came into the sack, I do not know.
