I am an excise officer of Chatham; I was there on the 27th of December, in the year 1790, and I had an information of some goods going along the road: on the 27th of December I called upon Mr. Lidden, to go along with me to Ludgedown upon excise business; in my way thither I was informed that there were some run goods gone by, on asses; I desired him to go with me; when we got to Cobham, we dismounted our horses, to endeavour to trace the foot of an ass, which we did all the way to Norris's house; when I came up near the house, Norris was standing near the stable, with the stable-door open, and an ass standing in the stable; Norris perceiving Mr. Lidden and myself making up towards the stable, shut to the door, and put his back against it; I told Norris we were excise officers, and we wanted to look into his stable, and that I had been informed of his having some run goods; Norris then endeavoured to prevent our going into the stable, and took up a large stick, with which he was going to strike; but I took it from him, and threw it away.
Did he remove at all from the stable-door at the time he took up this stick?
The stick lay close by the stable-door, it fastened the stable-door; we then pulled Norris away from the stable-door, and the door flew open; we went into the stable, and found an ass, and a little horse, very dirty, with saddles on, such as smugglers use, made purposely for the carrying half-ankers; saddles calculated to take a tub, and a sling over; in the corner of the stable we found two half-ankers already slung in the sling; I found they were geneva; I told Norris I would seize them, and he endeavoured to prevent my taking them away; Mr. Lidden then went into the house through a passage, the door being opened; Norris went to the further end of the stable, and took up a pitchfork, and drove it at me; I guarded off the blow and took hold of it, and took it from him; I then carried the half-ankers from the stable into an open yard, from the premises of Norris; Norris went into the house, where Jack was; he came out again, and brought out a gun, which he struck me over the hand with in endeavouring to shoot; he went into the house a second time, and returned soon afterwards with Long Jack, the person he had been asking for; he then brought out a gun and a hanger; Norris brought them both out; the gun he kept in his own hand, and the hanger he gave to John; Norris then put the gun to Mr. Lidden's breast, swearing at the same time he would shoot him, Jack at the same time brandishing his sword over his head.
How near was he to Lidden when he presented this blunderbuss to his breast?
Close, and John at the same time brandishing his sword over his head; Mr. Lidden then took out his pistol, and held it at Norris, and they were both in the same situation for some time, Norris holding the gun at Mr. Lidden, and Mr. Lidden holding his pistol at Norris; I then told Norris, that if he did shoot Lidden, I would instantly shoot him; I then took the half-ankers, and carried them into the lane, the public road, as I had brought them all out of the stable; Mr. Lidden, after some time, retreated backward into the lane from the yard, and Norris all the way continued pointing the gun at his breast; I then went to Norris, seeing Mr. Lidden in that dangerous situation, and told him, if he did not immediately take his gun away, I would shoot him; I then by force took the gun away from him, and threw it into the lane.
Was the gun charged?
I had not an opportunity to examine it, the prisoner and his wife were throwing stones at me so, to make me lay it down; Mr. Lidden then came and helped me to put the casks up, and then they all three, the prisoner, his wife, and Long Jack, all came and threw a parcel of flint stones at us; Norris kept gathering stones for the other two, while we were loading the horses; Norris or Long Jack, I cannot tell which of them, came and took away one of the half-ankers, and ran away with it; Mr. Lidden then fired his pistol at Norris, but did not hit him.
Did he fire with an intent to hit him?
He said so; we then went to get on horseback, to get away; and they all three, the prisoner, Long Jack, and his wife, came and threw stones at us again; the stones struck us several times; we went on, and the ground goes on a descent, and they continued throwing stones till we were got out of their reach.
How soon after this did you prefer your indictment?
Some time in the next month.
Could you find any thing of the prisoner at that time?
No.
When was he apprehended?
I don't know.
Where did you first see him after this affair happened?
I saw him about six months ago.
Do you happen to know where he was apprehended?
He was apprehended at Gravesend.
Can you identify his person?
I can; I have no doubt.
You had never seen him before that transaction?
No.
Do you know a man of the name of Robert Norris , of Gravesend?
I do not.
You don't know then that a man of the name of Robert Norris , of Gravesend, has absconded himself?
I do not know that.
You saw this man on his being taken up?
I did.
From the time that this assault happened, till he was taken up, you did not see him?
I did not.
Which is about a year?
It is.
Fielding. You have no doubt at all of his being the person?
I am clear of it.
You are an excise officer?
Yes, I am. When I came up to the stable-door, Norris had put to the door, and put his back against it; we told him our business, and that we were excise officers, and had received some information of some goods on the road, and we had a suspicion they were in there, and we wished to look; he took up a stick, and said we should not; we took the stick from him; we pulled him away from the door, and the door came a little open; we pulled it quite open, and went in, and there were six casks, a jack-ass, and a little horse, and two smugglers saddles, called loading-saddles; we told him that we seized them; he took up a stick, and was going to strike us; I then went into the room adjoining, thinking there might be some more casks, but I saw Long Jack, and I went immediately to my brother officer; he told me that Norris was going to run a pitchfork into him; we then got the tubs out of the stable into an open place, it was a green place that had been a farm-yard; then Norris came from the stable, and went to his wife into the house, and returned again with a gun, and presented it to me, swearing he would shoot us.
How near was the muzzle of the gun to your breast?
He was at a distance then; he then returned, and came out again with Long Jack, Norris with the gun, and Long Jack with the hanger; they both came very close to me, Norris swearing he would shoot me, and Long Jack swearing he would cut me down; I told them it was of no use, it was all in vain, and if they were not quiet I should shoot them immediately; he said I might shoot, and be damned; I presented my pistol; and Mr. Rudd then came and told Norris, if he did not immediately take his gun away, he would shoot him, and presented his pistol; and Mr. Rudd then came behind Norris, and took the gun from him; Norris then returned a little way back, where there were a great many flint stones; and Norris and his wife, and Long Jack, began to throw stones; and a little boy, who I believe was Norris's son, helped his father with the stones, and I was hit in several places; and I was hit in this hand, which made me unable to follow my business for some time; I then shot at Norris; I did not hit him; I aimed at his legs; I thought he would then be quiet.
How long did this last?
I suppose for four or five minutes: we were a long while getting the tubs, and during the time this hand was hurt, and Norris came and took up one of the casks, and ran into the house with it.
Are you sure it was Norris that ran away with the cask?
I am sure it was Norris: we then got up as well as we could upon the horses, and they followed us on the road; but we rode off pretty fast, and got from them: I saw him several times since, but he was on horseback, in Stroud; but I did not attempt to take him, because I thought it was in vain: I am perfectly clear he is the man.
You indicted him, we understand, in January?
I believe it was in January.
You had a warrant against him?
In consequence of that we had.
You saw him in Stroud afterwards?
I did; I saw him in Stroud.
Perhaps the Jury know that Stroud is a pretty large place; you gave no alarm when you saw this man?
It is impossible for a man on foot to take another on horseback.
Did you give any alarm?
I did not.
Did you ask any person to go with you after the man, and tell them that he was indicted?
I suppose he thought it was all dropped; and then he would be alarmed.
Is there no such a thing as getting assistance in such a publick town as Stroud?
No; where would he have been while I got assistance.
You did not make any attempt of that sort?
I did not at that time; I had not got the warrant.
Where was the warrant got?
At Gravesend.
There was a Robert Norris at Gravesend?
I don't know.
Do not you know that a man of the name of Robert Norris had absconded on your\\ send\\ ing down the warrant?
No.
