I am a dealer in clothes , in Mr. Mason's change, Rosemary Branch , before you come to Rag-fair.
When did you lose your cloak?
Last Thursday.
Did you see it taken?
No.
What time of the day did it happen?
Between three and four.
Did you see it after it was missing?
I did not see it till this man Michael Aaron Bishop stopped him with it, and brought him to me.
Shall you know it again when you see it?
Yes, I shall.
Did you know it was missing before it was brought back?
little before I did; I cried out, my gown is gone, and I ran out, and my wife ran out.
You have known me two years, have you any thing to say against me before?
I have nothing to say against his character before, I never knew any bad thing of him before.
What are you?
taylor.
Do you know Mr. Mason's change?
Yes.
Did you see the prisoner take the gown?
Yes, between three and four o'clock last Thursday.
Is it a silk gown?
Yes.
Where was it laying?
On the stand; I stood at Mr. Levy's stall, dealing about a pair of breeches, and I asked at Mr. Solomon's, if they had sold a man a gown? and he said, no; and I said I see a man take a gown from the stall; says be, for God's sake run after him, and I ran after him, and he and his wife and I overtook him, and stopped him, he had the gown on him.
Did you take the gown from him?
I did not till he came to the change.
Have you kept the gown ever since?
Yes, I have(Produced.)
What is the value of it?
The gentleman bought it the same day, and he gave half a guinea for it.
Prosecutor It is my gown, it is marked by the pawnbroker, G.F. and it is marked by me inside of the cuff, ten shillings and sixpence, what it cost me.
Did you buy it of a pawnbroker?
Yes, of Mr. Barber, in the Borough.
How came you at this change?
We are there every day, for the purpose of selling.
Was this gown exposed for sale?
It laid on the stall to be sold.
This stall is Mr. Mason's you say. Do you pay any thing to him for selling at this stall?
Yes, two shillings and three pence a week.
Were you present when he was brought back?
I did not see him brought back with the gown, but when I came back to the change he was there in the change with the gown, the gown was then in his bag, not taken out.
I went to Rag-fair to buy some things at this time, and a man asked me to buy this gown, and I looked at it, and he said, put it into your bag, and we will deal for it afterwards, and I put it into my bag.
Who was the man that said put it into your bag?
man that goes about the fair; and I asked Mr. Solomon to take me about the fair, and I would shew him the man.
Do you mean to say that the other man sold it to you?
Yes, he did, I paid him for it, seven shillings and sixpence.
To Michael Aaron . When you took this man, did he tell you that he bought it?
He did not.
To Joseph. Did he tell you that he had bought it of any body else?
He told me before the justice that a man asked him seven shillings and sixpence for it, and he was to go with him to the ale-house.
