I am journeyman to Mr. Smith, tallow-chandler , Red-lion-street, Holborn .
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; he attended Mr. Smith as an Excise-Officer ; I let him in on the morning of the 7th of June, at half past four, he came to unlock the copper in consequence of the notice I had given him.
Did you observe any thing particular that had happened when he came to make his survey?
He had a basket and trowel in his hand, he said he would leave it in our cellar; I had very strong suspicion that he robbed Mr. Smith, and determined to watch him; he surveyed and signed the specimen, and was coming up stairs and I drew back; he came up into the passage, and looked round him, upon that he muttered something to himself about the specimen, and went down into the cellar again, I followed him, and saw him stoop and pick up the sat which was spread about the floor in the cellar, he took it up and put it to his nose to smell it, and then put it in his pocket.
What quantity of fat was there?
Three pounds; I then came up stairs, and stopped him at the bottom of the dining-room stairs; I laid hold of him, and he said, for God's sake, what are you going to do, for God's sake let me alone, I am a ruined man; I then called Mr. Smith, and he then pulled the fat out of his pocket, and put it into Mr. Smith's handkerchief.
This man, I believe, has a wife, and two children?
I do not know.
Whereabouts is the value of this fat?
It is worth upwards of sixteen-pence, taking rough and good altogether.
You said you saw him smell to it, what do you suppose he meant by smelling to it?
I should suppose, to know whether it was sweet or not.
How many hundred weight of fat were there?
I suppose seven or eight.
I gave directions to my servant to watch the prisoner; I was called down stairs, and I got out of bed without putting any thing on, and directly as I came down, he went down up his knees, and said, for God's sake, forgive me, I am a ruined man; I said, no, I shall not, the prisoner then himself took the fat out of one pocket first, and then the other, and put it into my handkerchief.
It was mutton suet, such as would make a pudding for a family, I suppose?
Beef suet is generally used for puddings.
How long had he surveyed your house?
The latter end of January, or beginning of February.
