I am in partnership with Mr. Thomas Chapman ; the prisoner formerly lived with me as an extra man; he had been dismissed from our service the day before, I believe: Between one and two o'clock on the 8th of June, I saw the prisoner in the yard; some of the men in the yard said, that two flasks of oil that were on the place. had been taken from the prisoner; he made no particular reply then, but I desired some of my people to go immediately for a constable; I asked him, if he would shew the constable where he took them from.
Did you make him any promise if he did, or use any threat if he did not?
No.
That was not till after the constable came?
No.
I really think it does not.
Did not the constable, or any other person say, it would be better for him?
Not to my knowledge; it was not said within my hearing, not do I know that it was said-I desired the constable to go with him, and I went with him, and he pointed out the place where he had taken it from.
The oil was in flasks?
Yes; the prisoner went past the warehouse, and said, he believed he took them from there, and then he came into the warehouse, and said, that was the place he had taken them from; there was a vacancy in one half chest of two flasks; I tasted the oil, and it was the same sort of oil, it was new oil, and I was satisfied it must have come from that warehouse.
I take it, if you had tasted any other new oil, it would have had much the same taste?
It would.
Do you sell oil by retail?
No; we are agents.
You send samples out?
Yes.
You will not take upon you to swear, that there were no samples went out that day?
I cannot say that there were, I do not think there were.
I am a constable; I was sent for by Mr. Aylwin, to take the prisoner into custody, I did not find any thing upon him; Mr. Aylwin desired me to take him into the warehouse, and ask him the particulars; I asked him if he knew the place where he took the oil from.
Did you tell him it would be better for him to confess, or that it would be worse for him if he did not?
No; there was a chest up stairs, where the first tier of bottles were gone, the second tier had bottles removed out of it, and he said, that is the chest I took it out of.
