I keep a shoemaker's shop in Broad-street, St. Giles's No. 40 .
Did you lose the things in the indictment at any time?
Yes. On the 9th of this month, Sunday, I lost them from a back parlour, they were took from the children as they lay in bed.
Did you see them taken?
No, it was in the night about nine o'clock, the watchman stopped the prisoner with the things under his arm in the street.
When did you first know the things were missing?
The watchman alarmed us, we were in bed, it was a quarter past ten, I got up and my wife, and we went down, and missed the things directly.
Did you know these things to be your's?
Yes.
You know the prisoner?
Yes.
He has been frequently at your house backward and forward?
Yes, several times.
You are very well acquainted with him?
He used to sell sugar candy in a basket, and he used to call at the door, and used to buy sugar candy for the children. I have got five children.
You have got a servant maid; the knew the prisoner at the bar as well as you?
She did not do it.
He used to come with the basket with sugar candy?
Sometimes he might not call for three or four months.
Was she up or in bed?
She was in bed when I went down.
I am a watchman, I know the prisoner. Between nine and ten o'clock, on Sunday night, the ninth of this month, as I was coming on my duty,I met the prisoner, and he kept the middle of the street, and I had suspicion of him, and I went to him and asked him where he lived? he said in Whitechapel, and I fetched him down, and he offered me a bribe, and I laid faster hold of him.
What bribe did he offer?
He pulled out some money. I told him I should not have it. When the constable of the night examined him in the watch-house, he gave several excuses.
What did you find on him in the street?
The things in the indictment.
How did he carry these things?
He carried them quite loose, they were only huddled up, he had them in his arm, the constable of the night took them from him, and the constable of the night gave them back to me, and I have kept them ever since.
How far might he be from the house of Mr. Reynold's when you saw him?
Not a quarter of a mile.
Was he going in a direction to or from the house?
Coming from it.
How long have you been a watchman?
A year and a half.
Did you know the prisoner at the bar before?
I think I had seen him the Saturday night before.
I believe it was not above a hundred yards from the house where you stopt him?
It was above five hundred yards.
He said he had got nothing but his own property?
He did.
He was very sober I take it for granted?
I cannot say whether he was sober or not.
Try your memory a little, did you go with him to the watch-house?
I had him to the watch-house certainly.
How long did you stay with him?
Did he appear to be drunk?
No, that he did not.
Just now you told me that you did not know whether he was drunk or sober? I believe the prosecutor was very sorry that this man was taken up, was not he?
I hear you, but I will not answer for any body but myself.
Don't you know that the prosecutor was very sorry?
Not that I could find.
Did not you hear him say so?
I never heard him say so.
Then you did not answer when the prosecutor said so, that he did not with to hurt him, then I will discharge him, but I will have three guineas of him?
No, no such thing passed.
Nor any thing like it?
No,I said no such thing.
Perhaps two guineas then?
Nor two guineas; they have been teizing the prosecutor and I both, ever since he has been put in prison.
What was said about money in the watch-house?
Upon my oath not a farthing.
Did not you say that you would take it?
No.
Not two or three guineas?
I never spoke of any such thing.
Nor any sum whatever?
Nor no other sum.
Did that pass in the watch-house?
They asked me at the watch-house, I told them I was paid by the parish, and would do parish duty.
Did not you say that you would take three guineas, or two guineas, and discharge him?
I told them always when they offered me that I would take no money.
What do you say at your offering to take it?
I never have offered to take it, upon my oath.
I am a servant to Mr. Reynolds.
How long have you been his servant?
Two months.
Was you at home when the house was robbed?
Yes.
Were all the family out?
The prisoner came to the door, and asked if he should leave the basket there? between six and seven on Sunday evening. I said no, and he went about a dozen yards, and he turned back again, and he said shall I leave the basket? I said no, to him; says he to the little boy, don't you know me? the little boy said yes, one of the children of the family. The things were missing about a quarter after ten, he was there between six and seven.
Where were the the things missing from?
The back parlour.
Is not that where the children are?
Yes.
Was any body else at home at that time but you?
Nobody but me and the children.
How many children are there?
Five.
Did he come into the house at that time at all?
He followed me into the back parlour, and put his basket down on the floor,and I lifted it up into the chair; and he said by and by I will call for it again, and that was all that passed.
Did he leave it there then?
Yes.
But I understood you before that you would not let him leave the basket?
He went about a dozen yards, and then he returned again; and he said that he knew my master and mistress for a great many years, with that I let him leave his basket the second time.
Did he ever come back for his basket at all?
I never see him any more, till I see him at the justice's.
What sort of a basket is it?
An old large basket, with a piece out of the bottom of it.
What was missing from the house?
A linen patch worked coverlid, &c.
Where were they laying?
On the children, the children were in bed at the same time, I was up stairs waiting on supper, and I forgot to lock the door. I never knew they were gone till the watchman came and rattled at the door.
Can you say at all at the time that he left the basket, that they were lost then?
I am sure that they were not lost then. When he came with the basket, the children were in bed,some of them.
Did you observe that these clothes were on the children after he left the house?
They were,I am sure of it.
Then he did not take them at that time?
He did not.
When he went away did you shut the door after him?
It was shut,for I
padlocked the door, and master and mistress came home between eight and nine.
Where did they sup?
Up stairs.
Did you let your master and mistress into the house?
Yes.
Did you shut the door after them?
Yes.
Did you bolt the door after them?
No.
Then between nine and ten you heard the alarm?
The watchman knocked at the door. The parlour is in the back room on the ground floor.
Do you know what the value of them may be altogether?
I do not.
You have told the whole truth?
I have.
Every part is truth?
It is.
Then at the time this man left his basket, you was waiting on supper, with your master and mistress?
I am sure they were at home.
You said, if I am not wrong,you said they were not at home? between six and seven the jew came there? You have a number of sweethearts?
No sweetheart of mine.
If the watchman has said that he caught the prisoner two or three hundred yards running away, he has told a lie?
No, he has not told a story.
You are sure that the watchman came knocking at the door, and asked whether you lost any things?
Yes.
Did he bring them with him between nine and ten?
He did not, they were at the watch-house.
Were all the children in bed?
They were all in bed.
The little boy and all?
Yes, all.
You are sure of that?
I am sure of that.
The little boy did not happen to say that he knew him?
That was between six and seven.
Did you know the prisoner at the bar before?
No.
Never knew him before?
I never saw him, only at the house, and at the justice's.
What time did you master and mistress go to bed that night?
About a quarter after ten.
How soon were they disturbed?
I don't know, about ten o'clock.
How came you to stay up so late?
I was in bed.
What time did your master and mistress sup?
About a quarter before ten.
You told the gentlemen of the Jury that you waited on your master and mistress at a quarter after ten, and at ten o'clock you went to bed? Was it a quarter after ten that you and your master went to bed, or was it a quarter after ten that you went to supper?
It wanted a quarter to ten when my master and mistress went to supper.
I think you say you never saw this man before?
Never.
How came you to leave him below stairs in your master's house, if you never saw him before?
No, I did not leave him below stairs, he was not four minutes with me, and he gave me an orange, and he gave the little boy an apple.
Perhaps he might give you something else?
He did not.
You did not drink any thing with him?
No, there was no liquor sent for at all.
Was the basket left in the parlour?
Yes.
You had no struggling with the prisoner, he wanting to get away and have his basket?
No, there was no reason for it.
Did he endeavour to get away and you prevented him?
No.
Did you know what was in the basket?
He had sweet stuff.
What time did your master and mistress go out in the afternoon?
It was about eight o'clock; they came home between six and seven, and went to chapel.
Then between six and seven this man had been with the basket, and they were having their tea after that?
They had not their tea till a quarter to eight, and they went out again at eight to chapel, they went to hear a part of it, and they came home about a quarter after nine.
You told your master and mistress when they came home what had happened, I take it for granted?
I told him that the jew left the basket, and that the jew said that he knew him a great many years.
Why, did you tell them before they went to chapel?
No, after they came home.
What time did they come home from chapel?
It is done at eight o'clock.
Why you said just now that they went at eight to hear a part of the service after they drank tea? now what time did they come home again?
It wanted about a quarter to nine, and they had not their supper till a quarter to ten.
Was your master and mistress in bed when the watchman came?
Yes, and I was in bed.
What time did you go to bed, ten o'clock?
No.
Why you told the gentlemen of the jury just now, that it was at a quarter after ten that the watchman came.
That young woman, as I passed by the place, she asked me in, and kept me from half past six, till half past nine; and she asked me to take them things with me; she gave them me herself, and I left my basket there; the girl made me leave the basket, she would not let me take it away; I was to come on the morrow and meet her, and give her what the things fetched.
Did this man stay all this time in this place with you?
No.
Upon your oath did you give him any of these things?
I did not.
Did he or did he not, at the watch-house, say any thing about the house, from whence these things came from?
My Lord, he said first that he brought them from the corner of Monmouth-street; their house is three or four doors from Middle-row; in the street; he said they were his own property, he told us that he brought them from the corner of Monmouth-street, and it being Sunday night, the constable of the night convinced him of that; then he said he brought them from the corner house. I am certain he said the corner house.
What business did he say he had there?
He did not tell what business he had there, he said he left his basket where he brought the things from; the constable of the night examined him again, and desired him to tell where he fetched them from, and he would not detain him any longer; then when he was backward I asked him to tell me the number of the house, and I would go there and get him acquitted, with that he told the number of the house, a shoemaker's house, No. 40, St. Giles's; then I went up and rapped at the door, and asked the man if he had lost any bed-clothes.
He told you the right number of the house?
He did.
Did you see the basket there?
I did not.
What time was it?
As soon I cried ten o'clock, it was a few minutes after ten when I alarmed the house.
When you got back to that hous (No. 40,) what time was it?
It was about ten minutes after ten, between ten minutes and a quarter of an hour.
Did the girl appear to be in bed?
She did, one of the lodgers let me in.
Did not the girl say at the time that she had let you in?
She said that she let her mistress in to the apartment where she lay.
Then the mistress was up?
She got up on my alarm.
When you came home did you hear of this basket?
My little girl told me that the jew had been there, and gave the girl an orange, and her brother an apple; she spoke of it after the child told me.
When was it you first saw the basket?
I did not see the basket at all till the day after, which was on Monday. The basket is there now.
Did the servant maid at any time say any thing to you about the basket, afterwards?
When she came up to wait at surper, I asked her if the jew and she had been fellow servants? she said no, she never knew him in her life. A little after ten the watchman came and made an alarm, and the lodger let him in, and they came up to my door, and we got up.
Did the servant maid first tell you about this basket, or did you speak to her first about it?
To the best of my recollection she told me, that the jew had been there, and he had left his basket, and that she refused to take it.
Did your servant lay on this same bed where the clothes were taken off?
Not on the same bed, but in the same room.
How long had this servant been with you?
About two months, but I don't recollect that ever she saw him before.
What time did the little boy go to bed?
About a quarter to nine, and the quilt was on the bed then.
These are my things.
