I am a shoe-maker , in Bryanstone-street: On Monday, the 8th of June, a Bank-note was brought to me.
Look at the note, is that the same?
It is; the man's name was Long, as I found afterwards, he came for a pair of boots that I had had to repair, he asked what they came to; I told him half-a-guinea; upon that, he pulled that note out of his pocket, and gave it me. I went to the Three Tuns to get it changed; I afterwards had reason to believe it was a forged note, I returned it back to the man that gave it me.
Who were you to repair these boots for?
In consequence of what Long told you, did you go any where and find Thomas Phillips?
Yes, I went with him into Portman-square; when we got about half way down the square, Phillips came up to us, and we told him it was a bad one; in consequence of that, Phillips took us to a public-house in Marybone-street, kept by Mr. John.
In consequence of what Phillips and Long said to you, who did you find there?
When we came there, the prisoner was not there; I went to Berners-street, and when I came back he was at the public-house; I asked him how he came by the note.
Did you shew him the note?
After a bit he saw it; he said he had taken it at the Duke of Portland's office, he said he was at a King's Messenger; then I asked him if he would go with me to the Duke of Portland's office; he said, yes, as he was King's Messenger, he had taken it there in part of his salary.
Had you shewn him the note by this time?
After that, he asked if he might see the note; I took the note out of my pocket and shewed it him, and he said it was his note; he asked what it was; and I told him it was a one altered into a five; upon that, he said he should be under the necessity of making an affidavit that he had taken it at the Duke of Portland's office, or he should be four pounds loser; upon that he went out, and stood in the passage talking with a woman at the bar, whom I afterwards saw, and who turned out to be Mrs. John, the landlady; after he had spoke to her, he came back, and said he thought he had taken it at the Duke of Portland's office, but the landlady had given it him.
Did he tell you under what circumstances, or how the landlady had given it him?
No; he then, to the best of my knowledge, asked me to take his measure for a pair of boots, that he had great connections, and it might be the means of getting me a deal of work, I took measure of him for a pair of books; upon that, Long said, he wanted to speak to me, and I went out with him; when I came back, Crawford asked what business we had to go out, he said, if we had had any thing to say we might have spoke it there; then Phillips and he rather abused Long for calling me out; with that, I went to the landlady and enquired for a constable, I went away to Marlborough-street; when I returned I shewed him to the runners, and he was taken into custody.
When you first came back to the public-house there was some conversation before the note was produced?
Yes.
Therefore, it was impossible for him to understand whether your conversation applied to that note or any other note of five pounds?
That note; he acknowledged the note.
But your previous conversation was not applicable to that any more than any other five pound note?
No.
It was not till after he had had some conversation with the landlady that he corrected himself, and said he had it from her?
No.
Was it before he had been the note that he said he had had it from the Duke of Portland's office?
Yes, before he had seen it.
You told him it was a forged note?
The two young fellows had told him so.
He knew it was a forged note?
Yes.
He was given to understand that you were going for a constable-you had said so?
Yes.
And,\\ not\\ withstanding, he knew you were going for a constable, upon your returning with a constable, you found him at his lodgings at the public-house?
Yes, in the public tap-room.
How many persons were there?
There was nobody that heard the conversation.
Was it not in the public tap-room?
Yes, and several persons came in and out.
After the note was produced, did he say any thing about the Duke of Portland's office?
He said, he was a King's messenger, several times, and that he had received it as part of his salary.
Did he not say, after he had had a conversation with the woman, that he thought he had received it from the Duke of Portland's office?
Yes; but then he said the landlady had given it him.
After you had shewn him the note, he said, he was a messenger, and had received it is part of his salary-was that before he had had the conversation with the landlady, and after he had seen the note?
Yes.
I went to Mr. Ashfield's, for a pair of boots, Thomas Phillips desired me go there.
Did you take that note to him?
I took a note, but I cannot swear to it.
The note you produced to Ashfield, you received from Phillips?
Yes.
I gave the last witness a five pound note to pay for a pair of boots of mine that had been repaired. I met with the prisoner opposite Mr. John's door, about two o'clock in the afternoon of the Monday, I had got a pair of books in my hand, I told him, I was going to sell them; he said, they were not big enough for him, or else he would buy them; I told him, I thought I had a pair that would just suit him; he desired me to fetch them; I said, I could not, they were at the boot-maker's and I had no money; he asked me what I thought they would come to; I said, about ten shillings; the prisoner then gave me the note doubled up, and said, it was a five pound note; I owed Mr. Ashfield a trifle of money, which I was not able to pay, and I asked Mr. Long to go for the boots for me, because I did not like to make free with Crawford's money any further than he had given me toleration to do.
Was the note you gave Long the same you received from Crawford?
Yes; I did not open it at all.
Long came back to you?
Yes, he did, in the square, Mr. Ashfield came back with him; I went with them to Mr. John's, to see for the prisoner, we waited till he came; I told him, it was a bad note; he said, he was very sorry for it, he must be the loser.
Did you hear him say where he had taken it?
No. There were several people in the taproom; I believe every one in the tap-room might hear the conversation about the note and every thing.
Did he say any thing about where he got it from?
I understood that he had received it from the Duke of Portland's office, and afterwards, he said, he had found himself quite mistaken, he had it from the landlady.
All the conversation that passed relative to this note, passed in the public tap-room, did it not?
Yes.
And every body near the place might have heard it very plainly?
Yes.
He said, he had found himself mistaken, he had had it from the landlady?
Yes, and the landlady came forward to say it was the note.
How long was it after you had left the house to go to Marlborough-street, that you came back?
It might be fifteen or twenty minutes.
I am one of the officers of Marlborough-street: I went with Mr. Ashfield to a public-house in Marybone-street; the prisoner knew me before I knew him, he asked me how I did; I told him, very well; I asked Mr. Ashfield, where is the man that gave the note to you; he said, he was not here; Mr. Crawford made answer, the note is mine; I said to Crawford, you must give an account how you came by that note; he said, he took it at the Duke of Portland's office, he was one of the King's Messengers. The landlady came forward, and said the note was her's, and he acknowledged he received it from her; I took him into the back parlour, and searched him, but found nothing on him but a sixpence and some halfpence.
Was any question asked at the Magistrate's before the examination?
Yes.
Was it not taken in writing?
No.
Was it afterwards put into writing?
I cannot say.
Will you swear it was not taken in writing?
No, I will not.
So when you came in, he knew you, and knew you to be a public officer, and he gave you the account that you have described, immediately, saying it was his note, and that in the public tap-room?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Fielding. I am office-keeper at the Duke of Portland's office.
Is there any such man a messenger in the office, as the prisoner?
No, nor ever was.
I am an upholsterer, in High Holborn: On the 29th of May, I received a five pound note from Mrs. John, which I should know again.
Look at that note?
That is the note I received from Mrs. John, I returned it to her again a fortnight afterwards.
Why did you return it to her?
I had paid it away, and it was returned back to me.
When you went back to Mrs. John, and you had an opportunity of telling her of it, was any person with her?
Yes, the prisoner at the bar.
Then he heard what passed?
I believe he did. I told Mrs. John, it was a one pound note made into a five pound, and the prisoner at the bar looked at it, but I did not hear him make any observations upon it. Mrs. John said, she must be the loser of it; says I, you will lose but four pounds, and that is better than losing five, but, perhaps you may recollect in a few days where you took it.
You gave her no advice?
None at all.
Did you know the prisoner before?
I do not know that I have seen him above twice or three times in my life.
Did you say before the Magistrates that he was the person?
I never was before the Magistrate upon the business.
You kept the note about a fortnight?
Yes; I had it in my own possession about a week, and then I paid it away to Mrs. Kinsey, she is here.
Did Mrs. John make any other observation?
No; she said, she could not recollect where she took it unless it was from No. 29.
I received a note from Mr. Bateson, I put Mr. Bateson's name upon the back of it.
Look at that note?
This is the note that I received from Mr. Bateson, I gave him change for it.
How long was it in your possession?
A week, I think, and then it was paid to Mr. Rich.
How long had he it in his possession?
From Saturday morning till evening. It was paid away by my son, I was out of town.
You left it with other notes in your son's possession?
Yes.
Can you say whether you had any other five pound notes in the house?
Yes.
When did you write Mr. Bateson's name upon it?
The instant I received it from Mr. Bateson.
I sign the one pound notes in the Bank; this is my writing.
Are you able to say what that note was originally?
It was A.9749; it was a one pound note at the time that I signed it; here appears to he an alteration in the date, from the 10th to the 16th, and the one is altered into a five.
You do not sign five pound notes?
No.
Saying Mrs. John, this is my case, if the gentleman, who is counsel for the prisoner, chuses to examine her, she is here.
I received the note from Mrs. John, by the hands of her niece.
I am going of thirteen years old, the prisoner lodged at my aunt's house, Mrs. John.
Do you remember being desired by the prisoners to ask your aunt to lend a sum of money?
No. On Sunday morning, the 17th of June, he asked me for change for a ten pound note.
That was the day before he was taken up?
Yes.
Did he give you a ten pound note?
No.
Do you know that he was in the habit of borrowing money of Mrs. John?
No.
In consequence of this desire, did you go up stairs to your aunt?
Yes, she was ill at that time in bed; I went up and asked her for change for a ten pound note for Mr. Crawford, and she gave me the keys of the drawers to take it; I took out of the drawer five pounds, four guineas and a half, and some silver.
Are you sure it was a five pound note?
Yes.
Was there any other five pound note there?
No.
Look at that note, and see if it is the same note?
This is the note, I took it down stairs to Mr. Crawford, and gave the note and the cash to him; he said he did not want it all, and returned the cash; I thought the cash would be more useful to my aunt than the note, and therefore I took the cash back.
Are you correct in stating exactly what Crawford said at the time he desired you to go up to your aunt-did he ask for change, or cash, or in any particular way?
No; he only asked for change for a ten pound note.
Did your aunt desire you to pay it in any particular way, or did you take it as you found it?
I took it as I found it in the drawer.
Was there any more cash in the drawer?
Yes, but I cannot say how much, I did not count it.
How long have you lived with your aunt?
From three years and a half old.
How long has Crawford lodged at your aunt's?
About a year, I believe.
He wanted change for a ten pound note-he sent the cash back-did he give you a ten pound note?
No.
What did he say?
He said no further than I might take the cash back again, he did not want it all.
The last witness is your niece?
Yes.
The prisoner is a lodger in your house?
Yes; and has been for about these twelve months.
On Sunday the 17th of June were you unwell?
I was very ill in bed, with a rheumatic pain in my head, which I am subject to.
Do you remember your niece coming up for change for Mr. Crawford?
Yes; she came up for change for a ten pound note, I told her to take the keys and get it, and she gave him that note, which she did not know had been returned to me by Mr. Bateson.
Do you remember afterwards, Ashfield, Phillips, Long, and Kennedy, coming to your house?
Yes.
Do you remember admitting before those persons, that that note was given by this little girl to Crawford?
Yes; and knowing I had no other five pound note by me, I knew it was the same.
Crawford had lived with you during a twelvemonth?
Yes.
Had he been in the habit of borrowing money of you before?
Yes; half-a-guinea or so, at times, he always paid me very honestly; I have received four pounds and five pounds of him at a time, but never gave me a note.
How does he get his livelihood?
He was a servant out of place, and being a good writer, he used to make out bills for the coachmen and footmen, and they paid him for it.
Did the little girl bring you up a ten pound note?
No.
Did you ever happen to say she did?
I did, when I was very much flurried.
Do you remember Mr. Bateson coming to your house?
Yes.
Do you remember Crawford being there?
Yes.
