I live at No. 81, East-Smithfield; my father's name is William Brown, he keeps a hosier's and haberdasher's shop : On the 20th of last June, about twelve o'clock at noon, the prisoner came into the shop, and said, he wanted two or three pair of stockings, and I must give him change for a note; I said, if he would let me look at it, I would see for the change; I called my brother down stairs, and sent him with it to my father, at a neighbour's house.
Did you see the date?
Yes; it was a Bristol Bank-note, payable by the Cashiers of the Bank of England; I did not observe the number.
What is your brother's name?
A. Joseph Brown .
Did you see the note afterwards?
I saw it in my father's hand.
Did you, on the 20th of June, receive any paper from your sister?
Yes; a five pounds Bank-note.
What did you do with the note?
She told me to take it to my father, at a neighbour's house, Mr. Clark's, Manor-row, Tower-hill, and I gave him the note.
It was the same note that you received from your sister?
Yes.
I keep a hosier's shop, No. 81, East-Smithfield: On the 20th of June, my son brought me a five pounds note; I called in at Mr. Roebuck's, and shewed him the note.
What did you do with the note?
I gave the note to Mr. Roebuck, and then came home.
Before you gave it to Mr. Roebuck, did you notice what the note was?
It was for five pounds, drawn from Bristol, directed to the Cashiers of the Bank of England; I observed the number particularly, it was No. 800; it is made payable to Robert Wilkinson, or bearer.
When you went home, did you see the prisoner at the bar?
Yes; that is the man; I asked him where he had the note; I told him I had been informed there were a number of bad notes of that description; he told me had taken it on board a ship he believed, of a mate; I asked him what goods he wanted, he told me, two pair of stockings for himself, and two or three pair for a woman; I told him there was a friend of mine gone to the Bank, to know if it was a good one, and when he returned, I would give him the difference in change; he said, no, he could not wait, he must be going, and seemed very much agitated; I said, wait a few minutes, my friend will return back presently, and we may as well settle it at once, and take your change with you; he said,no, he must be moving, he could not stop; I then asked him if he wanted any other goods; he said, no; says I, do you went a silk handkerchief; says he, I want one, but I do not see a good one; I desired my daughter to pull one down that was a good one, he liked the handkerchief, and put the stockings in the handkerchief, and tied them up, and ran out of the shop quite in haste; he would not give me leave to tie them up in a paper; I forgot to state one part of the conversation; I asked him what his name was, when he was in such a hurry, and would not stop till Mr. Rocbuck returned.
Mr. Roebuck was the friend that you sent to the Bank?
Yes; I asked him his name, and he said, Richard Barber; I asked him what ship he belonged to; he said, the Mary, of Yarmouth; I asked him when he would return for his change; he desired me to be sure to have it ready, and he would come at six o'clock.
Did he say where the Mary, of Yarmouth, then lay?
Yes; he said she lay at Wapping old stairs; after Mr. Roebuck returned, I went down to Wapping Old Stairs, and enquired amongst the watermen, but could not hear of any such ship.
Did you ever see the prisoner after that, till you saw him before my Lord-Mayor?
No.
How long might that be after he was at your shop?
It might be about three weeks or a month.
How came you to ask him what ship he belonged to?
He was in a sailor's habit, I thought he was a mate, or something of that kind.
When Mr. Roebuck returned, did he return you the same note?
Yes; out of his hand into mine, in the street.
Was it the same note?
Yes.
Have you had it ever since?
No; I delivered it to Mr. Abraham Newland .
When you delivered it to Mr. Newland, did you get any copy of it?
Yes; it was made by one of Mr. Newland's clerks.
Did you examine it with the note, to see if it was a correct copy?
I did.
Then when you see the note again, you will be able to ascertain whether it is the same note, or not?
Yes.
Is that a correct copy?
Yes; Mr. Newland said it was pretty correct.
Should you know the gentleman again that gave you the copy, if you saw him?
Yes, I think I should.
You said you examined the copy with the original yourself?
Yes.
Was it word for word?
Yes, it was.
How much did the goods amount to?
A guinea and a half.
Then 3l. 9s. 6d. remained due to him?
Yes.
I am a grocer, at No. 26, East-smithfield.
Are you acquainted with Mr. William Brown?
Yes; on the 20th of June I received from him an order on the Bank of England, for the payment of five pounds, it was drawn by B. Phillips, and payable to Thomas Wilkinson, or bearer, dated Bristol, the 7th of June; he delivered it to me, and I took it to the Bank.
Had you observed the number, and the payer, and the drawer's name, before you took it to the Bank?
Yes; I took particular notice of it.
To what office in the Bank did you take it?
The drawing-office; I presented it to Mr. Rippon, he delivered if to Mr. Richards, the principal of that office; Mr. Richards carried it into another room, and left me in the office, I was desired to walk into that other room, and I found it in the hands of Mr. Newland.
Were Mr. Rippon and Mr. Richards both present when you saw it in the hands of Mr. Newland?
I believe neither of them.
Did you know it to be the same that you had delivered to Mr. Rippon?
I have no doubt of it; Mr. Newland refused payment, I brought it back again, and returned it to Mr. Brown.
I am clerk in the drawing-office, in the Bank; on the 20th of June, Mr. Roebuck came to our office with a Piece of paper, purporting to to be drawn from Bristol, dated the 7th of June, payable to Thomas Wilkinson , Esq; or bearer, for five pounds, signed B. Phillips, drawn on the Cashiers of the Bank of England.
Did you notice the number at the time?
Yes; I noticed the number to be 800; when it was presented to me by Mr. Roebuck, it appeared to me to be a forgery; I then presented it to Mr. Richards, the principal of the office to which I belong.
From whom did you receive the note?
From Mr. Newland.
Do you know whether that was the same note that Roebuck presented to you, and that you presented to Mr. Richards?
From the number and name, and its having been drawn partly in manuscript, and partly engraved.
Do you happen to know whether the Bank of England has any correspondence with a person of the name of B. Phillips?
No, they have not nor have they any correspondence with any person at Bristol.
How do you know that?
As a proof of it, I referred to our ledger, which contains the names of all our correspondents, and no such name appears.
You are head clerk in the drawing-office in the Bank?
I am.
Did you receive, on the 20th of June, any note from Mr. Rippon?
I did.
Look at that note, and see if that is the note you received from Mr. Rippon?
I believe this to be the note.
Have you any doubt of it?
None at all.
What did you do with it after you received it from Mr. Rippon?
I told Mr. Rippon, I believed it to be a forged note; and I carried it to Mr. Newland.
Did the Bank pay it or not?
No; we refused payment of it.
You being the principal in the drawing-office, I would ask you, if the Bank have any correspondence with a person of the name of B. Phillips?
No such person; I examined the ledger.
Have you any doubt that this is the same note?
I have none at all.
Look at that note, and tell me if that is the same that you delivered to Mr. Rippon, on the 20th of June?
I really believe it is, I cannot entertain any doubt of it.
Does it correspond in every respect?
It does.
Is that the same note you received from Mr. roebuck, when he returned from the Bank?
I Believe it is.
Have you any doubt of it?
None at all, I am sure it is by one particular mark.
What particular mark?
In the figure of seven in the day of the month.
Is that the same note you received of Mr. Newland?
I believe it is.
Is that the same note that you gave Mr. Newland?
I believe it is.
Is that the same note that you gave Mr. Newland?
Yes, and the same that I received from him; I had it in my possession a fortnight before; I called upon Mr. Newland with it.
Are you sure it is the same note you delivered to Mr. Roebuck?
Yes.
Do you recollect whether that is the same note or not?
I have no doubt but it is the same note.
Look at that paper, and tell us if you recollect any thing of it?
Yes; this is the same note that my sister gave me.
Did not you say, that you did not read it?
I read it so far as to see that it was No.800.
I am accompting post-master, at Bristol; I have lived there above twenty years.
Do you know a house there of the name of B. Phillips?
I know of no such person.
Did you make any enquiry after such a person?
Yes, through, the medium of the letter carriers; but could not hear of any body of that name.
Did you enquire of any other class of people that was likely to know?
No, I did not.
I am clerk in the City Solicitor's Office, at Guildhall.
Did you go to Bristol to enquire after a person of the name B. Phillips?
Yes; I examined as many of the parish books as I could get at in the short time I was there, and there was no such name; I enquired at the office of the Town-Clerk, where the rates are returned; I enenquired at some of the inns, and I enquired at the Post-Office, where I saw all the letter-carriers together, but could not hear of any such name; in one of the parish books there appeared to be a person of the name of Betty Phillips, whether her name was Betty or Elizabeth, they could not tell; the best account I could get of her was, that she kept an old clothes shop; I went to the street where she lived, but could not find any such person there; I enquired at two or three other clothes shops, but could not hear of her; I also examined the Directory, but found no such name there.
I have nothing to say, but leave it to the mercy of the Court.
