I keep a house in Cartwright-square, close to Tower-hill . It is about a fortnight to-morrow, I went out and double locked the chamber door, the outer door is generally open; when I came home my child says, mother, you have been robbed; and I went up stairs to my room, and I found the prisoner in the room.
Did you find any thing on her?
No.
Why do you charge her with stealing the blankets? was she an acquaintance of your's?
No, I never see her before to my knowledge.
Did you stop her?
I did stop her; I sent for an officer to take her.
How did you get at your blanket?
From the pawnbroker's.
If you found nothing on her when you stopped her, how was it you had her committed?
I missed the blanket off the bed, and she followed me down stairs, and said, never mind the blanket, and wanted to send for a quartern of gin.
Did you miss any thing else?
A candlestick that has never been found.
What happened after she was taken up? were any duplicates found on her?
The officer found a great many duplicates on her, but nothing belonging to me; she had made away with the duplicate that she had pawned the blanket.
Have you ever seen your blanket, since?
Yes.
Have you got it here?
Yes.
What is the pawnbroker's name?
Evans.
How did you happen to find your blanket?
I had a suspicion that she had carried it to the pawnbroker's, I went to several before I found it out, and at last I found it.
I know no more of the blanket than a child unborn; she came to me this morning, and wanted half a guinea of me in the gaol.
Did you go to this prisoner in the gaol?
Yes, I did; I went to see her along with my lodger, Mrs. Connelly.
Was she with you the whole of the time you were with the prisoner?
Yes.
Now I ask you whether you offered to settle this business if she would give you a trifle of money?
O no, I did not.
Then you say, on your oath, that you made her, nor she made you any offer about money?
Never.
Did you offer to forgive her this if the gave you half a guinea?
No, nothing of that kind passed.
I am a lodger of Mrs. Russell.
Do you know what was lost out of that room?
I do not.
Were you there when the prisoner was found in the room?
I was not.
Have you seen the blanket since?
I have seen it at the pawnbroker's. This here woman came into my room, it is a fortnight ago to-morrow, she came and stopped in my room, and I went out for a penny worth of wood.
Was Mrs. Russell at home or out?
She was out. I left her in my room, and just went over the way for a penny worth of wool. I have known the prisoner ever since I was born, and I never knew any harm of her.
Are you speaking of the time that she was taken by Mrs. Russell in the house, or a different time?
I do not know.
You knew that the prisoner was taken at Mrs. Russell's house?
No, not till I went up to the office.
What passed when Mrs. Russell went to the gaol to her?
She said, was not she ashamed of herself to give her so much trouble? that was all I heard mentioned.
I am servant to Mr. Evans, the pawnbroker, in East Smithfield; I know the prisoner, she pawned a blanket with my master, Friday the 6th of February.
Did you give her a duplicate?
Yes.
Did you ever see her before?
Yes, I have seen her pass and repass.
You knew her person then, you have no doubt about the woman?
Yes.
Have you got the blanket?
Yes.
How can you swear to your blanket?
I have no particular mark, but I have the fellow to it at home, there is no other mark than the child's piddle on it; I bought it last summer.
When you went out did you leave your lodger in your house?
Yes.
I find this woman by the account of your lodger was the same day in her apartment?
Yes, the same day; when I went out in the morning I left her at home.
Had she a key to let herself in?
Yes, of the street door.
What door was it that you found open?
My chamber door.
I know no more of the property than a child unborn; nor she never see me there, nor I never opened my lips to her from the time I was born to the time I was taken.
How does she get her livelihood?
She has got a husband at sea, but she does any handy work that a woman can do, she quilts petticoats, and she has been nursing sick people.
I have got a young child six months old, and a husband and two brothers at sea.
