On the 3d of October, I got up in the morning to give my horse some water, and I found my stable, but my horse was gone; I saw him about six o'clock in the morning, and about a quarter of an hour after the poney was gone; I had him to carry greens to sell about the streets in a cart; I afterwards got it from the prisoner, at Bow-fair; on the 4th of June, I owned the property, and went to a Magistrate, he used me very ill, he took out a knife and cut the bridle that I had in my hand, and knocked me down several times; the prisoner and the mob, and they all knocked me about very much, and treated me very bad; he said, he bought it at Blackheath-fair, I had seen him with it there, three weeks before, the 12th of May, and I told him it was my property, it was a stone-horse, he rode away then, I being a lame man, could not follow him, and I had not a farthing in my pocket; he said, he had bought it of a cow-keeper, he made believe to call the man to me, and then rode away.
What is the value of your horse?
I gave a guinea and a half for it at Barnet-fair.
I was with Knowles when he bought the horse at Barnet-fair, he gave a guinea and a half for it, I saw it in the prisoner's wife's possession at Bow-fair, and I saw it afterwards in Knowles's possession, I am sure it was the same horse.
This horse was impounded by Mr. Bennett, of Ilford, for three weeks, he gave it to a man of the name of Morse, who sold it to one Meredith, who sold it to she prisoner.
Desire the prosecutor to describe the horse.
It was a black poney with a brown muzzle and cross made behind, it was never worked till the prisoner worked it, it was used very ill after I lost it; it was very young, too young to work, it was only three years old. (The prisoner put in a second defence, which was read by Mr. Shelton.) The prisoner bought the horse of John Meredith; some time after that, a person came to the prisoner, and after examining the horse, told the prisoner it was his property, he believed, but added, it was a hard matter to swear to the same; he went to the fair, and some hours after, returned to his house in Kenr-street; the prisoner continued working the horse, which the prosecutor Knowles was well acquainted with, till the 12th of June; the prisoner said, he would not give it up without an officer; the prosecutor then used him very ill, he was advised to go to a Magistrate, which he did, when an examination took place, and the prisoner was committed; in about a week, Meredith, whom the prisoner bought the horse of, was apprehended, but the Magistrate did not think proper to detain him; the prosecutor says, he bought a brown horse, but the horse that the prisoner bought of Meredith, was a black horse.
I sold a horse to John Butler, at Blackheath; it was a little black, brown muzzle horse, on the 12th of May; I bought it of one Mr. Morse, of Eastham, it was in the pound when I bought it, about three weeks before I sold it.
What age was that horse?
Four years old.
I live at Eastham; Mr. John Bennett, who lives at the Three Rabbits, on the Rumford-road, sent me a poney to fell, it was a little dark brown poney, with shackled hams behind, very small, about eleven hands high.
How old was it?
About four years old; Bennett sold it to me, I think, the Friday before Easter; I saw him afterwards, the first day of Bow-fair; I was standing at Mile-end, I saw him go by with a number of people, in a cart, carrying them to the fair; I said, that is the little poney that I sold to the Cow-man, I have seen the poney since, and verily I believe it to be the same.
This poney was brought into my manor, I rent the manor of Little Ilford myself, I impounded that and three more together, I found it in my wheat-field, how it came there, I do not know.
How far is that from London?
About six miles.
