I lost the mat and three woollen blankets last Saturday week, the value was about twenty shillings. I delivered the mat with the blankets inclosed, to my porter to carry.
What is the name of your porter?
George Varney . He was to have carried them to Mr. Pitt and Chessey, Moorfields .
my good woman, what house do you live at?
I live in the Catherine Wheel-yard, Bishopsgate-street.
Then you gave this bundle to this porter; how do you know it was blankets?
My carrier told me they were blankets.
Is your carrier here now?
No.
is this Catherine Wheel your own house?
I have a little house in the yard.
How came they there?
They were sent there to be carried to Messrs. Pitt and Chessey; I am book-keeper, and I rent the little house; I am book-keeper to the carrier that delivered the goods to me.
Are you answerable for these goods?
I am, they were delivered to my charge; the carrier told me they were blankets and there was a little place unsecured where I could see they were blankets.
Whose servant are you?
I am a book-keeper to the carrier .
Do you live with any body else as a servant?
I keep a little house of my own.
Are you in the employment of the carrier or of the keeper of the inn?
Of the carrier, he lives at Huntingford.
I am porter ; I was employed by Mrs. Box; I work for her on Saturdays only, I was employed by her to take a mat and some baskets, I tied them up at my mistresses door.
Do you know what that mat was?
Not till such times as Mr. Armstrong told me.
What became of that mat?
I left it at the Magpie and Stump, in Bishopsgate-street; I left it there in the care of Mrs. Hoare, for the value of five minutes, while I went in and had part of a pint of beer.
When you came out again did you find your mat?
No, I did not, it was gone. When I came to the door I looked for my bundle, and I said, where is it? she said one of Mr. Taylor's men had it; I heard of it again in less than five minutes with the man that took it.
Of whom did you hear it?
Of Mrs. Hoare's servant; when I found my parcel was missing, I went to Mr. Taylor and told him of it, he is a master carman , the prisoner's master, I thought I should have got my property again by his speaking to the prisoner; I immediately made my complaint to Mr. Taylor; says he, you must go after him and get it if you can; says I, what am I to do if he will not give it me; says he, you must do as you will with him; then I immediately came out of the Magpie and Stump, and immediately followed as close as I could in pursuit to Mr. Taylor's yard, and I saw the prisoner, and I asked him for my bundle; he made me this reply; b-r your eyes I don't know whether it is your property or no; says I, if you do not give me my goods again I will fetch an officer; says he, b-r your bloody eyes where is your officer, and he would not deliver the property, and I went to the office in Hog-lane and fetched Mr. Harper and Armstrong into the yard, he was coming into the yard and the officer took hold of him and asked him where the property was that belonged to me; they asked were the goods were, and he said he did not know, and Mr Armstrong went and fetched and found the goods conveyed away into the stable, and they were brought out into the yard; I was in the yard.
Did you fee the property with the man when you asked him for it?
I did not.
Now, Mr. Varney, you are porter to the Catherine wheel, are not you?
I am.
You are entrusted to carry a great many goods from this place, you are a trusty and good servant, and never leave the goods out of your sight?
I never will any more.
What time was it?
Ten minutes after four, last Saturday week.
How far is the Magpie and Stump from the Catherine Wheel?
No great distance.
But you could not go far without wetting your whistle, and so you stopped at the Magpie.
When you went into the Magpie you left your bundle on the pavement?
No, it was under the window in the care of Mr. Hoare.
Now, Mr. Varney, how long did you stay in this public house?
Ten minutes.
On your oath did you stay no more than ten minutes?
It was not above a quarter of an hour.
How much did you drink there?
Only one pint.
Was any person in the public house; was Mr. Taylor the carrier in?
yes, and this prisoner was one; Mr. Taylor ordered him to go home.
Don't you know that Mr. Taylor and his men are constantly there as carmen and ply there?
They are.
Mr. Taylor told this man to go home?
He did.
And he went out in order to go home?
He did.
How was the bundle packed?
Tied tight in a little matted basket.
Why, did not you take it into the house with you?
It would be troublesome.
It would interrupt the pots of porter?
We had but one pint.
You said, first of all to my lord that you was in but five minutes?
After I had been in five minutes, Mr. Taylor told the man to go home.
When you came out of doors who did you see at the door?
Mrs. Hoare's servant.
Mrs. Hoare then was not there when you came out of doors and found the bundle gone. You began to be very uneasy about the bundle?
My mistress would look to me to make it good.
And the person told you who had it?
She did, the told me that he threw it into his cart and went towards Houndsditch.
After that, you heard whose cart it was?
I did.
Then you went in to Mr. Taylor, and told Mr. Taylor; Mr. Taylor said, you must go after him and get it to be sure?
But he would not deliver it when I went and asked him for it, he said, it was not mine.
And then he and you had a very pleasant conversation, in which many oaths passed?
I made none on my part.
You have been used to look at this place the Magpie very often?
No, not very often.
Don't carts stop there frequently; have not you seen tarpaulins and mats about there?
I never saw any there in my life.
I am an officer of the Police Office, Shoreditch. On Saturday, the 23d of November, I and Mr. Harper, were at the public house close to the office, the witness Varney, came there and told me that a man at Mr. Taylor's had got some mats, he believed they were, he produced me a letter which had no seal on it and I opened it, and I said, it contains some blankets I believe; I said, have you been to the man, yes, he said, and he will not let me have them; accordingly Mr. Harper and I went to the yard of Mr. Taylor, and the prisoner was not there then; after we had been there a few minutes and looked round at one side of the yard, the prisoner came in, and I said to him, where it this man's bundle? he took me directly to where it was, and said, he should have given it him before if he had known it had been his; I told him he should have given it him before, we must take him to the justice, we took him and this bundle as it is to the magistrate, and after the magistrate came to hear the case, we were bound over and these two women.
Is it not customary for these people to have a great qaantity of mats and things in their carts, in order to cover the things that they put in their carts?
As the bundle appeared I should have thought it had been mats; he gave Mr. Harper nor me any trouble nor a miss word.
My mistress left the bundle in the care of me till the man came out for it; I did not know who it belonged to, the man came and took it; I thought it belonged to him; a tall man in a smock frock, the prisoner.
You was left in care of this bundle when this man took it away, did you oppose his taking it at all?
I saw him taking it but I thought it belonged to him; he comes to the Magpie every day in his business.
Does he not take things perpetually into his cart, coming there as a carman?
No, I have never seen him.
How long have you been there?
I have been there above a month.
You knew whom he belonged to?
Yes, I knew he belonged to Mr. Taylor.
About a quarter after four George Varney came up and asked me to give an eye to his parcel, while he went into get a drop of porter; I told him I would, but I found he stayed, and I went home and left the parcel in the care of the girl, and and when I came back the girl said that the parcel was gone.
How long did you stay after this was put into your care?
I suppose I might be near a quarter of an hour.
You are there pretty constant?
I have set there about a twelvemonth. They keep their mats and things about there, and take them away sometimes when they go home, and their carts are often left at the door in my care.
Pray when they asked you who had taken the things did you tell them?
I did not know till they told me.
How long did you stay after your master had left you, before this porter came to you, and asked you who had taken the bundle?
About a quarter of an hour.
I know no more of it than going with Armstrong to apprehend the prisoner.
Can you swear that to be the parcel you delivered to your porter?
This is the parcel I suppose by being a mat; I did not take particular notice; my carrier told me they were blankets, and there was a skewer undone, and I saw they were blankets.
I can swear to the twine that is about them, one end is all pitched, and an eye at the other end of it.
I live with Mr. Taylor, I have been his carrier about three quarters of a year; I carry goods from the Magpie, I ply there; in carrying goods my master finds the tarpaulins, but we very often bring mats back again when we have delivered the goods; in such cases we carry them home if it is late at night till we can deliver them to the owner.
Are they not left from time to time at this magpie?
They are. I have known the prisoner five years, he bears a very good character.
