There were one hundred and forty rings of brass wire landed out of the London, Captain Frampton, on Iron-gate-wharf , the property of the prosecutor, and when came to load them away, we found thirteen rings wanting.
I was at Madam Lacey's Wharf; I work at the wharf where this wire was hid, and I saw this prisoner go away with one of the bundles of wire off the wharf, on Wednesday the 15th of June; I did not stop him, I have no suspicion he had stolen it, it was all over dirt, and I thought he went in doors on some other occasion; I went in about an hour and an half afterwards, and saw eight more rings hid there.
I saw the prisoner and another on the wharf, about six in the morning, they went away about eleven; I thought they were about no good. My master, Mr. Finnis, picked up eight rings of wire, between twelve and one of the same day, but I saw nothing more of the boy at that time. about eight the prisoner and the other lad came to see if the property was there; and the other boy gave the prisoner a check by the hand; I took them, and asked them what they had been looking for. I secured the prisoner about ten at night, at the Sun at St. Catharine's.
I loaded the wire on Tuesday, the 14th of June; one hundred and forty rings; and on the Wednesday I loaded sixty-three, and on the Friday following I loaded sixty-four; there I found thirteen wanting.
I work for Mr. Bodddington, the gentleman to whom the wire was consigned; I loaded the wire, it was the same sort of wire that was consigned to us.
I was on board of a ship that evening they say the robbery was done, I could have had witnesses; the Justice and this gentleman would have me fully committed that night; that morning we came for two casks of beef, and our boat lay a-ground, and we came up to this place, and got on the mud that night, which gave the people a suspicion of us; Finnis said at the Justice's, he was not sure that I was the person, till a runner spoke to him; and then he came directly, and said he could swear to me, and the Justice gave him his oath after; he said before he could not swear to me.
I never said any such thing, I am sure, to the prisoner; there was not another soul there; he tried to hide himself behind the cart, when he had the wire in his hand.
I was there; no such thing was said.
