I am a servant to Mr. James Vincent, he is a scale-maker . Between twelve and one, on Friday, the 19th of June, when I came home I found the shop surrounded with a number of people; I enquired what was the matter? they said they did not know. I went in doors and found the prisoner at the bar sitting on a stool; the apprentice, James Dudden , says, sir, this man has stole a seven pounds weight; Mr. Vincent was not in the way. This is a particular one that is kept for adjusting peoples weights about the town; the prisoner said, if I knew his situation I should give him a shilling and let him go; I told him that I should not let him, go, I should take him before a magistrate. I took him before the Lord Mayor.
I am apprentice to Mr. Vincent; James Atkins came, on Thursday, and gave an order for some scales, the 8th of June, and I wrote it down; he said they were not for himself, they were for a gentleman at Croydon, and he looked them out, and said, they would do, he was going to learn him the art of gingerbread baking, and he would bring him the next day to look at them. The next day he came again to know if this gentleman had been there to look at the scales, I told him no; he asked to wait till the gentleman came; I went to reach a pair of scales down and I happened to turn my back round, and I see him move his hand and took a seven pound weight off the board where I was, and put it into his basket; when he got the weight he said, I don't think that the gentleman means to come, I will go and get a glass of gin, he says, will you have one? I said, no, I have not had my dinner. With that he went to the door, and I said to my shopmates, that man has took a seven pound weight off the place that we use; and I ran after him, and told him he had got a seven pound weight; and he said, what weight? says I, that weight in your basket; and he opens his basket and says, take it again; I said, I will not touch it; and so the people round says, take him back, and so I took him back into the shop, and he put it down out of the basket on a bulk in the shop.
Did the other witness, Chancellor, see it there?
Yes.
Did you know that weight to be Mr. Vincent's weight?
Yes; I have had the use of it for six years; it is one that we keep for our own use to weigh the others by.
Where did he take it from?
From the vice board where I was at work.
Who did you give it to?
To the constable.
I am a journeyman to Mr. Vincent; I followed after James Dudden , to help him stop the prisoner.
Did you take him back into the house?
Yes, with the weight in the basket.
Was that the same weight that was afterwards seen Chandler?
Yes; he put it down himself in the shop; the constable had it afterwards.
I see a great quantity of people about Mr. Vincent's, I went in. and asked what was the matter, and they said the prisoner at the bar had stolen this weight.
Who gave you that weight?
Chandler gave it me.
Was the prisoner at that time in the shop?
Yes.
Have you kept it ever since?
Yes.
That is the weight, I have no doubt about it.
I have been in the habit of using it about twenty years.
I am a gingerbread baker by trade, through misfortunes in trade I have been obliged to leave my native place; coming along through Croydon I met a man who asked me what business I was? I told him; he said he was going to set up in that business, and if I would stop a bit he would give me employ, and he asked me if I was coming to London? I said, I was; he said, he should be at a public house in Thames-street the next day, and if he and I could agree he would put something into my pocket, being greatly distressed I had nothing to subsist upon for two days, but two rolls, which were given me by two bakers, and that induced me to do that rash action; I knew if I had engaged with that man, I should want scales and weights.
