I am a clerk to Messrs. Broom and Kinicher, the defendant was a client of theirs, I attended him to the Commons about June last.
For what purpose did you attend this gentleman to the Commons?
I went to Mr. Beard to prove the will, under which he claimed.
Did you prove the will?
I believe he did, I do not recollect going to the office proving it myself, but I saw the will at the office, we had the probate sent to us afterwards.
When was it?
In June last, I don't exactly recollect the day.
I am a clerk to the Perogative office, of the Archbishop of Canterbury; I produce the will in question.
Was you present when it was produced?
I was not.
You do not know who brought that will to the office?
The proctor brought it into the public office, I don't know who brought it to me.
Do you know the person that he brought with him?
I do not.
Did you write the jurat on that will?
The jurat is written by myself, and signed by myself, it was regularly proved as a matter of common course.
When you write that jurat, do you do it in the presence of the person who brings it?
Sometimes we do, and sometimes we do not, but in this instance I did, because I remember Mr. Adams coming into the office.
Do you remember of whom you received that paper?
Of Mr. Beard, in order to get the parties sworn.
Do you know the person that applied to be sworn as executor?
I do not positively know the man, he presented himself to me as John Innis.
Was you present at the probate?
Should you know him if you saw him?
I have given a testimony that I had a saint recollection of him at the time I saw him at Bow-street, but I cannot say he is positively the man.
What is your belief?
My belief is, I think I have enough to satisfy my conscience that I had a saint recollection of him at the time, and I do believe the prisoner is the man; but I had not seen him before nor since, till I see him before the magistrate.
I believe you are actuary at the insurance office for lives, at Black Friar's-bridge?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
How do you know that?
By the policy and minute of receiving of the money, I have a policy here on the life of Jane Innis, dated the 28th of April 1791.
Who is the person insuring?
Was the money paid on that policy?
Yes.
Who paid the premium?
Do you know who that money was paid to personally?
No.
Did you pay the money with your own hands?
No, I gave it to Mr. Cooper, the assistant actuary.
Did you pay the money on this insurance, that Mr. Morgan has been speaking of?
No, I did not.
Do you know the person of the prisoner?
No, I cannot swear to him, I have seen him before at the office, making two assurances, of a thousand pounds each, on the lives of two of his daughters; that is the man to the best of my knowledge.
When abouts was this?
On the 23d of April 1791.
Then the assurance was compleated about the two girls?
Yes.
Do you remember any application being made by him or any body else for a forfeited assurance?
I know money was paid from the books to one of them, but I don't know to whom.
Did not you see the man that came forward?
I never saw the man come into the court room.
Who are the gentlemen concerned in this assurance office?
Who are the others?
I think Deputy Smith, Mr. Alderman Sainsbury, and Mr. Saxbury.
Whose signatures are to the policy to June?
That was deposited in your hands as an attorney?
It was.
And on no other account?
No.
Who were the trustees in June last?
How many gentlemen generally sign a policy?
At the time that policy was issued three gentlemen signed it.
Is that usual for three or more to sign it?
I am solicitor for Sir Charles Morgan and Mr. Alderman Wright.
Is the prisoner at the bar the person who was the plaintiss of that transaction?
He was the person that appeared in court, that I understood as the plaintiff of this suit.
In what manner did he appear to be the plaintiff in court?
I never saw him till he came into court, but I saw a man there that I understood to be that man there; I saw him in court, and I understood from the counsel and conversation, that he was the plaintiff.
Did you understand that from himself?
I had no conversation with him.
Did any thing arise from himself that you had knowledge that he was the plaintiff?
I saw him speak to several people in court, but what he said I do not know, I think I see him speak to some of his own witnesses, but I am not sure.
Can you say that you saw him speak to the counsel?
I cannot say I did.
Was the prisoner at the bar the plaintiff in that transaction?
He was. I was in court when Lord Kenyon committed him. He appeared in court as the plaintiff.
You was in court the time of the first trial in June?
I was.
Do you remember a man being called up to answer to the signature o Gardiner?
I do.
That man was examined?
It was.
The trial was put off at that time?
It was.
Then you was on the trial on the ninth of December when it came on again?
I was.
Was Gardiner examined then?
He was.
Was the original will then called for?
It was.
Was it produced?
A paper, which I supposed to be the original will, was produced by an officer of Doctor's Commons.
Look at that will?
I believe this to be the will in court.
Was that the will that was produced the ninth of December in the court of King's Bench?
This is the very will.
Do you remember that man being called upon to spell his name?
I do.
The prisoner was then in court?
I will not be sure whether Innis was in court at that time.
Do you know whether Mr. Innis was in court at that time?
I believe he was not.
Do you remember Mr. Bray, any person being called to answer to the name of the subscribing witness, Wood?
Yes.
Who came forward under that name?
The first time that John Wood was called for he did not appear, then some other witness was called by the plaintiff; then John Wood was called again, and then a man came into court.
Should you know that man was you to see him?
Yes, I have seen him several times since.
What name does he go by now?
You, I suppose, have made all possible enquires about the persons whose names are used in this will?
I did write to Glasgow to enquire after Bowman.
Is your name John Borthwick?
No, my name is John Wood.
Have you seen the man that you know went by the name of John Borthwick?
You have been before a Grand Jury?
Yes.
By what name?
By the name of Borthwick.
Did you appear at Westminster on the ninth of December?
Yes.
By what name did you appear there?
Borthwick.
Twenty-one.
Have you seen him? did he come here with you?
Yes.
I do not know any such man.
He was a captain of a vessel.
Where did he fail from?
I don't know.
Do you know what was the place of his birth, or where he resided?
I did not know much of him, the gentleman that I was with knew him very well, Doctor Dignum, of Manchester.
What business are you of?
I sell medicines; I sold medicines for Doctor Dignum.
How old are you?
Thirty-one.
Where do you reside now at this time?
I have no constant residence at all.
Where did you reside last year?
I was only travelling then.
For these eight years past where have you resided?
I was travelling.
What led you to Glasgow twelve years ago?
Doctor Dignum went there and I went with him.
You did not know much of this Bowman yourself?
No, I did not.
How came it that you was called upon to testify the will, or any such thing?
Because Mr. Innis's name was called in question.
Did you know anything of Innis?
I did know him.
Was he resrding at Glasgow?
No.
Did you know him at that time?
I knew him.
Where did he reside at that time?
He was a travelling man, and dealt in medicines.
Then you don't know where his abode was, was it fixed?
No.
Did you know any part of his family? are not you some relation of his?
He is only an uncle by law of mine.
Do you happen to know any thing of his family?
Nothing at all.
Then this, Mr. Bowman, you knew very little of?
Where is Doctor Dignum now?
At Manchester.
You say that that paper was signed by you twelve years ago, at the Briggate, in Glasgow?
It was.
How came you to use the name of John Wood then?
Because my name is Wood, and not Borthwick.
Your name is Wood, is that the name that you have passed by from your youth?
Yes.
How long have you changed your name from Wood to Borthwick?
Ever since May.
What christian name?
Mr. Borthwick, you remember what you said in the court of King's Bench?
Yes.
Was any will put into your hands in the court of King's Bench?
Yes.
Look at that will?
This is the will, I signed it at Glasgow twelve years ago.
Was that what you said in the court of King's Bench?
No.
You are a married man, are not you?
I was.
Is your wife alive now?
No.
How long has she been dead?
Four years.
Do you know any thing of Mr. Innis the prisoner?
Yes.
Where did he live?
At Bedford.
Where did he live about November or December 1792?
I don't know, he came backwards and forwards to No. 2, Maze Pond, in the Borough.
You have seen him at that house?
I have.
Did you see him, or do you know in what manner that he was there about November or December?
I see him in May.
I ask you whether you saw him in the month of November or December 1792?
No, I did not then.
In the October or September before that?
No, sir.
Or after that?
No, I have not seen him since May or not before; that was the first time I saw him, in the year 1792.
At that time he lived in that place in the Borough?
I don't know he lived there, but I see him there.
Now look at the other signature of that will, the name of Thomas Gardiner? do you know any thing of that name being signed, and at what time it was signed?
There was an elderly man wrote the name of Thomas Gardiner, after I wrote mine in the briggate, Glasgow, twelve years ago.
You have a relation of the name of Borthwick, have not you?
Yes, a brother-in-law.
Where does he live?
He did live along with me and my sister in Drury-lane.
Did he ever live with the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Was that in the Borough?
Yes, I believe he did, live there, either at No. 2, Maze-pond, or at a public house, I am not certain which.
Do you know whether he lived with the prisoner at the bar?
He lived with him some years.
Then your name is Wood, what relation is Thomas Borthwick to you?
I live in Maze-pond, Southwark, I have lived there for some years (I am a schoolmaster,) in the course of that business I have a great many petitions, and things of that kind brought to write; this will is my hand writing, I can have no doubt; I think, as near as I can recollect, I wrote it in the latter end of the year 1791.
Can you take on yourself to swear that it has not been wrote four years back?
I cannot take on myself to say to a month or two, but to the best of my recollection this is a transcript of a paper which was brought to me to copy, about that time, some time in the latter end of the year 1792, I had a paper to write this from, a person brought a paper for me to copy, and he was to have it in such a time.
What was you paid for the copying of it?
About two shillings; no more than for my honest labour.
Do you know the person that brought it?
I believe I should know him if I was to see him.
Can you take on yourself to say that will is your hand writing?
I think it is my hand writing, but I think also that I could not copy two sides of a paper without likewise knowing something of its purport.
Let the witness see Thomas Borthwick?
This is the very person that brought the officers to me, when I was taken to Bow-street, and this is the very person that brought the paper to copy, I have not a doubt of it in my own mind, the least in the world. This will is from a paper that I absolutely copied, and it is my hand writing.
The paper that was brought to you, you copied correctly?
I did, as correctly as any man could, I believe.
That young man, Thomas Borthwick, was the young man that brought the officers from Bow-street, in order to carry you before the magistrate?
He was, and I believe he was the man that brought the will to copy.
What was the officers brought to you from Bow-street for?
He came to setch me by an order of Lord Kenyon; I believe it was when this thing came out at the King's Bench; I was taken up to Bow-street as the copier of the will; when the officer came to me I knew nothing of the parties, I was excessive ill, the officer asked me if I remembered such and such a time, having wrote such a writing? I said, yes, perfectly well, and he said then that the whole had turned out a very bad piece of business; I said the parties are utter strangers to me; I was paid for my honest labour, and no more than I ought to have been.
What is the officer's name that came for you?
Townsend.
Mr. Price, the solicitor of the court, said that I should be paid for my time, and I have been all this time in Prison, and he gave me only fifteen shillings, and he has given my brother-in-law a guinea a week.
Where do you live now?
I just came from Tothill-fields.
Where did you live before you was sent there?
No. 62, Drury-lane.
The prisoner at the bar is a relation of your's?
He is, he is an uncle.
You lived with him in the Borough?
I did, about November, or December 1792.
What relation is John Borthwick to you?
A brother-in-law, he lives in Drury-lane.
Did you see him at different times at your master's house?
Yes, I have seen him at different times.
Do you know Mr. Garrett, the last witness?
No, I do not.
You don't know him?
I do not.
Did you go to his house with any officer?
The officer took me, I told them at Bow-street, that I did not know the house where I took the paper to. In the year 1792, I lived along with Mr. Innis, as his servant; one day Mr. Innis came to me and said, that I must write a copy of a will for him, accordingly I did, he was not satisfied with my doing it, he said I must take it to a schoolmaster, as he wished to have a good copy of it; I took it to a school-master in the Maze, and agreed to give him two shillings for the copying of it, and afterwards I had it again from the schoolmaster, and gave it to Mr. Innis. I wrote it first from an original one.
Did you ever see Mr. Innis do any thing with it afterwards?
No, I see that on the will that I brought home, I see a little boy write the name of Thomas Gardiner.
To that will that you brought and delivered to Mr. Innis, you see the little boy write something; what was it?
It was Gardiner, I think, Thomas.
Do you know that boy's writing?
I cannot pretend to swear to it.
Have you seen him write often?
I have seen him write sometimes.
Shew him that will?
Did you ever carry more than one?
No more than one.
At the time you saw the little boy writing something, did you know the name of Andrew Bowman? was the name Andrew Bowman to the paper?
I cannot particularly say, whether it was, or was not.
Who was present at the time the boy wrote the name of Gardiner?
I cannot say who were present, there was some person present.
Recollect?
I cannot charge my memory.
When was it?
About November 1792.
Do you recollect who was there at the time that this little boy signed Thomas Gardiner? was your brother there?
I cannot tell whether he was or not, I cannot charge my memory with it, I think he was not, I cannot be positive.
Can you swear that he was not there to your knowledge?
I cannot say he was or was not.
Was his wife there? Was there any woman with him besides Susannah?
I do not recollect any of them were there.
Was Innis there?
I know he was there at the time, I gave him the will, but I cannot say he was there at the time the boy wrote the name.
Was John Borthwick's wife there?
No, I do not recollect her.
Was not his wife there?
He has never a wife as I know of, he has a woman that lives with him, but he has no wife.
Was the woman that passed as his wife there at that time?
I cannot charge my memory, I do not make a minute of things.
I will not.
What do you believe about it, either one way or the other?
I cannot say which way to believe.
Will you swear that you believe she was not there?
I cannot pretend to charge my memory so far as that there.
This woman lives your brother about that time, and passed as his wife?
Yes.
Have you the book of the assurance office?
I have that wherein is set down the entry of these policies.
Look to the entry of that policy of Elizabeth?
The certificate of the death, on which that demand was made for the payment of the money, when was it given to you?
The certificate, to the best of my recollection, was given to Mr. Bray.
What is become of the certificate?
I believe it is lost; the certificate purported that Elizabeth died the 25th of April 1791, some time in the month of April, to the best of my recollection, it was the 25th.
I believe they cannot demand the money if they die within the first year?
Yes, for six months.
That is at the option of the proprietors?
They do it on discount.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner Innis?
I have some recollection.
Yes, she went to school at Wolverhampton, in Staffordshire, when I knew her.
Where did she live in 1791?
I don't know I am sure.
Did you live with your master 1791?
I came to him just the beginning 1792.
She died in Bedford, I believe so.
Do you know when?
No, I do not, I am sure.
Ask him if that is the real will that he caused to be wrote.
He says he thinks not.
This Elizabeth was my daughter, she was insured at the insurance office, and she died very suddenly after; after that my other daughter died, and I had the money, and I did not know that I was entitled to the first money, till I was told of it; so as I thought I was entitled to it, I would have it, so as I pursued after the money, and this witness of mine, he had a little bit of ill will; I am sure that it was done out of spite, and they think that I have a great deal of money, and they wish to knock me off, to have it.
I live in Billiter-lane, I am a carpenter by trade, I have lived five years in this town.
Did you ever live at Edinburgh?
About five years, I knew the prisoner, Innis at Edinburgh, he lived at Cannongate, at Edinburgh, I was intimate with him.
Yes.
Where did Mr. Bowman live?
He lodged at the house of a Mr. Boyd, at Leekes, when I knew him, he was a captain of a vessel.
Where did he trade to?
I cannot possibly say.
You don't know where he traded to?
I do not.
Was you in South Carolina in the year 1778 or 1779?
Yes, I was at Charles Town, I was there till the year 1783, the latter end when I came away.
Did you see the captain, Andrew Bowman there?
Yes, I did.
Yes, I did.
What time?
Where did you see him?
I see him at a public house in Bread-street.
Are you sure that it was Captain Bowman?
I am positive.
Do you know when he died?
Did he return again with some trading vessel in the year eighty-three?
Yes.
Now then do you know whether he died in that year or not?
He did, I am sure.
What reason have you to know that he died there?
I called at the public house and asked for him, and the landlord gave me information that he was dead.
Was you very intimate with him?
Yes.
Have you seen him write often?
No, I don't know that ever I did. I have seen him often.
Did you ever see him write?
No, I never did see him write to the best of my recollection.
Was you particularly acquainted with Innis's family?
I was acquainted with Innis himself in Edinburgh.
Did you come immediately from Edinburgh when you came to town?
Yes.
About what time did you know Innis in Edinburgh?
In the year seventy-six and seventy-five, I knew Innis there.
What way of life was Mr. Innis in?
He was in the chemical line, I have been told.
Did not he travel about the country?
I believe he did.
Had he any fixed residence at the time you knew him?
Yes, he had then.
How long ago is that?
About seven years ago.
Was he in Scotland seven years ago?
Yes. he was.
Will you take on yourself to swear that he stayed in Scotland for a twelve month, seven years ago?
He had a room, I cannot say he had a house, but he had a place of abode that he frequented.
Was his family with him?
I think his family were with him, but I am not certain.
Seven years ago, had he his daughter living with him in Edinburgh at that time?
I cannot say that.
You knew him intimately?
Yes.
And yet not know his family?
I have seen a wife there and children about, and I have seen children in the house.
Seven years ago, children of what age?
I see a girl about twenty or twenty-two, whether she was a servant girl or his daughter, I never enquired of him.
What do you mean to say that you don't know whether this girl of twenty-two was his servant or not?
Mr. Innis being in a public line of business, I was a patient of his sometime; I made but a very short stay at his house; I had no occasion to enquire after his family, or any thing of that kind.
Then you know nothing more of him then what merely arose from his occupation?
No.
Then in truth you don't know whether he had any family living with him in Edinburgh or not?
I have seen several people about his house, but whether it was his family or not? - I cannot sell.
How long was you his patient?
About six weeks.
Had you any other connection on north with him than being his patient for six weeks?
No, I had not, I knew very little about him or his family.
Did you know any thing of him when he lived at Bedford?
Nothing at all.
Do you know any thing of his daughter or sons that he might have living or not?
Not at all.
Do you know any thing about his daughter dying?
I heard of one dying at Bedford.
Who have you heard it of?
I have heard it of different people, of Mr. Innis's acquaintance.
Who are they?
I have heard it from himself and from different people.
From himself first, when was that?
Upwards of half a year ago.
Where was it you heard him say any thing about this?
In his own lodging, then in Leadenhall-street.
What did he say about his daughter at that time?
He told me of his misfortune of the death of his girl and what not; I did not enquire into the situation of his family.
Of what girl was this that he spoke?
Of that girl that died, that he lost at Bedford, a daughter of Mr. Innis's.
How came he to tell you any thing about it?
My being an acquaintance of him at Edinburgh.
How came he to know any thing of your being in town?
I see him in town, promiscuously walking in town, and asked him where he lodged, and he told me, and I went and called on him.
You never knew any thing about his daughter of whom he chose to tell you something unfortunate yourself?
No.
Did you know any thing of this man when he lived in Southwark?
Yes, when he lived in the Southward.
In Southwark, in the Borough?
No. I did not.
Do you know any thing of Borthwick?
No, I do not indeed at all.
Was you ever in Glasgow, in you life?
Yes, I have been in Glasgow.
Stayed there any time?
very short time, about two weeks.
So then you knew a man of the name of Bowman, living in Edinburgh. What acquaintance had you with him?
I saw him at the house of Mr. Boyd, about seven years ago, I first knew him there.
Did you know much of him there?
I was not particularly acquainted with him, it did not lay in my line of business to be acquainted with such a gentleman as Mr. Bowman was.
You never saw him write?
I never saw him write.
Do you know Mr. Pulley, a proctor?
I do not indeed, I know nothing of him, I never see him to my knowledge in my life.
Then you never told him that you had no knowledge of the Death of Bowman?
I never told him any thing of it in my life, nor ever spoke to the gentleman to my knowledge.
Did I understand you right that you first became acquainted with Mr. Innis in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six?
Yes.
Do you know whether Mr. Innis and Bowman were acquainted together?
I believe they were related; I think I see Mr. Bowman once in the house with Mr. Innis.
Did you ever belong to the eighth regiment of foot?
Yes.
Where was the regiment in the year 1782?
Did you work in Charles Town for any body?
Yes, for Mr. Chambers, a tin man.
Do you remember being acquainted with a person of the name of Bowman?
Yes.
What was Bowman?
A captain of a vessel.
Did you do any work on board that vessel for him?
No.
Did you do any work for Bowman at Mr. Chambers's?
Yes, I had a copper belonging to the ship to tin there.
Did you see captain Bowman coming there?
Yes.
When was this?
In the year eighty-two.
Yes.
In what year was that?
In the year eighty-three.
Do you know whether captain Bowman went away and left Charles Town after you mended the copper?
I was informed, by the master, that he went a voyage.
Did he return?
Yes; and died there in the year eighty-three.
I belong to the New-river Company.
Was you in Leeke, in Scotland, in the year seventy-one?
Yes.
During that time did you know a person of the name of captain Bowman?
Yes, he belonged to a vessel.
Where did he lodge?
At Mr. Innis's, the sign of the Red Lion, at Leeke.
Innis was an inn-keeper?
Yes, he kept a public house.
He had no other way of living then?
No other that I know of.
I know him.
What is his real name?
Wood.
Do you know his father and mother?
Yes, his father was a soldier, and his mother lived in Cannongate, Edinburgh, and sold things.
Do you know the birth of this boy?
Yes, I think I can come pretty near about it, his father and his mother's name
was Wood, and he went by the name of John Wood.
Do you know him by the name of Borthwick?
He has called himself so since he came from the country to the prison.
What he never went by that name before?
I cannot tell.
Don't you know whether he passed by the name of Borthwick before he went to prison?
Never that I knew him.
Do you know his brother-in-law, Thomas?
Yes, I know him very well.
Doth he take the name of Wood or Borthwick?
Borthwick.
How came John to take the name of Borthwick?
I cannot tell your lordship that.
Your name is Douglas, now are you any way related to the prisoner at the bar?
No.
What was you maiden name?
Innis, only a name sake, and by blood and clan, we are all brothers and sisters from Adam.
I live in Green Arbour-court, in the Old-bailey.
Did you know his mother in Edinburgh?
I did.
How many years do you remember him in Edinburgh?
Till he was about nine years of age.
What name did he go by?
What aged man was the person that appeared as Gardiner?
An elderly person; by his appearance I should think him sixty years of age.
I had not a son about ten years of age at that time; I have no son but what is twenty-two. The attorney can shew a letter that I received the twelve hundred pounds, and they have spite and malice against me, and in ten minutes time I could send over for a person that would prove that they said, they would spite me, one way or the other.
