I am foreman to John Field the elder, John Field the younger, and Robert Labron : the prisoner had been their foreman four months: the prisoner was very urgent not to go out; he wished another porter to go out; he came back much sooner than I expected; I watched him; he lodged in King's-head-court, Pudding-lane: between six and seven o'clock on Monday evening, in about ten minutes, he came out with a bag on his shoulder and a bundle in his hand; I followed after him immediately into Cannon-street, through Crooked-lane; he rested at London-stone sometime; I was joined by young Mr. Field; he went to the bottom of Fleet-market; he got into the middle of the way, and turned, and looked about him, and called a coach, and put his bundles and what he had on his shoulder into the coach; I opened the door, and said, Samuel, I shall take a ride with you, I charge you with felony; I took him to Sir James Sanderson ; he delivered the key of his box to the officer; I did not go to his lodging; the things he had with him are here; this bag is the property of the prosecutors; as to the beans, one bean may be like another; I measured over the beans; we had four bushels of that sort just come in; and I found them deficient by the quantity contained in the bag; I know the bag by being torn in the seam; I have mended it myself; the handkerchief contains some white kidney beans; I knew they were his lodgings; none of those four bushels had been sold.
I was present when the prisoner was examined before the alderman; I examined the prisoner's box, and found some bags; he lodges in my house.
Schoen, prisoner's counsel, to Martin. I presume such bags as those may come to other people's houses as well as to yours?
Certainly.
By what marks do you know them to belong to Mr. Field?
I am certain by the No. 4. I found that bag in his box.
There were some bags brought to the George and Gate to be sent to Croydon, but I cannot swear that the prisoner brought them.
I know nothing of this matter but what was told me in confidence by the prisoner.
I went to Croydon with Martin; we had a search warrant, to search Burnet's house.
