I lost three cotton shawls, and two silk handkerchiefs; I am a haberdasher , in Russel-court, Drury-lane.
How old are you?
I am just turned thirteen.
Do you know what will become of you, if you take a false oath?
I cannot think of ever prospering, if I take a false oath.
Do you know nothing more than that; do you know what will become of you, if you take a false oath?
I shall go to the devil. I saw the woman take the things; it was on Friday, the 6th of January, about a quarter before six in the evening; Mrs. Detcry gave me the things, and I took them in my lap; she gave me the things to go with the prisoner; she took them as far as the rope-walk, Queen Anne-street East , and she took the things from me; she took them out of my lap; she said, if her uncle was within, I should go in with her; but, if not, she would call she in in a minute; so she left me just by a publick-house, and then she ran off.
Did she shew you the door that was her uncle's?
No, she did not, nor knock at any door in my presence, but went off rather quick; she did not come back at all; the three shawls have been recovered, but not the handkerchiefs.
I am shop-woman; I shewed the goods myself; she desired some shawls, and some silk handkerchiefs, for her mistress; I thought it was for somebody in the neighbourhood; she did not say where she lived; I sent the little girl with her, as I had nobody else to send, and she desired they might be sent: I saw three shawls in about two hours afterwards; they were brought back by the pawnbroker and constable.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce a shawl I took in of the prisoner at the bar; I stopt her at the time; she came in with one at first, and asked 8 s. upon it; I asked her if it was her own; she said it was; I asked her if she was sure of it; she said she would go and fetch the girl they belonged to, and ran out of the shop, and threw down two behind her, and the young man in the shop stopt her just at the door; I live in Tottenham-court road; this happened between six and seven o'clock last Friday; she confessed they belonged to Mr. Cosmo.
I took her into custody.
The girl gave me the things, and after I came out she was gone.
