I am a warehouseman , in Bow-church-yard , in partnership with John Wilson; we have missed some articles, particularly some jean, which we cannot speak to; they were taken from our house in Bow-church-yard.
I am a pawnbroker, I know the prisoner at the bar: On the 23d of March, in the evening, he came to our house, and offered to pledge a piece of white dimity; I asked him whose it was? he said, it was his own; I asked him how he came to buy so much? he said, he was a carpenter, and he and his two fellow-servants bought it to line some waistcoats; he said, it cost a shilling a yard, I knew it was under the value, and I told him I thought he did not come honestly by it; he said he bought it in Cloth-Fair, and he ran away, and we called out \"stop thief;\" and, at the bottom of Basinghall-street, he was stopped by a constable; he was taken to the watch-house, and some porters there knew him to be Mr. Parkinson's man; he had been at our house before that.
Did he give any account of the goods when he was examined?
He was examined at the watch-house, but I cannot speak to what passed there, I was so much flurried.
I am servant to the last witness, I know the prisoner at the bar: On the 12th of February he came to our house with a piece of printed jean, which he pledged for seven shillings and sixpence; (produces it) On the 12th of March he pledged a remnant for five shillings; (produces it) and, on the 22d, he came with a piece of dimity, when he was stopped.
I am a constable: On Tuesday, the 22d of March, in the evening, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and Mr. Crouch gave charge of him, on suspicion of having some stolen property; that he had brought some to his house, and ran away upon being questioned. I searched him, and found nothing but a small key; I found that he lived with Mr. Parkinson and Wilson, in Bow-church-yard; I sent for them, and they said he was their servant; and from thence we went to Mr. Crouch's, there we saw some goods, which he said he believed was his; we went to his lodgings, and, with the key which I took out of his pocket, his wife opened his box; and, in that, I found three duplicates, one dated the 12th of March, for a piece of jean; another of some cotton, pledged at Mr. Purse's, London-wall; we went to Mr. Purse's, and Mr. Wakefield said, we should have the goods produced to us; Mr. Parkinson said, it was his; and Mr. Walkefield immediately said, the same man has been here to night with some jean; when I came back to the watch-house, I asked him how he came by the jean? he said, he had it at his master's warehouse.
Did you say any thing to him to induce him to confess it?
No; I asked him if that was all he had? he said no, he had the whole piece, that he had cut in his master's warehouse; I asked him, as he had pawned only three yards and an half, at Mr. Crouch's, what he had done with the rest? he said he had given it to a man in Bow-church-yard.
I am servant to Mr. Purse, I know the prisoner; I received this piece of White dimity from him; it has been in the constable's possession ever since, but I put my mark upon it; it was pledged in the name of Thomas Roberts , I can swear to the prisoner; it was the same evening that Mr. Parkinson made application to me.
This piece of printed dimity I can swear to, by my own private mark; I cannot swear to the others, I believe my clerk can.
I am clerk to Mr. Parkinson; this piece of printed dimity I perfectly well know; the mark of this piece of printed dimity, (another,) I can swear to, it has my mark upon it.
