What relation are you to Benjamin Skeele ?
The wife.
Where do you live?
Great St. Martin's .
Did you lose a shawl at any time?
Yes, some time in February, a buff coloured shawl, with a kind of black leaf on it, out of my drawer in the parlour; I pulled it off my neck on Tuesday morning, and on the following Friday I went to wash it, and it was gone.
Did you ever have it again?
No, I have seen it at the pawnbroker's since, last week.
I have got the shawl (Produced.) It was taken in on the 12th of February on pledge, of whom I really cannot tell, I believe it was taken in by me, but I have two young men that write tickets, and it is one of them that wrote the ticket.
I know it by the particular dirt I made in it when I left it off, and by my suckling my child when I had it on, because it is dirted with it, it is not marked.
Did you know the prisoner before?
I knew her by coming sometimes to my shop, the had lived sometime before with a woman in the kitchen out of place, in the same house where I live.
Did the live there then?
No, the woman was gone away as well as herself. I left her in the room, when I missed my shawl; she called in one morning for something the wanted in the shop; it was before I missed my shawl that the was in my apartment; I left her in the parlour about ten minutes, rocking of my child, I went into the shop to serve some people; whether it was Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday I don't know.
I went and took the prisoner, and I searched her, and I found a number of duplicates, and among the rest there was this for a shawl, and Mrs. Skeele went to the pawnbroker's, and said, it was her's; I went after her about another affairs; when I went to the closet to take hold of the little cannister, the flew at me, and tried to get it out of my hand, and said the wanted some snuff, and when I opened it it was full of duplicates.
I made the shawl for Jane Skeel, I made one part with buss silk, and part with white thread.
The shawl that I am accused with I bought at the end of New-street, I gave five shillings and sixpence for it.
Have you any body to prove that you did buy it?
I have nobody, I have been confined.
