Are you a widow?
Yes. By your leave I must beg to recommend the prisoner to the mercy of the court.
Stop, we don't know whether he is guilty yet. Where do you live?
In Whitecross-street .
Do you keep a shop there?
Yes, a clothes shop.
What time was it you lost your property, these velveret breeches?
I believe it was on the 5th of this month; Monday sevenight.
Was you in the shop at the time?
Yes, I shewed the prisoner some breeches.
How many pair did you sell him?
None. I shewed him some.
Was there any body in the shop besides you and the prisoner?
Yes, a child was in the shop, who is the chief evidence. I did not see him take the breeches then, but I suspected he had taken them, and I sent the child after him.
Did you give any alarm?
Yes, I sent my grand child after him; there was an alarm given.
Was he brought back?
Yes, I see him in about ten minutes after he went out, or thereabouts; or it may be twelve minutes.
Were the breeches brought back at the same time?
They were picked up in the street before the prisoner came back, my grandson picked them up.
Have you been sworn?
Yes.
How old are you?
Twelve years old the 18th of this month.
What will become of you if you swear that that is false?
Go to the naughty man.
Look at the prisoner and see if ever you knew him before?
Yes, he came down to my grandmother's the 5th of January, Monday, about half after six in the evening; I stood by the prisoner in the shop, and when he went out my grandmother said she had missed two pair of breeches.
Did you see him come into the shop?
Yes.
What did he do when he came into the shop?
He cheapened some breeches.
What did you do on her missing some breeches? did you go out after him?
Yes, she bid me, and when I went out I see him drop a pair of breeches on the pavement next door; he ran up the street, and I called out stop thief, and he turned up a gateway; I went to the bottom of the gateway and called out stop thief, and see him standing against the wall a little farther up, and he came down and said, what! what! and he ran into the road and I ran after him, and my mamma stood on the pavement and said, which is the man? and I said, that is the man; and she ran after him, and me too, but I soon turned back and went up the alley, and in the alley picked up a pair of breeches.
Was it in the alley where the prisoner had been?
Yes.
You did not see him throw down those in the alley?
No.
As to the other pair of breeches that you see him throw down what became of them?
I only see that one pair fall in the street.
There was one pair dropped in the alley; you did not see him drop them; then I think you said, he dropped a pair by the door?
He did, but he picked them up, and ran further on with them. Presently after I had picked up the first pair, I was sent of an errand, and in passing by I see something lay white against the wall, and I went up and found it was another pair of breeches in the same alley.
What was done with these two pair of breeches?
I brought them home, I gave them to my grandmamma.
What became of the man, did you see him stopped in the street?
He kept running on, one Mr. Merchant ran after him, and followed him, and I went home with the breeches.
During all the time that this man run, did you lose fight of him till Mr. Merchant followed him?
Yes, just when he turned the corner of the gateway, I did not see him till I got to the bottom of the alley.
Look at the man; did you see his face at any time?
Yes.
Are you prefectly sure that is the man that had the breeches on him?
Yes, I am sure of that.
How soon did you see him after he was taken; after you see him with the breeches?
About ten minutes; but first I was sent into Grub-street, before I see him at my grandmother's house he was at a shoemaker's shop in Grub-street, he went in to cheapen some shoes.
I fell coals just by Mrs. Ballard's. I was standing at my own door that night, and heard this little boy crying stop thief; this prisoner was running along the middle of the road, I followed him along Whitecross-street, till he turned up Chifwell-street, and then he walked leisurely, and I walked after him, he ran but a very little way; he turned down Grub-street, and I followed him about a quarter the length of the street, some way down, and he crossed over, and he went to look in at a window where they sell shoes, and he went in there and began to cheapen some shoes, and I went to Mr. Davis, a constable, and acquainted him that he had certainly done something that he should not do at Mrs. Ballard's, because they cried out stop thief; but he said I must go and fetch the prosecutrix, and I went and fetched them, and this little boy, and he said he was the man. I left him in the shop while I went to the constable; all I know is, that he was the person that ran up the road at the cry of stop thief.
I am a constable. I produce two pair of breeches, I got them from the prosecutrix before the justice; I had got the charge of the prisoner, I have had them ever since. (Produced.)
to Bird. Are these the two pair of breeches that you carried home and gave to your grandmother?
Yes.
Were they of that colour?
Yes.
Were they in a part of the alley where the prisoner had been?
Yes, where he stood.
They are my breeches, I missed them from the counter.
Were they on the counter when the prisoner was there?
Yes.
Were they the very breeches he cheapened?
Yes, the same.
How many might be on the counter more than these two pair?
There were four or five pair.
I was going up to my sister's, through Whitecross-street, to let them know my wife was very bad in bed; with that there I was coming along Whitecross-street, and there came a man just as I got about the middle of the way, running along, and had liked to have pushed me into the kennel, with that I steps out into the highway, and walks on (my sister lives in Grub-street, up a turning) and I went to Grub-street, and this man came and followed me into a shop, where I was cheapening a pair of shoes; he came in with a woman and this lad, and she said, it was a lustier man than I; and the constable says, please you, will you go with me to the shop? says I, where is it; says he, in Whitecross-street; says I, I will with all my heart. The young body would have let me gone about my business, though I was willing to go back to the shop; I have gentlemen to prove my character, that I never was before a justice in my life, nor ever wronged any body of a farthing. The man came running against me and pushed me down almost, and I went out into the highway.
