I am a butcher at Highgate, I lent my horse to Edward Lucas on the 29 of March, and he was desired to put it up at the widow Lucas's, St. John's-street, till I sent for it; I lent it to him on Thursday; the Saturday following I saw my horse at Highgate, and Arrowsmith upon him; I detained the horse and Arrowsmith; he was taken to the office at Shadwell; he immediately gave an account of whom he purchased the horse, and in consequence of this information, Clewes was apprehended; it was Mr. Dodd's horse, but if I had lost it I must have paid for it; the horse had been in my custody about six weeks; I am sure it was Dodd's horse; he is a sorrel poney, with a light mane and tail, and blind.
I left the horse at the Horse and Groom in St. John's-street, according to order; Mr. Jaques lent me the horse to ride to London, I delivered him to Mr. Jaques's order, and told the hostler to deliver him to any body that might call for him from Mr. Jaques. I have never seen the horse since.
I live at the Horse and Groom, I was in the yard when Mr. Lucas came, and he called hostler twice; the hostler was busy looking something; he asked me if I knew the horse, I said, no; he said take care of the horse, I have rode him hard, and Mr. Jaques's boy will come for him in half an hour; a man was washing his face when Lucas came in; I really cannot say that the prisoner is the man; who the horse was delivered to I cannot tell.
I was on my box in Oxford Road on Friday the 30th of March; I am a hackney-coachman: a person came to me and asked me to go to the Red-Lion at Kilburn, it was the prisoner; I drove him to Kilburn; he demanded a horse at the Red-Lion, which was given him by the hostler, and it was tied to my off-side horse; he had a hog mane and bald face: he got in and I drove him to Cow-cross, then it was about ten in the evening; we went to the Three Compasses, and he sent for a person to buy him, and we had a pint of purl and gin; he would not buy him that night, he said he would give him a night's keep, it was a pity to keep him in the street, and he would see if he could bargain for him in the morning.
I live at Northampton, I deal in fowls, I was sent for by John Clewes to the Three Compasses to buy this horse; he told me he had got a horse at the Red-Lion at Kilburn; I had known him some time, but had not seen him for four years; I met him in Smithfield and I asked him how he lived, he told me in dealing for low-priced horses; I told him I had a horse died, and wanted one; then he told me he had a horse that would suit me, and he offered to fetch him; he told me he was blind of both eyes, and had a broken knee, and he was lame behind; he sent for me to the Three Compasses again at ten o'clock at night, he wanted me to buy the horse, which he had then brought from Kilburn; I next day bought him for two guineas. I am sure he is the man of whom I bought him.
Arrowsmith told me to go to Kilburn to fetch the horse, and I went; when I came there I staid that night, and part of the next day, and Arrowsmith never came, so I brought the horse to the Compasses.
