I am a commodore belonging to the East-India Company's warehouses, in New-street, Bishopsgate-street : On the 4th of this month, in consequence of some information, I made a search into the bales of muslin; I found a deficiency of seven pieces; I immediately reported the deficiency to my superior; the prisoner was employed by me that day in that part of the warehouses; I was going up stairs, and saw the prisoner standing near a loop-hole; I suspected him to be watching me; I went up to him, and followed him down into the cellar; I said, Harris, you must go with me to the accompting-house; he said, he would; I perceived his right hand busy, as if he was taking something out of his breeches; I then laid hold of him; he leaned his body forward against some goods, and took out from under his apron a piece of muslin; I picked up the muslin, and kept hold of him; he then gave me a push, and ran off; he ran across the road through the Rose public-house, and through several passages, till he got near Petticoat-lane; I came up to him there, laid hold of him, and conducted him back to Mr. Corbett's accompting-house; he said, oh, Mr. Bell, and seemed to be much agitated; it was the same sort of muslin that was in the bases; the head of one of the bases was rather loose.
I am an assistant elder of the East-India Company's warehouses; all I know of it is, to confirm what Mr. Bell has said; I have had some conversation with him in the Compter; he said, he should be very glad to make a discovery, if he could be admitted an evidence; I said, I could not say any thing to it; I went to ask Mr. Chetham, and he told me, that he and the other man were both fully committed; I then went back, and told the prisoner that he could not be admitted.
He was a man of very good character?
Yes; a man that we have been ever much indebted to as to getting goods ready for shipping and unshipping.
He was one of the first persons who came forward in the late militia business?
I believe he was.
Has he not made discoveries very important, for preventing future depredation?
Yes.
I am a constable
; I had this from Mr. Corbett's warehouse; I have had it ever since.
- I am one of the principal elders of the East-India Company's warehouses; this is the kind of muslin that is in our warehouses.
Do you believe it to be the property of the East-India Company?
Yes.
What character has he deserved?
For some years a very good one; he was always the readiest man to take the hardest labour, and a very useful servant to the Company; when the India Company raised volunteers, and the names were called over, he was ready and chearful in that service.
