I am a labourer in the East-India company's warehouse, in Barker's-gardens; it lays between Whitechapel and the Minories .
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Was he a labourer in your warehouse?
He was.
Do you remember on the 8th of January his being in the warehouse?
Yes.
Was he in the same room with you?
He was.
Will you tell us what you know respecting any tea?
On Thursday morning last we all came together to work as usual; I suppose there may be eight in number. We worked on till breakfast time together, after breakfast the commodore acquainted us that we were to go round to a different part of the building to bring down goods. He ordered Thomas Yeaman and his partner to go to that part of the building to take some goods down from the pile of chests where they were piled up. He ordered me and my partner to stay behind to take them off the truck as they were brought round to us. They went round and could not get through, the doors were not unlocked, and so Thomas Yeaman and his partner staid behind till the doors were unlocked, and he came back to the room where we had been at work the former part of the morning. I was on the move to keep my feet warm, while the doors were being unlocked; presently I heard a rustling of paper or flags, that the tea is covered with.
The chest is made of boards?
Yes, but this chest was open.
And the tea is inclosed within side of the flags or paper?
Yes. I approached nearer to the found, and I suspected where it came from; instantly I heard Thomas Yeaman come towards me from the spot where I had heard the found.
Did any thing pass between him and you?
No, he walked on to the farther part of the room, and quitted the room. I instantly went to the place where I suspected the noise to have been, whereas I found some of the tea was spilled on the floor by the chest, at the end of the chest. This chest I had been mending the fore part of the morning.
In what manner?
In putting a piece in at the end to prevent the tea tumbling out.
d it I suppose?
No, we put in the piece and then it was referred, we cut the dove tails and pushed it in.
In putting in this piece at the side, do you recollect whether any tea was spilled at that time?
No, it was not, because I had heaped the tea on a heap, at the farther end, and pressed it down with my arm, and no tea could fall out. After the prisoner quitted the room I went and examined, and found the tea spilled on the floor; I examined my partner whether he had spilled any of the tea or no, and I pulled the paper off the chest of tea, and I found a hole in the tea different to what I left it.
Could you discover from the appearance how much was gone out?
I did imagine in myself, as I told the commodore, there must be about a pound gone out. I communicated this to the commodore, and I reported it to the elder, and the elder ordered me to retire back to my work, at his request I did, and he went and got the King's locker.
Do you recollect being sent for when the prisoner was taken up?
No, I was not.
Gurney. How long have you worked with the prisoner?
At different times for near a twelve month.
I believe there are sometimes little differences amongst the men working there?
That I cannot say about, there was no difference between him and me.
The prisoner has some enemies, has he not?
I cannot say that.
You and he were working together in this large warehouse, what size is the warehouse?
A very large piece of building.
You heard some noise like the rustling of the paper, or the rustling of leaves, and the prisoner was in that part where you heard the noise?
He was in that room.
What was the size of that room?
Between fifty or sixty feet square.
You don't know that he was in that part of the room where the rustling was?
He was in that room.
The chest in which this tea was contained, was a chest out of repair?
It was.
Consequently with any body's touching it, or shaking it, some tea would fall out?
It would not.
You had been mending that chest, there was a piece out, you had not nailed it?
No, but it could not tumble out.
Any little motion must naturally shake out some tea?
There was no motion could be made.
If any accident had happened by shaking that chest, or any one in contact with it, some of the tea might have fell out, would it not?
It might if the chest had been moved.
Knapp. In point of fact, was there any tea spilled out of this chest?
Not that I know of.
When you left it could any tea fall out?
In the state I left it I cannot imagine that there was any tea could fall out.
I am a locker in the East India warehouse. I am the person that found the tea on the prisoner.
Did you take him into custody?
I went with the constable; I was the person that searched him, and found the tea on him.
Where did you take him?
I took him in the third building, in that part of the warehouse in Middlesex.
What did you find on him?
Thirteen ounces of tea in his right hand pocket, loose.
Did he say any thing at that time?
At that time he said that some malicious person had done it, and when he came down to the counting house, he said to the elder that he had a large family.
Gurney. You attending this warehouse, perhaps you know whether it is not their custom to hang their coats up while they are at work?
It is.
You don't happen know of your own knowledge whether he had hanged up his coat that morning?
I do not.
If any man had the misfortune to have a malicious enemy in that warehouse, it was in the power of that enemy to put tea in his pocket?
Yes, that I believe.
And when he was taken up he said some malicious person had done it?
He did.
In what situation are you in this warehouse?
I am one of the elders.
In consequence of some information you had given you, the prisoner at the bar was apprehended?
He was brought into the counting house where I was, and I saw the tea took out of his right hand coat pocket.
What time of the day was this?
About eleven o'clock in the morning.
What tea was it?
Souchong tea.
Can you say it was the company's property or not?
I can swear it is like the souchong tea that was preparing for sale.
Gurney. When this was found in his pocket, he said some malicious person had done this trick?
No, he said before the Lord Mayor that he had no defence to make, but he must throw himself on his mercy.
What did he say at the time the tea was found in his pocket?
He did not make any defence at all, and when the warehouse keeper came he had no defence to make, but begged we would consider his family.
Was you in the room when he said some malicious person had done this?
That he said the second hearing before the Lord Mayor.
Was you not present when he said this to Mr. Boon?
No, I did not hear it then.
to Boon. Where was it the prisoner said that some malicious person had put it in his pocket?
In the third story; Mr. Lancaster was not there.
Gurney to Venning. Where was the warehouse situated, in the city of London or county of Middlesex?
I believe in the county of Middlesex.
I know it is in the county of Middlesex.
It is a cruel and unjust prosecution. In the chests there are no mats put in. I had been labouring in that room but it was two hours before that they found the tea on me; it was in an old coat that I work with in the warehouse, not the coat that I come out with, and I had an opportunity of putting it from me, two or three hours, if I had known it. I knew nothing about it; I believe there is a guinea reward in this case, and some person wanting to supersede me in this warehouse.
