On the 1st of November last, I lost a funnel, I found it under the prisoner's cloak, I did not miss it at all.
Were there any other goods afterwards found that belonged to you?
Yes, a pint pot; I did not take it from her, the constable took it from her at Marlborough-street.
What had the prisoner at the bar to do with these things?
Here is the constable that took the pot from her.
Bramwell sent for me on the 1st of November, to take the prisoner into custody for stealing the funnel; I took her to Marlborough-street office, and I locked her up till Mr. Bramwell came, and after Mr. Bramwell came she dropped a pint pot there, from under her petticoat; and after that I took her before the magistrate.
Did you see any thing of a funnel?
Yes, the funnell was put into my care, Mr. Bramwell found the funnel on her.
To Bramwell. What was the reason for\\ send\\ ing for the constable?
Because I detected the funnel on her. I keep a public house .
Had she been employed about your house?
Occasionally, to go of an errand or so, for these six or seven years past; there was a black man that used to black shoes at the door, and she passed for his wife.
What led you to suspect any thing?
I see the funnel under her cloak as she was going out of my house, I was just coming to the door as she got out; I see a large bulge, and I suspected, and I lifted up her cloak, and found the funnel just under her cloak; I know it by its general appearance, I have had it about five or six or seven years; as to the pot I know it to be mine, because it has my name on it.
When had you seen the effects last, before they were missing?
My wife was saying before this woman, that she had lost a dozen pots this week, and this woman made a reply, and said, I wish their hands might drop off who took them.
When had you seen this pot before?
I cannot say, they are in general use about the house.
Was this woman ever employed to scower pots?
No, only just to go of an errand or so, and we used to give her a bit of broken victuals.
