I am an attorney , in Carey-street : I was absent from the 5th to the 25th of December last, during which time I left the prisoner in care of my house; when I returned, I missed some of my books, the only book I have been able to trace, is, the second volume of Term Reports, my clerk found it at Mr. Fleming's, a pawnbroker in Fetter-lane, on Monday last.
I wish to ask Mr. Hill, whether he and his wife have not been in the habit of pawning every little trifling thing about the house, from September 1796, to this time?
I never pawned any thing myself, and I have no reason to believe my wife ever did, I am sure she never had any occasion.
Have you never directed any other person to pawn any thing for you?
Never.
He has got, now, in the house, duplicates, from pawnbrokers, in different names, to the\\ amountof 115.
I have some duplicates at home, which I have got as a security for money, belonging to another person.
Have you your watch in your pocket now?
No.
Upon your oath, is it not in pawn?
It is; I was in custody at the time.
Then what did you mean by telling me you had never pawned any thing?
My brother pawned that; I was under the necessity of pawning it, being locked up at the time for a large sum.
I am brother of the last witness; the prisoner was left in possession of my brother's house, from the 5th to the 25th of December.
Had he access to your brother's library?
Yes; when my brother came home, he missed six or seven books.
Do you know that the books had been there?
Yes; I have frequently read those books that were missing during his absence.
Subsequent to the time of your brother leaving town, had you yourself seen the second volume of Term Reports?
Yes.
That you swear?
I do.
I mean that second volume which your brother had?
Yes; the same that has been since produced; I do not mean to say that my brother was out of town, but he was absent from home.
During that time, did your brother never come to the house?
No; I do not believe he did; I had access to the house several times.
Who was left in the house besides the prisoner?
His wife and two young servant girls.
Was the prisoner left in the house?
Yes; he was my brother's clerk; at that time he used to keep the key of the office, and take it with him when he went out.
You do not sleep in the house?
No; I only used to come there frequently.
Are you an assistant to your brother in his business?
No.
What business are you?
I am in the same profession.
Were you ever at Manchester?
Yes.
Do you know one Mr. Smith of Manchester?
I know several gentleman at Manchester.
Do you know Mr. Smith?
I believe I do know such a name.
Had you ever any dealings with Mr. Smith, at Manchester?
Yes, I have.
Did you ever draw a bill in the name of Chickledy and pay it to Mr. Smith to swindle him out of goods.
You must not ask that question.
I am servant to Mr. Fleming, a pawnbroker; I took in this book of a man, on the 22d of December, in the name of John Portees , and I think the prisoner is the man, he is rather a remarkable man, but it is a long time to charge my memory, it is the only time I had any transaction with him, I have no doubt but he is the man.
Can you positively say, he is the man?
I cannot.
Do you believe it to be the man?
Yes.
This is one of the books that I left in my house on the 5th of December; here is a direction in it that I received to bring an action, I am sure it is mine.
My Lord, the warrant upon which I was taken, bears date the 18th of January last, and it charges John Portees , alias John Day . Now Mr. Hill knows that my name is John Portees, but he chuses to alias me, because he wishes to defame me. Mr. Hill, the whole time I was with him was in the constant habit of pawning every little trifling thing in the house; I have known the house many times bare of every thing, without a table-cloth, or a tea-spoon in the house. Mrs. Hill can neither read nor write, and she has given me the tickets to pick out particular things for her when she has wanted them out, and I have seen even the ticket of a child's cap, that had been pawned for four-pence, and they always pawned things in other people's names, particularly in the name of Mrs. Williams, of Tottenham-court-road, a person not of the best character in the world; two children used to fetch and carry these things backwards and forwards. When they have had company, they have been obliged to borrow tea-spoons, because their own were in pawn; I only came down here last night between eleven and twelve o'clock, if I had had further time, I should have had some witnesses to prove what I have already stated. When I was taken up, I had Lord Kenyon's subpoena about me, to attend the Grand Jury, at Westminster, to give evidence upon a bill of indictment against Mr. Hill, for perjury; he said to a person that is now in Court, that if I went to give evidence against him, he would take me up upon that warrant, and as soon as I came out of the Grand Jury room, I was taken up upon that warrant. With respect to pawning the book in question, I solemnly declare to your Lordship I never did; and, with respect to the second witness, a very few days indeed will shew what a situation he will be in, on account of some transactions at Manchester; there have been several persons up from Manchester to take him, but have not yet been able to find him.
I am servant to Mr. Kirby: I went up with a person of the name of Pinder, who is mentioned in that subpoena, upon an Habeas Corpus, to Guildhall, Westminster, to go before the Grand Jury, I went up with Jonas Waite, one of my fellow servants, and several debtors; as we were going into Westminster-hall, it being too soon to go before the Grand Jury, I saw Mr. Hill, Mr. Hill said, take care of that fellow, meaning Pinder; after we had stopped there some time, I thought it was time to go to Guildhall; we went to Guildhall, that was at ten o'clock, and we were informed the Jury would not meet till eleven; Pinder said to me, we may as well walk up and down here till eleven, and then we shall not be out of the way; we walked about, and met with the prisoner; when we got to Guildhall door, I saw Mr. Hill again, he came up to me, and said, so I see you have brought up Pinder; yes, Sir, says I, I have; why, says he, there is that other fellow that is with him, if he attempts to go before the Grand Jury, the moment he comes out I will apprehend him upon this warrant, shewing me the warrant; then he asked me if I knew of any constable about there, there was one belonging to Bow-street standing close to me; I told him that was an officer; he took him on one side, and shewed him the warrant.
Did he say what he would have him taken up for?
He said for a felony.
Did you stay there till after they had given their evidence?
Yes.
Where was Mr. Hill?
With the officer, at the door; and the moment he came out, he took him up.
How long was this ago?
I believe it was last Monday was a week, or Tuesday.
And you recollect precisely the words he said?
Yes.
Now were not these his words: I have had a warrant against this man a considerable time, I have not been able to find him till now, and as soon as he comes out I will apprehend him?
No; he said, if he attempts to go into the Grand Jury-room, the moment he comes out I will apprehend him upon this warrant.
My Lord, I beg leave to explain this.
We do not sit here to hear speeches, but to hear facts.
I only mean to state facts. I went down for the express purpose of preferring a bill of indictment against Pinder; I preferred my bill, the Grand Jury found it a true bill, and threw out theirs. Happening to be down at Westminster, I asked the last witness for an officer; I gave the warrant to a man of the name of Rice; the prisoner had been out of the way five months, and I told Rice I would be glad if he would take him as soon as he came out of the Grand Jury-room, but particularly desired him not to molest him, or take any notice of him till after he had come out of the Grand Jury-room.
