I am a butcher, porter to Mr. Davis; I hung up a quarter of veal about a quarter of an hour before it was missed, at my master's shop-door in Newgate-market ; Mr. Provost missed it, and asked me what was become of it, that was about a quarter before four in the morning of Saturday the 5th of March; the officer stopped the prisoner with the veal, about a quarter of an hour after it was missed; I am not certain that it is the same veal, I cannot swear to it.
Is there any body that can?
I don't know any body that can; at Guildhall, the prisoner said, I could not swear that he took it, and I said, no, I could not.
I am in partnership with Mr. Provost; I did not see the prisoner take the veal; there was a note put upon it when it was hung up; it was stole in less than five minutes after it was hung up; in consequence of information, I went over the water to the Rising-sun, the Surry-side of Black-friars bridge, with the constable, and saw the veal; I understood the prisoner was in custody, but I did not see him then; the paper was wrote on by my clerk, Thomas Jacobs; we sell by commission; this veal came from the country, it belonged to a person of that name in Wiltshire; this was the hind quarter, we had sold the other three quarters to a man in the Fleet-market; after we got it from the constable, the man who bought the other three quarters, bought that; my clerk is here to identify the hand-writing; I am satisfied, in my own opinion, that it is the quarter of veal that was taken from my shop.
I am a constable; a little after four o'clock in the morning, on the 5th of March last, I saw the prisoner coming over Blackfriar's-bridge, with something upon his head; he was coming from over the bridge into Surrey; I walked by the side of him, I suppose one hundred yards, or thereabouts; when he found that I walked by the side of him, he went across the road; I then asked him what he had there, he said, he did not know, it was something he had picked up on the bridge; says I, then let us go and see what it is, and then he threw it away; I pursued him and called out to a watchman that was standing just by, and told him to stop that man, which he did, and brought him back; I ran back to secure the veal; I took him to the watch-house; I found this note upon the veal, stuck on with a skewer, (producing it) with Thomas Jacobs written upon it.
Was not the veal wrapped up in a coarse cloth?
It was a piece of coarse sack, made like an apron, with two bits of packthread to it.
I am a watchman; Hedingron called to me to stop the man that was running, and I did so; it was the prisoner, he dropped the veal in the road.
I am clerk to Mr. Davis, (looks at the note) this is my hand-writing, I wrote it, and the first witness put it upon the veal.
I put this note upon the vcal that morning.
I was out of work, and was going over Blackfriar's-bridge, and I picked up the property stated in the indictment, wrapped up in a coarse cloth, and I was going home, and was stopped by the officer.
