I am a bricklayer , living in Sheperton ; on the 10th of May my stable was broke open, the lock wrenched off, and the bay gelding was stole; I saw it again on the 17th; the horse was just gone seven days, I cannot tell what day of the week, but it was both one day of the week; it was brought home to my own stables again, and Mr. Morris was present with me when I looked at it, and that gelding was the same I lost; the mark is a bay gelding, ball face, a ball eye, and a scar on the off-shoulder, three white legs, rubbed in the mane by the collar.
I was at Waltham-abbey fair on the 14th of May, I saw the prisoner at the bar there, and he had a horse which he offered to me for seven guineas; there was no voucher there for the sale, in consequence of which he and I set out to come to London to find some such person, he said he was waiting in the fair for Mr. Palmer, who was to vouch that he came honestly by it; at last we set out to come to London; I lent him a horse to ride, and another man rode the gelding; he had taken the money, and delivered the gelding to an acquaintance of mine in the horse-dealing line; as we came along we met Palmer, and he said the gelding was his property, and then Portsmouth, the prisoner, returned the money back; I asked him how he came to sell the horse; and he said he was sent there to sell it, that he brought it out of Holborn, and I struck up a new bargain with Palmer, he said he gave five guineas for it, and I and Palmer agreed for six, and took him again into my possession of Palmer; after this I sent him in three or four days time by James Freer , to Brentford fair, to be sold, the very same gelding.
Have you been present with Smeath, and looked at the gelding since?
Yes, and it is the same he brought to Waltham-abbey, and I bought of him there.
Upon the 14th of May, I met Newbank and the prisoner coming from Waltham; I claimed the gelding in question, I was coming out of Smithfield-market on the 13th, on Friday, the day before, I saw the prisoner the top of Fleet-lane, with the gelding in question, he asked me eight guineas for it, I bid him six, but bought it for seven without the saddle or bridle; I had some reasons to suppose it was not found, and told him if he would go to Mr. Paterson's, Fleet-lane, I would pay him there; doubts arising about the soundness of it, I told him I would give him five that night, and two the next morning when he brought the vouchers that it was found; he said he was going to Waltham-abbey fair the next day; I told him I should see him in the morning, and would go with him; in the morning I saw him between seven and eight o'clock; I told him I would go for a hackney, and go and ride with him, and when I came back; he had rode away with the horse, he was not where I left him; at night the horse was put up in the New Inn at the Old Bailey; I had never the horse in my possession, not finding him there, I hired a horse, and went down to Waltham-abbey, and met them coming up to London, and I claimed the gelding, and I sold it at last to Newbank for six guineas.
Did you ask him where he got the gelding?
He said he lived on the western road, somewhere about Staines, that he had bought the gelding some time ago, and now he had no further use for it; he did not tell me how long before he had bought it, nor from whom.
He had the five guineas?
He had.
Was you to try the mare at the fair at Waltham-abbey, to see if it was found?
I was.
For what purpose was you to go to the fair?
I had other business at the fair, in the horse-dealing line, and there I expected to find a voucher, and it was agreed that he was to go to the fair, when he had the five guineas.
When you lost your gelding, why did not you go immediately to the fair?
I did, as soon as I could; I was down in the Old Bailey about eleven, and I met them coming home between twelve and one.
That was late to go to the fair?
It was, but I had forty horses to look after first: I was then in business with Mr. Gregson, at the Bull and Gate Yard in Holborn, he keeps a repository.
Do you mean to swear upon your oath that you went to have this gelding vouched?
I did; and I told him I would have nothing more to do with it except it was, and he said when he came there, he would vouch it to me.
What is the nature of this vouching?
When a horse is sold and vouched, the voucher is taken to the toll-keeper to prove that the person who sells it came honestly by it.
I am servant to Newbank. I took the gelding to Brentford fair; there it was stopped, and claimed as Mr. Smeath's property. I took it to Mr. Smeath's; I went upon the horse, and he took me home.
I understood that Palmer bought stolen horses, and I knew that he had once before of another person, and I sold it to him as a stolen horse, and told him all the particulars, and where it came from; and he said, that the horse had got a ball eye, but he would put the eye out, and crop it, and dock it, so that it should not be known. He did not buy of me in Fleet-lane, but in a private stable. The next morning, I goes to him about seven in the morning, and told him, I was going to Waltham fair; says he, if you will take the horse to the fair, and get it booked, and made safe to me, I will give you half a guinea more. He was to give me seven guineas, and he had given me five guineas in part of payment of the horse, and he was to give me two more on Tuesday; with that I took the horse to the fair; he had his horse ready to go to the fair; and he said, he must go and get his horse shooed first, before he could go; and he sent me to the fair. With that I took the horse to the fair; and I suppose it was near to five o'clock before he came to the fair. As to how I came by the horse, I and another man stole it out of the stable.
