I know the prisoner; he was tried here in January session, 1794; he was capitally convicted, and had a pardon upon condition of being transported for life; he was ordered to be transported for life in the June session following. I am sure he is the man.
Had you seen him in custody before?
No; I am positive he is the man.
This is above three years ago?
Yes.
Were you in court when he was convicted?
Yes.
He was pardoned on condition of being transported?
Yes.
That pardon was afterwards altered, on condition of his serving on board some ship of war until duly discharged?
Yes, I have that pardon; (produces it) . He was delivered on board the tender at the Tower, on the 18th of July following.
I had information of the prisoner being at large, and I apprehended him.
It was no secret that this man was on shore now and then?
I do not know that it was.
He was one of the press-gang belonging to the Enterprize?
Yes, I have heard so.
And do you not know it is their duty to go about to try to detect where persons are?
I do not know it.
Have you never seen him busied and employed among press-gangs?
I have heard so since.
Who lodged the information against him?
John Nowlan gave me the information of him.
You know there is a snug 20l. among you if he is convicted?
Yes.
I am an officer; I know no more than Griffiths; I was in company with him when he apprehended the prisoner.
I was in the office when the man was committed; I was present when he was tried; I proved his being convicted in this court in January 1794; I am sure he is the man that was cast for the highway robbery.
Whereabout was he apprehended?
Near the water-side, by Nightingale-lane.
When I was sent on board the ship, from the prison, I went two or three cruises in Lord Howe's fleet; I was set ashore at Torbay in sick quarters; after that I was on a cruise off St. Domingo, we were taken, and I made my escape from a French prison; I got away to Jamaica to my own captain; I had a fever which fell into my legs; after that, I went on board the Lottery Guineaman, we came over to Liverpool, where I was six weeks; when I got better, I came up to London and told Lieutenant Dickinson my case, and he took me into his employment, and from there I went to Lieutenant Christie, on board the Enterprize tender, lying at the Tower; I have been in pay with Lieutenant Christle ever since.
He has set up a very good defence, if it was proved; I will make enquiry as to the ground of it, and if I find it has any colour, he shall have the benefit of it.
When I took him on board the tender, he was in favour with the regulating officer, and got to belong to a press-gang, and went about, I saw him several times with the gang, it is upwards of a year since I saw him in the gang.
