Do you know Mr. Bardesly?
Yes, I live with him as footman.
What is Mr. Bardesly's christian name?
James.
Where does he live?
No. 5, Sussolk-street, near the Middlesex Hospital, Mary-le-bone .
Did he lose any property the beginning of this month?
Yes, a silver half pint, two silver desert spoons, and a large silver sugar castor. They were taken from the dining parlour, about four o'clock I had laid them there, I missed them the minute the prisoner was gone out of the house. He brought some feathers from Mr. Read, he said, in Oxford-street, for the ladies.
How long was he in the house?
About five minutes. I took the feathers from him, and took them up into the drawing room to the ladies, I left him in the hall at the door.
Was he there when you came down again?
Yes, I gave him the feathers back again, and told him it was a mistake. He went away with them; the moment I came back from him, I went into the parlour, and I see the plate were gone, I went directly to the door, and could not see him. He was found the Friday following.
Did you get your goods again, or any part of the things?
None at all.
What was the value of the silver half pint?
I cannot rightly say the value, a guinea.
The two silver desart spoons?
About eight shillings.
The silver sugar castor?
guinea, it was a very large one.
Was it old or new?
Old.
Within what time before the prisoner came with the feathers had you seen these things in the dining room?
I had just then come out of the dining room.
Has Mr. Bardesly the whole house?
Yes.
I wish to know whether he missed all the four articles at once, or only three?
First of all I only missed the two spoons and the half pint, and the time I was looking for them, my mistress missed the sugar castor.
I am one of the patrol belonging to Bow-street; I live in Oxford-street; the boy, the prisoner at the bar, was brought to me in a hackney coach, on Friday, Mr. Martin, in Bryanston-street, had been robbed about June last, and he made application to me, describing the lad, and bills were given out concerning his loss, with the description of the lad, and he was apprehended.
Do you know any thing about this indictment of Mr. Bardesly's?
No, I know nothing about it.
What are those things you have got in your hand?
Feathers that were brought to me with the prisoner.
Do you know any thing concerning Mr. Bardesly's plate?
No, I do not at all. But about five minutes after six this lad knocked at my door, I was talking to a gentleman in my parlour, and this boy had got these very feathers, and he said, I have brought these feathers for the ladies, and she knowing this story before, from Mr. Martin, ran down stairs, and said, I have ordered no feathers, and I apprehended him.
If I had been a person to have done such a thing as this, why did not I go to his parlour door? I did not offer to go to his parlour door. I have no witnesses.
