What time of the day was it taken?
I went out on duty about five o'clock in the evening; I am a patrole belonging to Bow street, I left this woman with my wife about a quarter of an hour before I went on duty, I never saw her before that day in my life.
How came she there?
It appears she had seen my wife the day before, the 2d of February, being Sunday, about eleven o'clock, I cleaned myself, and was going to church, my wife asked me as I was going down stairs, where I was going? I told her I was going to church, and I had gone about half way, and she ran after me, and said John, have you got that little bag in your pocket? I said what bag? says she the little bag with the money; I went back with her, and it could not be found; says I to her, who has been here? says she, nobody but that Welch girl, the last night; I found the purse was gone, I went to my partner, Mr. Creedland, and we pursued the prisoner, and we found her in Queen's-court, Pimlico, in the house of one Mr. Davis; on Sunday about four o'clock, when I came to her, I asked her how she came to make my property away, and rob my wife of it? I said to Mr. Creed
I am the wife of the last witness, I was going through the park, and met the prisoner, and understanding she was a welch girl, I asked her what part she came from, and she came from a part that I happened to know; I wished to talk a little with her, about that part, and I asked her to call on me, and she called on me the next day, Saturday, just at the same time that my husband was going out on his duty, and I gave her some bread and cheese, and when I went out for a pint of beer to treat her with, she went and took that purse, with fourteen guineas, and a half in it.
How do you know it was taken during the time that you went for the beer?
Because I never left her there but at that time; then the next morning I went to look for a cap in the drawer, and I saw the little box open, and my husband was just gone out to church, and I went out after him, and asked him if he had taken the purse with the money.
How long did she stay with you?
She stayed with me till between eight and nine o'clock, as near as I can guess.
This was a chest of drawers, was it?
It was.
Were the drawers locked?
No, they was open.
Have you seen the purse since?
The gentleman that took it from her shewed it to me.
I have got the purse.
This is my bag, I made it myself.
This is my purse my wife made it for me.
The prisoner frequented my place now and then, I being her own country woman. I had not seen her for two months before, till last Saturday night she knocked at the door, when she said she was married to a lawyer in the Tem
I never took the money, she took the money out of a drawer and put it in my hand to carry to some of her friends in the country.
You are a welsh woman?
I am.
Did you want to send any money into the country?
No, I have no friend in the world but that good man, my husband, it was some money that I had laid by to help me when I was old, or should be sick.
