I was a sailor on board the Romulus. I received my wages about two, and went first to the Salutation. I had eighteen guineas and a half in gold, three pocket pieces I bought in London resembling half guineas, and about thirteen shillings in money, the money was in a tin box. We were drinking together at the Salutation; I went down the town, and got some victuals, and saw the prisoner at the Running Horse, and asked him to drink a glass; I sat there some time; the prisoner was in company, and he took hold of me by the shoulder, and said, Come, shipmate, go with me, I will provide you a good lodging; I did not look at first; he made a stop at once. I asked him where he was going; he took me up a very narrow passage, gave me a sudden jerk all of a sudden on the shoulder, and took my tin box and money out of my pocket. He went away all at once. I went to the next house, and told them, and that he had only left me one copper. They searched my pockets, and sent for a constable. I staid there all night; it was a lodging-house; none of the people are here. The next morning I went to the Running Horses, and told the landlord, and seized the prisoner, who stood by the fire. He took out half a guinea for change; he swore many heavy oaths, and pulled out two more; they were my property: I gave a penny a piece for them; they were half-guinea pieces resembling half-guineas; one of them was found in the ashes. I understood the tin box was picked up by a schoolboy, who is here.
Was the Salutation the first house you drank at?
Yes.
How long had you been there?
Near an hour.
What liquor did you drink?
Part of two pints of beer between me and two more.
How long did you stay at the Running Horses?
The space of an hour.
You drank there too?
Yes.
Do you recollect fighting any body in the street after you went out of the Running Horses?
No.
Was you so sober as to recollect all that happened to you?
Yes; I was not paid off when the ship was paid.
Had you been at the Bull public-house that night?
At the Bull, Sir.
Aye, recollect yourself; and recollect, there is less offence in a sailor's getting drunk after a long voyage than in swearing against a man?
I was in the Bull.
And there you invited a young woman to pass the night with you?
I was in no woman's company any further than this, I saw a woman in a black gown; she asked me what countryman I was; I told her, I was of the West of England, and I asked her for a cook's shop; I went into the cook's shop, and asked her to sit down; she did not come in then, she returned again in five minutes; she came up through the street with me again; I went along with her to the Salutation, then the landlord asked her what she did there.
She was a common woman?
I never saw her before; he asked her what she did there? she said, she came to drink a glass of something with me. He said, he would as soon see her backside as see her face; and I never saw the woman afterwards.
Do you mean to swear that after that you was not at the Bull with this young woman?
Yes, Sir.
Why, you was not so ungallant surely as an English sailor to let her go out of the house by herself?
I never saw her afterwards; I was at the Bull before I went to the eating-house.
What became of you after you had lost this woman, that would not have been a pleasant circumstance, you know?
I went back again to the Running Horses after that.
How long did you continue drinking there? You drank at the Salutation, then you got to the Running Horses, then to the eating-house, then to the Salutation again, and then to the Running Horses again; at all of which you took a little drop of a nip?
I staid at the Running Horses about half an hour after eight, and had two pints of slip; I did not drink it all myself; there was four or five of us.
How far off did you pass your night from these running horses?
I cannot say.
You do not recollect fighting with any body?
No, Sir.
No man in a sailor's dress?
No.
Now, after all this drinking, do you really think you was any thing like sober?
I was sober and sensible to know what I said and did.
I keep the Running Horses at Brentford. I remember the prosecutor coming in; it was between eight and nine when he came in; he was not more than an hour; the prisoner was there some of the time. Bryant paid for three pints of liquor, that was all he had; they went out together. I saw a tin box in the prosecutor's hand, but what he had in it I cannot tell; nobody else went out with the prosecutor. He came in next morning, and the prisoner was there; he said, he had lost his money. I cannot tell what passed; but soon after the prisoner went out, and brought a piece of money to pay for what he had. The prosecutor did not stop him then. The prisoner's master is a pipe-maker. He produced me half a guinea to take my reckoning; I told him it was a counterfeit; he desired I would weigh it, and it was so; the prisoner said, it was his money. The sailor charged him in custody.
Did you observe whether he was a little in liquor?
I did not observe; they went out to get a lodging.
How long has the prisoner lived in your neighbourhood?
About six months; he frequented our house, and came there that morning, as he had been accustomed to do; he went out, and came in again some time after with this piece of money.
He might have put it all into the pipe-furnace if he had been conscious of any thing of the sort?
Could the sailor have had a lodging in your house?
Sometimes we do let a lodging; my husband offered him half a bed.
I am a pipe-maker in Brentford; the prisoner was my servant. I saw him at this publick house a quarter before nine; he gave me three pieces of medals, which I thought were half-guineas, and a guinea in gold, to take care of; he gave them me at William Violet 's, the Running Horses; the sailor was not there at that time. I had not been in the house above five or ten minutes. I pay the prisoner 16 s. a week on an average; I seldom paid him in gold; I paid him 16 s. the Saturday before, all in silver. He never offered me any gold before.
The prisoner applied to you for one of these very half-guineas?
Yes; he came to me for one of the half-guineas to go back and treat Bryan at that very publick house. He has worked for me about seven months; I never saw any dishonesty by him; he bore the character of an honest man; I never missed or found any thing lost.
This man had worked next door to you for some months, what character did he bear?
I have nothing to say against him; I never heard any thing to the contrary of an honest man.
Did Clamtree come in there?
Yes, some time after Bryan and the prisoner had left our house; they went out very good friends; he was to shew him a lodging. I saw him afterwards give Clamtree two of the small pieces; I did not see him give the other two.
Garrow to Clamtree. He gave you this money in the open tap-room, without any secret?
Yes.
Was you at the Running Horses on the evening of the 14th of November?
Yes. I am a shoemaker at Old Brentford; I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner go out together; I saw the prisoner the next morning throw down a pocket piece to the sailor, a kind of a half-guinea coin; and after that he offered me a golden guinea not to say they went out together the over-night; that is, the said William Cluer and the sailor.
Had any complaint been made against the prisoner?
Yes; the prosecutor charged him with the offence; he said, he could swear to the piece which I saw the criminal throw down.
What are you?
A cordwainer. I was having a little beer; there was only me and one more, and the landlord.
Do you know the woman that this man afterwards went to the Bull with?
No; I was not at the Bull.
What did they go out together for?
I did not hear.
Had you any acquaintance with the prisoner before?
No; the sailor recollected that I was in his company the overnight.
You was not examined before the magistate, nor is your name on the back of the indictment?
No.
When was you first applied to, to give evidence?
The next day; I went before the justice, Doctor Forster .
Was you examined there?
Yes. I gave my examination in writing for what I knew of; I did not go before the Grand Jury, I was not in town.
I am a shoemaker in Old Brentford; I was at the Running Horses the evening of the 14th of November; I saw Bryant there; I saw the prosecutor and prisoner go out together; the prosecutor was there first; the prisoner came in about five or six minutes, and asked what I had to drink; I said, a pint of beer; he drank of it, and called for another. I paid for the first pint; I told him not to call for any more; I had no more money; he said, it did not matter, he had plenty of money, and he said, he had saved up 3 l. for the Christmas holidays, which he had in a pipe-clay box; and soon after that, I think it might be in the space of a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, in came the prosecutor, and declared he had been robbed of all his property, which was 18 guineas and a half, and some odd money; what, I cannot justly say; and that the prisoner was the man that robbed him, and he would have a constable. Soon after that the prisoner beckoned me into the back parlour, and I went, and he put his hand into the sob of his trowsers, and pulled out a guinea, and two half guineas, as they appeared to me, but whether they were half guineas or counterfeits I could not tell; he offered me the two half guineas, as they appeared, to take them and keep them, and say nothing about it; I did not take them; I went and told my master, who was in the publick house, and the landlord; and before they could get a constable they were demolished some how or other; they could could not be found. My master's name is Callaghan. He was searched by Mr. Cox, the constable.
How old are you, my lad?
Thirteen, last September.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
Yes.
What are you to do?
I am to speak the truth.
Suppose you do not speak the truth, what will become of you?
Go to the devil. - (Sworn.) I picked up a box, I gave it to Mrs. Violet, about seven in the morning, on the dunghill, on Tuesday the 15th of November.
The box was brought in, and carried to the justice's; the constable, William Cox , has it. The prisoner lives about two stones throw from where the box was picked up.
A great many people live much nearer?
Yes.
I produce a tin box.
This is the tin box I found.
Here is a certificate in it; I searched the prisoner, and found one guinea in his hand. (Produced.) This pocket-piece was on the table in the tap-room; the prosecutor told me to take it.
I did not take notice of it, but the prisoner offered me such a one as this that morning.
This is my box, and my certificate and card. This medal is my property, part of what I lost that evening; here is a particular scratch upon the head.
How many of these medals did you buy?
Three, there was never another in his shop; there is a scratch on the King's head side.
Do you mean a long one all down the crown?
It is not so very long.
Does it reach from the top to the bottom?
Almost.
And that is on the head side?
Yes.
That you are quite sure of?
Yes.
So much for certainty; now it happens to be on the other side. When you speak of the head, you do not mean the tail?
No.
(Shews him a guinea) Which is the head side of that?
(He points to the head side, and persists in the scratch being on the head side.) I saw him chuck this medal on the floor.
Court to William Cox . That which you call the medal resembles the half-guinea?
Yes? I found it on the table in the taproom when I went in.
Court to Bryant. When you went out of the publick house in company with the prisoner, you say you went to get a lodging, and in a narrow place, a sort of alley, he gave you a jerk, and put his hand in your pocket, and took your property from you?
Yes.
Was there any other force made use of?
He took me by the shoulder.
I am sorry to trouble the Court. but they took one guinea, a sixpence, and a penny; the guinea I worked hard for I think I have a right to have: my defence is as this; I gave my master one guinea, and three pocket-pieces, a quarter before nine; I went out of this house with the prosecutor; the prosecutor had all his money at nine o'clock; the guinea and the three pocket-pieces I gave to my master before I went out with the prosecutor.
Court to Clamtree. What time was it?
It was near a quarter before nine that I received them of him at the Running Horses tap-room; I never saw the prosecutor till the next day.
The prosecutor was gone backwards.
Did the prisoner afterwards leave the Running Horses?
He went home after us, I understand; the prosecutor was not in his company then.
