I live in Brown's-lane, Spitalfields .
Are you a shoemaker ?
Yes; I only know the property.
On the 13th of last month, the prisoner at the bar, and another woman, came into the shop to buy a pair of shoes, spanish leather, womens shoes; they asked me the price of them; I told them four shillings and sixpence; the prisoner objected to the price, and said, she would give four shillings; I told her I could not take it; they then went out of the shop, and were gone about a quarter of an hour; they then came back again, and said, they would have a pair that would come cheaper; I tried two or three pair on, and they did not approve of either pair, and they then went out of the shop again, they were gone out of the shop about half a minute, and I turned round and missed the shoes off the shelf, some men's shoes, I could not tell exactly how many, I thought they looked suspected people, and I shut the door, and ran after them directly, and pursued them through Spitalfields-market, they went through Paternoster row, where I have a brother lives, that keeps an open shop, and I called my brother out, and he pursued them, and took them just in Smock alley, near Petticoat lane.
Were they both taken by you and your brother?
No, only the prisoner; before she was taken the threw the shoes into Mr. Friend's shop, the corner of Smock-alley.
Did you see that?
I did not; she was taken and brought to the watch-house.
You pursued this woman?
Yes; I found I could not do any thing, and I cried stop thief! and she was very soon stopped, getting through the posts, and she threw the shoes into Mr. Friend's shop.
Did you see her?
I did not, Mr. Friend did.
I was standing behind my counter on Saturday, the 13th of last month, about half after eight o'clock; I see the prisoner at the bar throw something into the shop, and almost at the same instant I see some people pursuing her, and took her, saying this is the woman; I then went round the counter to see what it was, and I see it was two pair of shoes. (Produced.) I delivered them to Mr. Miller.
Knapp. I take it for granted you had never seen this woman before?
Above a hundred times.
You said you see her throw something in, what it was you did not know? What shop do you keep?
I am a watch-maker.
To Miller. Are those the shoes that Mr. Friend gave you?
Yes.
I know them to be mine.
Knapp. Do you keep a large shoe warehouse?
No.
How long had you before taken an account of your stock?
The day before I had taken an account of these shoes.
Did you know that these were in the shop at the time?
Yes, I knew they were the day before.
Does any body else serve in the shop besides you?
Yes, my wife does sometimes. These are my own manufactory, but not my own make.
Supposing you had seen them in another shop, should you have known them?
I know the man's make, and I make such a few, that I take more notice than a man that makes a great many. I know them by my cutting.
That man is employed by other masters as well as you?
Yes, but I know the cut of the shoe, and the shape.
Might not such a cut, and such a shape, be in any other shoemaker's shop?
I believe if they were among five hundred pair I could pick them out.
Have you ever seen shoes of that description before?
Yes, that was the way that I learned.
I was coming through Widegate-alley, and I had got a joint of meat in my apron, and a man came and laid hold of me, and then some gentleman that is here, came and brought something out. I know nothing about it, I am as innocent as a child that is just born; I never was guilty of any such thing in my life.
Knapp to Prosecutor. I believe that you have offered to settle this business, if it could be settled?
No.
Not for any sum of money?
No, upon my oath.
I have known the prisoner two or three years, she lodged at my mother's. I went to the prosecutor, and asked him what he had lost? he said he had lost some shoes; says he, if you are in the mind to pay me for the shoes and my time for going against the prisoner, I will not appear; I asked him what sum? he said he would take twenty guineas; I then went to the prisoner at the bar; and told her of it, and she said she had not twenty shillings.
When was this?
Saturday night, after she was taken.
Who was with you?
The mother of the prisoner at the bar, and we turned the woman out while he went to settle along with me.
Then there was nobody by except you and he?
No.
What are you?
I am a confectioner, in Woolpack-alley, Houndsditch. I am a jew.
Was it in his shop?
Yes.
To Prosecutor. Have you heard what this man has said?
Yes. She was taken on Saturday evening, and he came to me on Saturday evening, and he came to me on Sunday morning, so he came and made a pitiful deplorable story of the case, and said he would give me two guineas if I would reconcile the matter, and not prosecute her; I told him she was in the course of the law, and I could not do any thing with regularity and justice. On Monday he came again, and offered me the same again, and I said I would not do it if he would give me twenty guineas; when the mother came I told her she must go through the law, and the worst that would come of it was transporation.
Is it true that you offered to stop the prosecution, if they would give you twenty guineas?
I did not.
