I am clerk in the office; I have the original writ of capias against the defendant.
I am turnkey of the county goal of Surry; on the 15th of June, Joseph Dight was in my custody; he came in the 15th; he was arrested the 15th; he was not in custody on the Friday the 8th.
I am clerk to Mr. Justice Ashurst; I look at this signature, it is his.
On Tuesday, the 19th I was attorney for the plaintiff; Jolly against Dight; I saw the present prisoner, he was the person that produce the affidavit; he came forward and acknowledged that his name was Moss, the deponant in that affidavit; I knew my cliant had no such place of abode, as described in this affidavit.
My client lives at No. 5, Vere Street, Clare Market, and not at Walworth.
I was the plaintiff in that suit.
Did you in the course of the present year live at Walworth?
No, never in my life.
Did you either at your dwelling house in Walworth, or at any other place, ever receive that notice or copy of one?
No, sir, I never received any notice.
I was servant to Mr. Jolly.
On the eighth of June did he reside at Walworth, or any time about that time?
No, sir.
Did you at any time at his dwelling house, receive any such notice as and for him?
No, sir.
You are quite sure he resided in Vere Street, during that time?
Yes.
Was you present at any time, and where, at a conversation that passed respecting the service of a notice on the plaintiff Jolly, in the original act in the Court of King's Beach?
Yes, sir, it was in Fleet-street; upon my word I cannot tell the day and month, it was at a public house by Temple-bar, I do not know the sign of it; I believe it was about July, but I cannot take upon me to say; it was this prisoner at the bar; I knew him for some years prior to this; I do not believe I have been at the public house four times in my life.
How many times?
Once or twice; it is up a passage by Temple Bar, not Bell Yard, nor Shire Lane; I believe it is the Star, I cannot tell who keeps it; I believe it was the latter end of July, or thereabout.
You are coming to swear to a conversation, when you do not know the month, when you do not know the place, and yet your memory is so very accurate as to recollect the conversation; you shall go on, but it is at your own peril, that is all.
State the substance of this conversation, and the very words as you can state them?
I will; that man came and spoke to me and said, he had a notice to go to serve; the prisoner belonged to the Post Office; some years back he used to carry letters about; I am a shoe-maker; I never bailed three people in my life; I do not believe I bailed four people.
Where do you live?
In Three Manner Court, Fore Street, No. 1 and 2; I have two houses there; I am landlord of the houses; I have lived there between six and seven years.
Do you mean the last six or seven years?
Yes.
Did you never swear that you lived in Fleet Street, when you made an affidavit in the Court of King's Bench?
Never in my life.
Nor in the neighbourhood of Fleet Street?
Never.
