- I live at No. 28, Clipstone-street , I am a jeweller : On Saturday, the 2d of September, in the evening, I had been out to spend the evening with a friend, at the Crown, in Cranbourn-passage , I left that house about ten o'clock, and went immediatly home; some time after I had been at home I missed my watch; when I left the Crown in Cranbourn-passage it was in my pocket; next morning I went to Bow-street, and had hand-bills printed and delivered to the pawnbrokers from there; on Thursday I had a letter desiring me to attend there on Friday, that my watch was found; I attended, the watch was produced by the pawnbroker, Mr. Lane's servant; it was a metal gilt watch, the maker's name Robert Perry , and the number of the watch twenty-five; it had a silk ribbon very much worn, and one metal key, no seal.
I believe you knew the prisoner before?
I knew him by sight, I believe, twelve years before; I never spoke to him in my life.
You did not see him the day you lost your watch?
No.
Cranbourn-passage is a very light place, with candles in the windows?
Yes.
And you did not see him that day?
No.
It was three or four days after the hand-bills were distributed that the watch was pawned?
The hand-bills were not distributed till the Wednesday.
- I am journey man to Mr. Lane, pawnbroker, the corner of Smart's-buildings, Holborn: On Monday, the 4th of September, between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon, the prisoner at the bar came to our house, and offered this watch to pledge; he asked me twenty-five shillings on it, which I gave him without any hesitation.
Are you sure as to the person of the prisoner?
I am positive; on the Wednesday morning, receiving a hand-bill from Bow-street, I found that we had the watch; I went to Bow-street, and gave information of it; the prisoner told me he lodged at No.8, Belton-street, Long-acre; in consequence of which, I informed Croker, who went with me, and there we took him, but not at that number, there being no such number in the street, we took him at the Three-tons, in Belton-street.
What number was the Three-tons?
I cannot tell.
Do you know the number of either side?
No.
Are you positive that is the man?
Yes.
Did you know him before?
No.
There are a great many houses in that street?
Yes.
Twenty or thirty houses?
Yes.
Then you know there must have been No. 8, but you did not see it?
I did not.
You would have lent him more than twenty-five shillings upon it if he had asked it?
Yes.
And you found him in consequence of his giving you his name?
Yes.
In what name did he pledge it?
In the name of John Parr .
Did you hear him say any thing when he was taken into custody?
No; when Croker asked him where he had got the watch that he had pledged with me, he said he had it from one Solomons, a Jew; and turning round, and seeing me, he said, that is the gentleman I pledged it with.
- I am an officer belonging to Bow-street: In consequence of an information I received from Lamb, I went to Belton-street, to look for No 8, I went into a house belonging to a friend of mine, and asked him if he knew such a person as John Parr? he said, yes; he had formerly kept a public-house just by, and now lodged there; I went to the house, and asked for him, and was shewn him in the tap-room, drinking with company; I called him out, and he came with me immediately; the pawnbroker was there, and I asked him where he got the watch that he pledged with him; he said he got it from one John Solomons , a Jew; I said, immediately, to him, you must go with me before the Magistrate, to Bow-street, and he went very readily with me; I was going to search him, and immediately, without my searching him, he put his hand in his pocket and gave me the duplicate.
Did you know him before?
I might have seen him.
Do you know his way of livelihood?
I have heard that he deals in skins and furs.
It is very usual, I believe, at public-houses, that watches are left there for the purpose of being pawned?
Such things may be done.
I met John Solomons that day, says he, is there any of our people here? no, says I, you know they never come till eleven o'clock; he asked me to lend him a guinea; I told him I had not one; and he asked me to pledge the watch for him; he said, he had bought a lot and had not money enough to pay for it; and I went and pledged it for him, I have never seen him since; I have sent after him, several times, but since I have been taken up he has never been heard of at his house, where he has lived some years.
What are you?
I live independently: I have known him seven years, I always found him very honest; he has frequently received cash for me of my agents; I have frequently lost my gold watch with him when I have been going out to spend the evening.
You know there is a No. 8, in that street, I believe?
There was if it has not been effaced.
