I am a butcher , in Aldersgate-street ; the prisoner was a servant of mine; she had been with me about six weeks: On the 15th of February, I lost three 20l. Bank-notes; two 10l. Bank-notes, two Promissory-notes, and a pair of pockets; one of the notes was for 7l.11s.6d. and the other 12l.7s.; they were in a canvas bag, in my coat pocket, in my bed room; I had seen them there on the Sunday, the day before.
Had she access to your room?
Yes; she had; I took them out with me on the Sunday, and on the Monday I put on the same coat, but did not miss them till the Tuesday; I then went up and examined, and was very much alarmed, and related the loss of them to every body in the house; I told her, she must have seen them, for they were in my coat pocket; and, she said, she had seen them, and had them in her hand; she was the only maid-servant we had; we had a man-servant; she did not assign the reason why she went to my pocket; but she would not then give an account of what she had done with them; I have never had any of them again; one of them has since come into the Bank; the pockets were found upon her; she consetsed, before the Alderman, that she had taken them away.
I am the wife of the last witness, (produces a pair of pockets) they were found upon her when she was searched; I was present, and I told her she had a pair of my pockets on, and that she had no business with them; I was the second person that had seen her after the loss; I asked her what she had done with the notes; she said, she did not know, but Miss Alice, that is my daughter, saw them as well as her; I sent for my daughter, and asked her about the canvass bag; she went into the room for a constable's staff for her father; the prisoner was present; she said, she saw her put her hand into her father's pocket; she told her, she had no business to look in her father's pocket, or something of that sort; she confessed it to several people; I might say, if she would confess, I would be a friend to her, or something of that sort.
Did the prisoner say any thing to what your daughter said in her presence?
No; she never denied having them.
I am thirteen years of age.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
Yes; There was a woman beating a child facing our door; I said to my papa, that woman would kill the child, and my papa sent me up stairs for his staff, he is a constable; and I went up for it; he said, it was in his best coat pocket; I took it, and as I came round the foot of the bed, the maid had hold of the collar of his coat, and put her hand in the pocket; I told her she had no business to look there; and then I went down stairs; I did not say any more to her; I did not see her take any thing out; I left her with her hand in the pocket.
I was present when the prisoner was searched; there was a pair of pockets found upon her; I heard her confess before the Alderman, several times, that she had taken the property, and given it to a woman who lives in Goodman's-fields, of the name of Allen; she was in custody several days, and was subpoened, but she was out of town.
I believe you have been to the friends of the prisoner, since she has been in custody?
Yes.
Upon your oath, have you not said to them, it should be made up, if they would make you some recompence?
No.
Upon your oath, after this woman was committed for stealing the notes that are charged in this indictment, did you not go to her friends for the purpose of making up this matter, and receiving the difference of your loss?
I went to them.
Answer my question, sir; now did not you wish, in your own mind, to recover the loss you had sustained?
To be sure I did.
Then, upon your oath, did you not go to the prisoner's friends for the purpose of recovering your loss?
I told them, I thought, as honest people, if they knew any thing, they ought to make a discovery.
That was after you had been before the Magistrate, and the woman committed?
I don't know that it was.
Will you swear that it was not?
It is a month or two ago.
That it would be better for them if it was made up upon the payment of a sum of money?
No such thing.
Then tell those honest men what you did go for?
I went to endeavour to find out my property; I left not stone unturned to recover my property.
Then after this poor woman was committed, did you not go to her friends and offer to lose 10l. if you could recover the remaining part of your property?
I don't recollect that I did.
Remember, this poor woman's liberty, and, perhaps, life, is at stake?
I recollect saying, if the property was restored, if it was 10l. short, I should be glad to have it.
The girl confessed she had taken the notes, on the evening that she had been taken up.
After she had been examined by Mrs. Loose- ly?
Yes;
You must not tell us that.
I am a constable: On Tuesday the 16th of February, Mr. Loosely sent for me about six in the evening; he said, he had been robbed of notes; he gave me charge of the prisoner; about twelve o'clock at night, as I was taking her to the Comp ter, she confessed
That we must not hear.
I heard of my brother's loss, and I went up and heard what the girl said, that is all I know.
