I live at No. 83. Holborn-bridge , at Messrs. Strafford's and Smith's.
Do you know the defendant?
Yes, she came to our house the 27th of December last, about eleven o'clock in the morning; I served the prisoner with a skein of silk, a pennyworth, she was very particular in having a very small skein, and would not give more than a penny for it, and she gave me a good deal of trouble in changing for her. She gave me a good shilling, I gave her a sixpence and five pennyworth of halfpence, and particularly noticed the sixpence when I gave it her to be a particular large one, larger then they usually are; she returned me a counterfeit bad sixpence and told me I gave her that, as soon as I had given her the good sixpence she asked me to change the silk for a smaller skein, I then turned my back on the prisoner to change the silk, and I could not find one smaller than a penny, she then gave me a bad sixpence, she said she did not think it was a good one; it was a very bad one.
Are you sure that the sixpence she gave you, after you had given her one, was not the same that you had given her?
I am certain of it, or else I would not take an oath. I told her the sixpence was a bad one, it was not the one I had given her, she said it was the one, she had no other about her, I then asked her to open her hand, she seemed to have her hand shut.
Did she open her hand?
She refused to open it. I asked her again, and she refused it; I told her if she did not open it I would, I then got over the counter and opened her hand, and I found the sixpence there that I had given her, and four other very bad sixpences with it, all brass.
Had you returned the bad one she had given you?
No, I kept it in my hand.
Then there were five bad sixpences in all?
Yes, five in all.
If I understand you right you have kept that bad sixpence she uttered to you in your custody?
Yes, I have had it in my custody ever since, I have got it in my hand now.
Are you sure that is the sixpence that she gave you in return?
Yes.
Did you keep the others separate when you took the other four out of her hand?
I put the four together with the other, but I noticed it, and took the four from it, and gave them to the constable, and kept the one she uttered to me myself.
Are you sure that the other that had been mixed with the four, was the same that she uttered to you?
Yes, I am sure.
Now let us look at the good sixpence?
This is it, a very large one, if it had not been a very large one, I should not have known it perhaps.
What else did you do?
Then I sent for a constable, Mr. Reeves, and he took her into custody, and took her to the compter.
The gentleman speaks very much out of the way, he gave me the sixpence I returned him.
Court to Turton. She still sticks on it that the sixpence she uttered to you was the sixpence she had of you, will you venture, cooly and deliberately, to swear to the circumstance that the sixpence she returned to you, was not the sixpence that you gave to her?
I will.
You are a constable?
I was at this time. I was sent for by Mr. Strafford, the prisoner was in the shop when I came down, and this young man produced five sixpences in the whole, I desired him to pick out that sixpence that she uttered, which he did.
What did you do with the other four?
He delivered them into my custody. I went to her lodgings afterwards.
How did you know they were her lodgings?
The prisoner told me; I found there thirteen shillings and fourteen sixpences, all bad. They are in the state I found them in this bag.
My husband is at sea, and I took in a woman to lodge with me, and she gave me one sixpence to go and buy some butcher's meat, and the butcher objected to the sixpence; and I went to this shop and offered him a shilling, and he gave me the sixpence that I offered to change again; they searched my box and found nothing in my box; if I had known the money was in my place, I should not have sent the gentleman to my place.
Court to Reeves. Where did you find these at her lodgings?
In the cradle under the child.
Is that good or bad?
It is a good sixpence. (Another shewn him. the one she offered to have changed) That appears to have some silver in it.
Do you believe it to be a counterfeit?
I do. (Four others shewn him) They are all counterfeit.
