I am a linen-draper , No. 13. Mary-le-bonne-street, Golden-square, in partnership with my son; his name is John.
Look at the prisoner at the bar, do you recollect his applying to you at any time in October last?
Yes, on Friday, the 26th of October, about three o'clock, he came into my shop, and wanted to look at some Irish cloth; I was busy with a customer, and the next witness, Jackson, will inform you what he was served with; while I was writing at the desk, my servant came and brought me a check upon Sir James Esdaile .
By a check, do you mean an order for payment of money?
Yes, I do.
Do you know from whom he received that?
No; I looked at it, and the prisoner called out, and said, Mr. Patrick, it is as good as the Bank.
I am servant to Mr. Patrick: On the 26th of October the prisoner at the bar came into our shop; Mr. Patrick was in the shop; I shewed him a piece of Irish, a yard of cambric, a yard of muslin, in all amounting to 5l.5s. 3d. which he bought; he then presented to me a check; he said, he had not quite enough cash in his pocket; I gave the check to Mr. Patrick; the prisoner then said, it was as good as the Bank; Mr. Patrick gave him 2l. 9s. 6d. in change; the check was for 7l. I4s. 4d.; he then desired the goods to be sent to Rathbone-place, to a feather warehouse; I took them to the house, it was a Mr. Lewis's.
Did you see the prisoner there?
No.
Did you enquire for him?
Yes, by the name of Lewis, he gave me no other name.
Did he say his name was Lewis?
No, he desired them to be sent to Mr. Lewis.
He did not tell you his name then?
No, he did not.
When you got to Rathbone-place, you found Mr. Lewis's, but did not see the prisoner?
I did not.
When did you see the prisoner afterwards?
On the 24th of November, at the office, in Hatton-garden.
You did not know this person at all?
No.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
No.
Nor you did not see the prisoner at all till the 24th of November, which is about a month after the transaction?
No, I did not.
You never saw the prisoner before?
To the best of my knowledge I never did.
How long might he continue in the shop with your master and you?
Near half an hour, I cannot exactly say the time.
When you saw him, did you know him again?
I did.
Have you the shadow of a doubt at this moment, that he is the same man you saw in your shop, or not?
I am certain he is.
I am son of the prosecutor; I took the check to the bankers, Sir James Esdaile , Hammett, and Esdaile's.
Was the money paid?
The clerk paid me down the money at first, and then said, you will stop a minute, if you please.
What is the clerk's name?
Beesley, I think; he then went to the other side of the shop, and talked to another clerk; he shewed him the check, and then came and told me it was not worth any thing; he hoped we had not given the value for it.
In short, he refused to pay it?
Yes, I brought the check home, and gave it my father.
This is the check I received from Jackson.
I received this form the prisoner.
How do you know that is the check you received from the person who bought those goods?
It has got my name upon it.
Did you put your name upon it before you gave it to Mr. Patrick?
No.
I received it from Jackson, and put it among my other notes, till I sent my son to the banker's with it; Jackson did not put his name upon it till two hours after.
Are you sure that is the check you received from Jackson?
Yes.
What was the change you gave him?
2l. 9s. 6d.
The goods you sold were 5l. 5s. 3d.?
Yes; he called to me, and said, do not you give a discount for ready money; I said, I supposed our young man had sold the goods as low as he could, and therefore I could not afford to allow a discount, and I believe he had six-pence or seven-pence abated.
I am a teller, or cashier, in Sir James Esdaile 's house.
Do you remember one of the witnesses coming to you with that check - have you seen that check before?
I am not certain that I have.
Do you recollect any person coming with a check?
I cannot say I did.
Then do you know the hand-writing of William Golding ?
No, I know no such person.
Then there is no such person as William Golding that keeps cash at your house?
No.
Where is the shop that you keep?
No. 21, Lombard-street.
I see that is dated No. 2I, Lombard-street?
It is one of our shop checks.
There is no person of that name in your house?
None.
Do you know any person of that name, William Golding , in Lombard-street?
No.
You do not know whether there may not be a recent account opened in that name?
I know that there is not.
You are not certain of the check, nor the person?
No.
Look at that check again, and tell me whether you recollect the gentleman that stands by you?
Yes, I do, perfectly well.
Mr. Beesley was in the shop at the time?
Yes.
You are sure you presented the check to him?
Yes, I am; I then carried it home, and gave it to my father.
The knowledge you have, of who has an account opened or not, is from your books?
Yes.
It must be a reference to a book which furnishes you with the knowledge whether there is or not an account opened?
Yes.
That book is not here?
No.
Does your house keep accounts but in a book?
Certainly not.
Have you looked carefully over your books?
I have; I can venture safely to swear there is no such account in the books.
I am an officer belonging to Hatton-garden Office, the prisoner was brought to the office; Joseph Inwards and I searched him in the office, and found this check in his pocket, in a small leather purse; there were two half-guineas and three shillings besides in the purse.
That check is upon another house, we cannot enquire into that.
searched the prisoner in our office, and found upon him these checks (producing them) four filled up, and six blank.
Look at that check, (the check in question); do they appear to be in the same hand-writing?
They are all the same hand-writing, and this is signed William Golding; here are two others in the same name.
Of whom does your house consist?
Peter Esdaile , Sir Benjamin Hammett , William Esdaile, and John Hammett .
You live in Wood-street, and are one of the Aldermen of the City of London?
Yes; I have known the young man at the bar seven or eight years, his father was a very respectable agent to our house; when he came to London, I took some pains to get a situation for him; I went to Smith and Payne's, bankers, I recommended him there, and I observed that he made great improvement, and was a very clever young man.
How long ago is that?
There or four years.
This young man, by recommendation of Sir John Eamer , was taken into your house?
Yes; he was in our house, as a clerk, nearly five years.
And your's is a banking-house?
Yes; during the time he was in our house, he behaved with the greatest integrity, and I certainly had a high opinion of him.
Your's being a banking-house, of course he had opportunities of being dishonest to a considerable amount, if he had so thought sit?
Certainly.
I am retired from business, I live at Pancras; I have known the prisoner from his early youth, I have been intimately acquainted with his family, he is a young man of unshaken integrity; I have looked at him, and seen a particular energy and attention in his daily employment.
