I live at Hammersmith terrace , No.1, in the county of Middlesex, a neighbour of Mr. Pruden's. On the 12th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon as near as I can guess, I was called into my shop to serve half a pound of lump sugar, I perceived a strange young man about five yards from the shop making water, seemingly a stranger; I watched and see he went about ten yards up the lane, and passed the trap door of the cellar, and looked into the house, and he went about thirty yards farther, and my eye watching that man round, I saw the prisoner at the bar in the garden, unpegging the linen from the line; when he got them off the line he threw the pegs on the ground, and put the linen over the sence on some planks, and jumped over the sence, and I ran up close to him, and asked him what he did with that linen?
Did he jump into the same place where he put the linen?
One hand was on the linen when I came up to him. When I came up to him I said, what do you do with that linen? says he, they are not your's; says I, are they your's? yes, says he; no, says I, they are not, they belong to the landlord, Mr. Pruden, with that he attempted to knock me down; says I, don't strike, but go up with me to the landlord's, and he went with me to the door, and I called out, Pruden, here is a man that has stole your linen; and he ran up a lane about half a mile long, but Mr. Pruden ran out and took him before he was out of my sight. I am certain of the man because he has lost his left eye.
At the justice's you said there were three handkercheifs, and afterwards you said they were not hung out, and afterwards the magistrate scratched it out, he cannot deny it.
There was a cloth put at the bottom of the basket that the things were put in, and that was put down at first, and we told the magistrate the next morning that that was not stole, and it was struck out. I put my mark on the linen, and I have never seen them since till now; they are the same, there is my mark on them, three black stitches that I put in every one.
They are my property, I have three shirts that have buttons and botton holes at the wristbands, and the other is my little boy's shirt, his name is marked in India ink, in full; the linen sheet is marked in my name.
Do you know any thing of this man?
No, but I understand his name is James Cox, and he lives in Tottenham court road.
