I am a servant to Mr. Ratten. On Monday evening, about eight o'clock, the man came into our shop, the man Edward Murray did, it was on the 24th of January, and he asked for a penny candle; I asked him which he pleased to have, a long one or a middling one? he said a middling one; I cut him a middling candle, and he throwed down a six-pence, I looked at it, and told him I thought it was not a good one, (we sell candles, cheese, butter, and every thing in chandlery,) I sent out for six-penny worth of halfpence, I sent it out; he put it down, I gave it to Hannah Tabley, and she took it over to Mr. Brisen's, the baker, she came back, and I asked her for the change; she said Mr. Brison was coming in with it, and Mr. Brison followed in immediately, and Mr. Brison came in with the six-pence, and said it was not a good one, and searched him, and found
two more on him, and he asked him if he had not more about him? he said he had one more shilling about him; Mr. Brison asked him if he would let him look at it? and Mr. Brison looked at it, and that was a very good one, Mr. Brison asked him if he had got any more? and he said no.
Did you observe where he took that thilling from?
No, I did not. Mr. Brison asked him if he had got any more to pull out? if not he would search him, for he had authority.
Did Mr. Brison search him?
Yes, he was going to search him, and the prisoner pulled out two six-pences out of his pocket, and was going to drop them, and Mr. Brison took them out of his hand.
In what way did the prisoner take them out?
I did not see, but I saw the six-pence when Mr. Brison took it out of his hand, and I saw him take them out of his hand.
What was done with all that money?
I don't know.
My girl, do you know what will become of you if you swear false?
Yes, go to the naughty man.
Did you serve in the shop of Mr. Ratten's?
No.
Do you remember being there on the 24th of January last?
Yes.
Did you see the prisoner there?
Yes. The servant Mackerell gave me a six-pence to go and get change at Mr. Brison's, I went to Mr. Brison's, and he looked at it, and said it was a very bad one.
Did you deliver it to Mr. Brison?
Yes, and he brought it back with me to the shop.
The last witness applied to me for sixpenny worth of halfpence, in change for six-pence; I looked at the six-pence and I saw it was a bad one; says I, did the servant give you this six-pence? I took the six-pence back, there I saw the prisoner, I asked him if he had got any more money? he said, yes, he had one shilling, which he produced, one from his right side breeches pocket, that was a good shilling; I said, have you got any more? he said no, he had not got any money about him; says I, if you have any more produce it, and if you do not produce it yourself, I will search you, he then took out a second shilling, which was also good, from the same side; says I, have you got any more money? says he, no; says I, I am determined to search you; I had hold of him to search him, and he pulls out one bad six-pence out of his pocket in this manner, behind him, from the same side; I am certain of it, I then took him by the hand, says I, what have you got here? only sixpence, says he; I then took and searched his pockets, and I found another bad sixpence.
Did you take any thing from him when he said only six-pence?
I catched his hand and opened his hand, and took the six-pence.
Was that taken from the same pocket from whence he took the shillings?
It was from the same side, he had on two pair of breeches.
Where did you take the last sixpence from?
From the same side out of the pocket of an under pair of breeches.
Could you distinguish whether they all came from one pocket?
I could not, having two pair of breeches on.
Have you kept all the three sixpences?
Yes.
You carried him to the Computer, I believe, immediately?
I did.
Did you search him again?
An officer that was there searched in my presence, and fourteen-pence halfpenny farthing was found on him in copper, it
appeared to be taken from the under pair of breeches.
Have you the three six-pences in your possession?
I have.
Can you distinguish which was the one that was brought to you?
Yes, I marked them.
I searched the prisoner, and in his second breeches right hand pocket, I found this fourteen-pence halfpenny farthing in copper, which I have kept in that state ever since.
Did he deny having it there?
I did not ask him.
Where they breeches or trowsers over the breeches, or two pair of breeches?
They were a pair of trowsers, and a pair of breeches underneath.
I am a silversmith; I attend to examine the money for the Mint prosecutions. These three six-pences are every one counterfeits, and nearly alike, as nearly as possible.
The humble defence of Edward Murray, sheweth, That he was committed to prison, for offering a piece of counterfeit money, resembling a six-pence. Not knowing it to be a counterfeit, deign, my Lord and Gentlemen, to permit an unhappy captive to let his defence be read, not having fluency of speech to speak. About the latter end of January, having occasion to buy a candle, I went into a shop for that purpose, and paying, as I thought, a good six-pence, the shop-keeper, not having change, she sent her servant to get it, who returned and brought a constable with her, who insisted on searching me, and found two bad six-pences on me, which I took as good, but they shewed they were bad, by wearing them in my pocket, and of course did you offer to pass them; I had likewise fourteen-pence in halfpence in my pocket, the property of another labourer, who worked with me, but having a hole in his pocket, he desired me to put it in mine; all of which money was taken from me by the constable. I humbly beg leave to implore you that I am innocent of offering the money, knowing it to be bad, as I had not long before taken it before for good for my labour; I have bad, for two days past, people to prove it, and having nothing but my labour to depend upon, humbly beg that this honourable Court will consider my case, and mitigate it according to your wisdom and judgment.
