I am a floor cloth painter ; I lost twelve yards of black oil cloth, I lost several pieces, I think I found this one on Wednesday the 6th of November, on Tuesday it was found at a public house that my porter used, the prisoner was my porter at this time; it was found behind St. Clement's, near two hundred yards perhaps from my house.
In whose hands did you find it in the public house?
I did not see it first in any body's hands, it was in the bar at the public house, with a great coat belonging to the porter, I see the great coat with it.
How came you there?
On the preceeding day, Tuesday, I lost a piece of floor cloth, a particular piece; Wednesday I missed the porter, he went out to breakfast, and did not return that day; I presumed he had gone off; I went to his lodgings for this piece of cloth, he was not at home; I found out the publick house that he frequented; I did not find that piece that I knew was lost, but I found the piece stated in the indictment.
Do you know of yourself that he used this public house?
No more than what my clerk told me.
Who did you receive this piece of cloth of?
I have not received it yet; it is in the hands of the constable now; I saw it first in the bar of the public house.
Did you see it delivered to the constable?
I did.
Should you know it again was you to see it?
Certainly.
Was there any thing about it by which you know it to be your's?
Yes, I knew it by a particular mark; the fellow piece is in court; I know it by the particular make of it, and the number of it.
Do you remember the No.?
126. I knew it to be mine immediately.
When you went home did you miss such property, or can you swear that such property was missing, after seeing this at the public house?
After seeing that at the public house I went home and I missed it; I am positive of its being mine, I never made but fifteen of this sort, and this is one of the fifteen, and this was missing.
What become of the other pieces, had you sold them?
part of them; the rest were at home, two pieces are gone to Manchester.
How do you know that this piece that you saw at the public house, was not one of the pieces that you sent to Manchester?
It was not the same number.
This gentleman hired me as a porter, and he keeps two shops.
I am a shopman to Mr. Bulmer; Mr. Bulmer sent his clerk in the morning to Jones's lodgings the day this property was found, and he could not find him the day he went away; in the afternoon I went to the public house in St. Clement's to look for him, there I found him asleep on a table; I enquired if he had brought any thing there that day; I found a piece of black oil cloth there in the bar.
Does any body know how they came there?
They told me that Jones brought it there; the boy is here that took it of him, it was left in the care of the landlord till I went and acquainted Mr. Bulmer of having found it, and he sent for a constable and had him taken up; the constable has the care of the property.
They told me that if I would tell who the man was that took another piece that they saw go away with it, they would freely forgive me?
I told him if he acquainted us who had taken the other pieces it would be better for him.
Was you sworn before?
I cannot say, whether I was sworn or no.
What will become of you, if you tell a story?
I shall go to the naughty man.
Tell us all the truth, that you know. Whose boy are you?
Mr. Webber's; my father's brother keeps the public house. I live at that public house.
Look at the prisoner, and see if you know him?
Yes, I know him.
Did he ever use to come to your house at any time?
He never brought any thing, but that piece of oil-cloth.
What day of the week was it?
I cannot say; I have got such a bad memory, how long it is ago.
What was the colour of the oilcloth?
I think it was a black; he put it into my hands, and told me to put it under a great coat; and I took it from him, and put it there; I was in the bar, when I took it from him.
Who had it from that bar?
I was out when they came for it.
Do you know at all, whether this gentleman had it after you took it from the prisoner?
I don't know.
Have you ever seen it, since you took it of the prisoner?
Yes.
Should you know it again?
Yes.
The same day, I saw a man in the place with an oil-cloth under his arm, drinking a pint of beer, and I dare say, he saw me. The boy said before, that he never saw me but three times in his life.
Are you sure, that this is the man that left that cloth with you?
Yes, that is the same man.
I am a constable. I produce some black oil-cloth, I had it from the Crooked Billet, at the bottom of Wych-street, the house the boy speaks of. I got it from the landlord; the prisoner was in the house laying with his head on the table.
What day was it, do you remember?
The sixth day in the evening, about six or seven o'clock at night, I have kept it ever since.
See whether that is the piece or not?
That is the same piece, I know it by this stamp, the duty mark, and because it is not cut even.
See what number it is.
It is the same number as I presumed it was, 126. My man is in Court that made it, and he has a private mark on it.
I made it, and here is my marks on it, three marks; they had only fifteen pieces of this sort. I sent it all home to my master's house. I work for Mr. Bulmer. I manufacture for them.
I cannot explain my words so plain, because I cannot talk English, which I hope you will excuse. I hired myself to Mr. Bullmer, he keeps two shops. I used to pull his truck, &c. And I used to drink at this public house, and that child used to drink rather too much, when his uncle was out of the way; and my master saw some man go away with a floor-cloth, and he came to me, and asked me, whether I knew the man that had taken the cloth out of his house? and told me, if I would tell, he would forgive me; and wanted to persuade the boy, that I left that piece there. Mr. Bulmer's house is a lodging-house, and the lodgers have as much liberty of going through the warehouse as he himself; and there was a man seen go with an oil-cloth away that day, as I was told; the clerk knew that I was going away from the place; his place would not suit me.
Did you know that he was going away from his place?
No.
Did you know that he was going away?
No.
