I am a constable and patrole of Dowgate Ward. About six o'clock last Monday night I was going my round, I saw the prisoner at the bar just going by me, I was just going across the lane where he was going up, I was going by Bush-lane, he had this bundle under his arm; I stepped up to him, I said, my friend, what have you got? he said he had got nothing but an empty bag; I asked him if there were any thing in it? he said, no. I felt the bag, and I thought there was something in; he said no; I felt the bag and I thought there was something in it, and I found in it the indigo which it contains, I have kept it till now; I asked him how he came by it? he said he found it. I took him down to where he worked, he worked with Edward Hanson, and Co.
I said I had got something in my bag, and he says, I said nothing.
What did you see in these parcels?
Indigo. I examined the samples and went down to the chest where they were taken from, and I am positive they are the same sort; one parcel was taken out of the chest where there is but a small parcel of indigo, not common; they were taken out of two different parcels and two different sorts.
How many sorts were there in the bag?
Two sorts.
Were they blended together or separate?
They were in separate papers, they are in separate papers now.
Is there the same quantity found as you missed?
That we cannot tell, because the chests are repacked, whether there was more or less lost I cannot tell.
Do you know whether that corresponded with what came out of the chest?
I am sure this came out of the chest.
I worked with Messrs. Hanson, Pearson, Stiles, and Pearson; I worked with them sometime, and on Monday I went first to Chequer-yard, there I continued till half past two o'clock, first piling some wool, then I went down to pile some silks, then I went from there and went to my dinner, and a man came in and said, Green, you must go with me; I immediately went with him, it was then a quarter after three; I went with him to the Steel-yard, and worked with him twenty minutes or a quarter of an hour; I came up again, and Mr. Green ordered me to go with this man up to the warehouse, in Mud-lane, which I did; when we had done I asked this man to lock up while I went down into the necessary, says I, I shall be off nearly as soon as you. I went down to the necessary, and afterwards, in running along Thames-street, I picked up this sack, I saw it laving as I ran by, I ran by it and saw it, and went back and took it up; afterwards I met this man, Wainwright, and he said, Green, what have you got there? but before this' I went and threw it into Mr. Barker's, the public house were we are paid; I goes to Mr. Pearson's and there I gets my note for my day's work, two shillings, I goes and gets my two shillings, and has a pint of beer and drinks it; a man says to me there, what will you have for this sack? I said, you shall have it for a shilling, not noticing then there was any thing in it; after I got out and was a little up Bush-lane I thought I felt somewhat, and then I met Wainwright, he said, what have you got there? says I, I don't know, and with that he took me to the counting house. I have no witnesses: if Mr. Wainwright had got that man for me that he promised to do, he would be a witness; and Mr. Hanson knows, and Mr. Pearson and them, that I have never been in the indigo warehouse since I have been in the Steel-yard. Mr. Hanson weighed the chests, and the chests weighed the gross weight as when they came.
I went down and desired the merchants clerk to weigh it, and one was weighed by those that, no doubt, had a hand in taking it.
