I am in the service of the East India Company: I was going through the lobby of the play-house: the crowd was very great. I was asked by Hannah Green ; why I did not call on her? and my answer was, that I visited her sister: the play was near over: I was stopped by the crowd near the middle of the lobby: a gentleman, Mr. Williams, who is not here, stood on my right hand; and fronting me, close against me was the prisoner; I felt a pressure on my thigh; soon after that, I drew back, and found my breeches pocket unbuttoned, which I had buttoned just before: I immediately seized hold of the prisoner, and said, you have taken my purse? the prisoner said, who, I? I insisted it was him; upon which, the prisoner said he had not: about that time, I heard a purse drop on the ground; I stooped down and picked it up, and seized the prisoner; the prisoner avowed his innocence; I again seized the prisoner as the person who had taken my purse; he continued to assert his innocence; but as I was convinced he was the person that had taken it, I called for a constable, and gave him in charge: there were three ten pound notes, and three guineas in the purse: I have the purse here; I am sure it is mine: upon his calling to a woman, Hannah Green , and saying did you see me take the purse? she said, I did see you take it: I know the woman; I have seen her in the lobby; she said, you never call on us; as I know her sister, I said, my acquaintance was with your sister; that was all.
I take it for granted, there were a great many ladies of the same sort, in the lobby at that time?
There was: the prisoner was close up to me: the lady was standing near me.
And I think you described before the magistrate, a sort of a tremulous motion that you felt on your thigh?
I did.
Nothing of your's was found on the prisoner?
Nothing but his own property: I took Mrs. Green to Sir Samson's, at the prisoner's request.
Upon the first representation of your story, if I understand you right, you went without Mrs. Green?
Yes.
Upon that, the prisoner alledged that at the time he was charged, he asserted his innocence; and applied to a lady (that was Mrs. Green) by saying, Madam, did you see me?
Yes.
Then Sir Sampson thought it necessary Mrs. Green should be sent for?
Yes.
Then the production of this witness, who was out of town, and who has occasioned the prisoner to lay in gaol since last sessions, was occasioned by the prisoner himself?
Yes, it was.
You for prudential family reasons, would chose to have kept her back?
I would.
I was in the lobby of Covent-garden Play-house, speaking to Mr. Beby; and I saw the prisoner put his hand in Mr. Beby's pocket, and take out his purse; I do not recollect the colour of his purse; I cannot positively tell; he let the purse fall instantly.
Was his eye upon you at that time?
I do not know; I was too confused.
Was you near the prosecutor at that time?
He was standing almost on one side of me; and that man came from one side to the other, and came between us both: I did not observe any friend with Mr. Beby.
Was you acquainted with Mr. Beby before?
Yes.
How long?
I cannot say.
Did you make any out-cry about this?
I just nudged his shoulder.
That would not have conveyed any important information?
I thought it would.
Had you been in the same box with him?
I had been in different boxes, just as I pleased.
We had not the pleasure of seeing you last sessions?
No, Sir, I was out of town.
Was not you bound over to attend?
I do not know, I am sure.
Did not you enter into a recognizance to attend?
I do not know.
Shall I take the liberty to ask where you was?
I was at Bath.
It was suggested that the prisoner had procured you to abscond: had he so procured you?
No, upon my honour, not at all.
Then your absence was merely matter of accident, and not design?
Yes.
Do you remember the prisoner asking you if you saw any thing of the kind?
Yes, he did; and I said, yes.
Do you live now where you used to do when this happened?
Yes, I do; I always live in the same place when I am in town.
God forbid I should restrict your liberty?
I should be sorry you should, or any body else.
No, the public would be very much injured by it, to be sure?
You must judge about that.
I have not the pleasure of going so often to the play-house as you do?
How do you know, pray, how often I go; I go to the play-house when I please, I dare say; I do not see why you need ask me about it.
Do not be angry; it does not become you to be angry: if you knew how much pleasanter you look when you are in good humour, you would not. You did not attend at Bow-street the first time?
Yes, I did.
No, not the first time?
I do not know; I went when I was asked to go by the gentleman.
What was you talking to Mr. Beby about; was not you upbraiding him for not calling to see you?
No, I was not: I had no occasion to do that.
You know the least chiding from you, one should consider as an upbraiding: had not you been hinting it to him?
You must excuse my telling you what I was asking him about.
No, I cannot, nor the Jury will not?
Mr. Beby had been in Ireland, and I was asking him about friends in Ireland.
You had some friends that he was acquainted with?
Yes.
There was no complaints on your part, that he did not call so often as you wished?
Good God! I never thought of such a thing.
Of course, you did not say any thing of this kind: why we never see you now; you never call upon us now; why do not you call?
No, I never said any such thing.
Was that the first time you saw him since he came over from Ireland?
No, it was not: I had no occasion to complain of his visits, for I was very glad to see him.
And his visits were not unfrequent?
I declare I cannot tell any thing about that.
But however, you felt that you had no reason to complain that he did not visit you so frequent as you wished?
Certainly not.
Now, though I am a very unfashionable fellow, I should like to know how it was that your eye was fixed on Mr. Beby's breeches pocket: you are not one of the bashful sort, that do not look people in the face: how happened it in such a conversation, your eye should be fixed so much on the breeches pocket?
Why, Sir, his making such a squeeze, made me look down; when I saw his hand in his pocket, I looked down, because I saw the man make such an uncommon bustle.
You have talked a little about this since it happened?
Talked a little.
Have you never said now, that you expected Mr. Beby would be a better friend to you than before?
No, Sir, I have no friend in Mr. Beby; you are quite mistaken in that, I assure you.
Have you a sister?
I have.
Does she live in the same house with you?
She does.
A sister by the same father and mother?
We call relations now and then.
Which was acquainted with Mr. Beby, you or your sister?
Why he was both our acquaintance; we were in company together.
I will speak if you please. May it please your lordship, and the gentlemen of the jury: in addition to the misfortune of standing here, accused of a crime I never committed, I have also the misfortune of being incapable of doing myself justice equal to the prosecutor, however deceived and mistaken he has been: and my lord, as this circumstance happened at the play-house, in a great crowd of people, where the first gentleman or tradesman might be laid hold of, it is not impossible that the prosecutor might be mistaken in what he has sworn: I trust, my lord, that my inability and ignorance to defend myself against such a charge, however false, will not be construed into guilt: I shall therefore rest my defence intirely on the justice and candour of this honourable Court. As to the evidence of Hannah Green , I hope, gentlemen, it will not have any weight with you; I hope you will take her evidence into consideration, and judge according to her situation in life; that it will have no credit with you, where it affects the liberty of a subject whose character was never called into question before this unfortunate time.
