I have known the prisoner ever since last May: On Thursday the 7th of June, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I and Marsden the officer met the prisoner at the bar, in Fleet-market; he said, Houghton, who is this man with you? I said, a friend of mine; upon that I told him, I was going to different places with an EO table, and I should want a vast deal; I told him that Marsden was the man that was to work the table for me; we went into a public-house, and he brought out his money; he gave me forty-two pieces, and I gave him a guinea which had been marked by Marsden; it was past nine o'clock before we came from the Public-office; I went home to lock them up, and how it was I don't know, but I lost seven of them before I got to the office.
Had you any other counterfeit money about you, but that which you received from the prisoner?
A. I had neither copper, silver, or gold.
I am a Police-officer: I went to a public-house in Fleet-market, with the last witness, on the 7th of June, in the evening; before I went, I marked a guinea; when we were in the house, Houghton asked me to lend him a guinea, upon which I picked out the marked guinea, which he gave the prisoner, and the prisoner gave him forty-two shillings, and counted them before me; Gilbert said to me, you may as well have half a piece, I refused; then he said, he had got a quarter of a piece, that I should have for five shillings; I immediately took him into custody, I searched him, and took some bad money from him, which I have here.
Look at these thirty-five pieces, and tell us it they are good shillings?
These are all counterfeit.
Houghton is a man of infamous character, he is a common informer, he said, he should pass all those to night, and he should want some more to-morrow; accordingly, the next day, he wanted Marsden to let him have seven more to make up the number, for he had passed seven of them.
Houghton asked me to let him have seven of mine, to make up the number, as he had lost seven, and I told him I should do no such thing.
You stand convicted of felony, what have you to say for yourself, why you should not receive judgment, to die according to law?
I pray the benefit of the statute.
Prisoner, what you have heard just now read is an allegation that you have been previously convicted, about two years ago, of another offence, of uttering copper money for less than it imported to be worth, and that if you were so, you are not entitled to the benefit of clergy; what have you to say in answer to that charge, of having been so convicted two years ago of another offence, namely, that of uttering copper for less than it imported to be worth?
I thought it was not a capital offence the second time.
Were you convicted two years ago of that offence?
It was only three papers of halfpence, I did not sell them to the man - I was cruelly used.
Do you admit that you are the man that was then convicted - you may say, you were, or you may say you were not.
I leave it to your Lordship.
You cannot leave it to me- were you or not convicted two years ago of putting off bad halfpence, at a less price than they imported to be worth?
No, it was my brother, I believe.
Then they must prove that you are the man.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street office; I know the prisoner Gilbert perfectly well.
Do you remember his being tried in December 1795?
Yes.
Is the prisoner the man that was then tried?
The identical man.
What was he tried for?
Putting off bad money.
Was he convicted?
He was convicted.
He may say what he will, it was not me.
Gentlemen of the Jury, the only question for you to try is, whether this man is the same person, who was convicted in December, 1795, for putting off bad copper. The record of conviction has been read to you, by which you see John Gilbert and Ann Gilbert were tried here for the offence of putting off bad copper. Then the question is, whether the prisoner at the bar is the man who was so convicted, and John Wray is called, who tells you, that he is the man.
We find that he is the same person.
Prisoner, the offence of which you have been convicted here, during this session, is that of putting off to one William Houghton, forty-two pieces of counterfeit milled money, to the likeness of a shilling, not being cut in pieces and which you put off at a lower rate than they imported to be worth, that is to say, these forty-two counterfeit shillings, for the sum of one guinea, which is just half what they would have been worth, if they had been genuine pieces of money. As to what you said sometime ago, that the offence of which you have now been convicted is not a capital offence; if it had rested by itself, and there had been no former bad conduct on your part, amounting to a felony, it would have been, as you suppose, it would not have been a capital offence; but our ancestors have very wisely, for the public, provided, that men shall not be permitted to offend, from time to time, and be allowed the indulgence of what is called, a clergy, when they are called up to say whether they have any thing to alledge against a sentence of death being passed upon them in a case of felony. It is now a great many years ago, as far back as the reign of Henry VII . when the legislature, in considering this question, I think wisely concluded, that any man, who had once had the benefit of clergy allowed to him, should not, for any future crime, be entitled to that benefit. If a man had been convicted of a felony, and was entitled to his clergy, that proceeded wholly from the lenity, and from the mercy of the law of this land; that lenity was founded upon the idea, or at least the hope, that the man who had been convicted of a felony, might see the extent of his guilt which he had committed, that he might repent, and might afterwards become a useful member of society; but they were satisfied, that as men were so hardened in their dispositions, that by their future conduct, they proved to the world, that they were unworthy of the mercy that had been shewn to them; it should not be extended to a second crime, and therefore, at the time I mentioned to you, the legislature provided, that no man, who had once had his clergy, should have it again; perhaps, in making that provision, they rightly attended to the interests of the public at large - we do find, from the records of cases which have passed in the Courts of Justice of this country, that in the last century it hardly ever happened, that a man, who was convicted of a second felony, was suffered to pass without undergoing the execution of that judgment, which it is my duty to pronounce upon you - perhaps the practice of that time might be more beneficial to the public than that which has prevailed in later times - undoubtedly, we do find, that at the period when that rule was attended to felonies, bore no proportion to what they do in the present day. If the lenity of Courts of Justice has contributed to the multiplication of crimes, it is much to be lamented. It has been the practice, not only of this Court, but of all criminal Courts, to look with an eye of compassion upon the case of the prisoners who are tried; and if any circumstances can be found, which, in any degree, will justify a Court, in interposing in favour of a prisoner, and in lessening that share of punishment which belonged to his crimes, the Courts have most readily interfered; and I am afraid, that in many instances, they have done it beyond what the interest and welfare of the public would warrant. But when we come to the case of second offences, the hands of Courts are considerably tied down; for, by the statute that I have stated, the legislature has provided, that in cases which otherwise would not be liable to the punishment of death, if they come before the Court as a second offence, if it be proved that the prisoner, guilty of that offence, has previously committed another, for which he has been allowed his clergy, that shall not be allowed again, and if the clergy be not allowed, nothing remains, but the Court is bound to pass judgment. There is no case in which, by the laws of this country, our most gracious Sovereign, from whom mercy flows, may not, if he thinks sit, in his wisdom, relax the rigour of the law; but if it be established in this place, that an offender, standing at this bar, has been already allowed his clergy for a former felony, the law says, that for a second felony, on conviction, he is liable to suffer death, and therefore, in the situation in which you stand, it is the bounden duty of the Court to pass that sentence upon you, which is, that you be taken from hence, to the place from whence you came, that from thence you be carried to the place of execution, there to be hanged by the neck until you are dead - and may God Almighty have mercy on your soul .
