I live in Kirby-street, Hatton-garden, in the parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn; I went to get in my pots myself on the 8th of December; when I went to No. 22, Charles-street, Hatton-garden ; I had sent two pint pots to that house the over night, and when I came to fetch them, the person whom I used to serve with beer, had put them in the stair case window, I found only one, but I had missed one about a week before.
We can only go on one, there ought to have been two different counts. Of which have you the best evidence?
That of the 7th at night; I found it in the prisoner's pocket myself; he is a taylor , he lodged at the house at the time, he said he had put it in his pocket with intent to bring it home.
Was he charged with it?
Yes, in my hearing; he was charged with having the pots in his possession, and he denied it.
When was he charged with it?
On the 8th of December, he said he had not got them.
How long was it before you searched him?
It was at the same time we went to search him.
Knapp. What public house do you keep?
The Hole in the Wall, Kirby-street, Hatton-garden.
You had been to send liquor to this house before?
I had.
I understand, at the first, before you made any search at all, this man denied having any pots in his possession?
Yes.
He had dealt at your house before?
He had not.
But the house had?
The woman that I served in the house had put them in the stair case window, she always put them there.
I am an officer of Hatton-garden; on the 8th of December, this gentleman came to the office for a search warrant, I went to execute the warrant with him; I see the prisoner and I told him I had a warrant to search his apartment after one pint pot, after I had searched a considerable time Mr. Born touched me on the shoulder, and said, I had no occasion to search him any longer.
Did you see any thing taken out of the prisoner's pocket?
I took one out of his right hand pocket.
Is the pot here?
Yes. (Produced.)
Knapp. What office do you belong to?
To Hatton-garden.
You heard the prisoner say that he was going to take them home?
I believe I did.
Have you any doubt that he did say so?
No, I have no doubt about it.
I his is my pot which I can swear to; that is the pot I lost on the 8th. I. F. B. on the handle; James Born , Hole in the Wall, Kirby-street, Hatton garden, No. 53, on the side of the pot.
One day as I was coming up stairs, I took the pot out of the window to take some warer up in it, and when I was asked at first I forgot it, and said I had none, and I was so terrisied seeing it along with my rags while they were searching that I put it in my pocket in order to put it out of the door, and they detected me.
