I am a linen draper in Oxford-street . I lost the cotton on Thursday the 7th of November; these printed cottons I lost with some others that were tied at the door. I saw the prisoner looking at these things; after she had looked at them, and examined them some little time, she made a motion to come into the shop; she put one foot upon the threshold of the door, and without any questions, or looking to see if she saw any body, she immediately turned short, and went round the corner of our house, the corner of Oxford-market Court; I suspected her going to take something, going away so suddenly; and I was going towards the shop door to see, and a young man at the time, asked me, if I had lost any thing? I looked at the prints at the door, and found there were some gone; I went after the woman, and in Oxford-market, I catched hold of her about forty yards from the house; as I laid hold of her hand to bring her back, I saw the prints under her arm; when I led her back about five yards, she let them fall; a person that was by, immediately told me of it, and picked them up, and gave them me.
What did you do on that information?
He brought them, and gave them to me, and I took them into the shop with the prisoner. I was not gone a yard from the place where she dropped them.
In what manner was the print that you see under her arm, had she a cloak on, or not? Did you see the print, or did you not?
I see the prints; her cloak flew back when I catched hold of her arm.
Was it all one figure, or different figures?
Two different patterns.
Can you say for a certainty, they are the same patterns that you missed?
Yes, I had them counted immediately.
Do you know this property to be your's, except from the pattern?
I know it from the shop mark, a mark of my own invention, it is a character, neither letters, nor figures.
What may be the value of these pieces?
Twenty-eight shillings; I have got the cotton, and have kept it ever since.
I am a hair dresser. I was coming past the prosecutor's door, and I saw the prisoner close to the door, I thought at first she was going in, instead of going in, she made a quick turn about, and ran off, and turned the corner up the court; I saw that; I stepped up to the door, I expected she had taken something from the door; I saw the prisoner coming from the door, I asked him, if he had lost any thing from the door; if he had, I told him, I believed that woman had taken it, pointing to the woman, he desired me to stop at the door to mind the shop, while he followed her.
Was the woman in sight at this time?
She was in the court in sight.
Did you wait till she was brought back?
Yes; and there were two pieces of cotton brought back with her in the prosecutor's hand.
Are these prints your property?
They are.
I am not guilty of what is accused to me; I was going along about my business, and there was a person almost pushed me down into the kennel, and dropped this property at my heels; I never saw this property in my life; I know nothing of it, I don't know what it is. I had two witnesses here this three days for my character.
