I am a farmer , and live in the parish of Hayes: I had a ewe-sheep killed in the night of the 26th, or the morning of the 27th of May, in a field; a boy that looked after them found the sheep, he came to tell me, I went and found the sheep with three joints cut off, one of the legs and the two shoulders.
Are you sure, that what remained was part of your sheep?
Yes; it was marked M. S. on the left side; I know it to be mine, my flock consisted of one less than it had done the night before; I then got a warrant and went to Davis's house, where I found two shoulders boiling in the pot, the leg we did not find; then we went again in the afternoon, and found a pudding boiling, that was a mutton pudding, which we suspected to be the leg.
When was the prisoner taken up?
Two or three hours after it was done; the account that he gave was, that he saw the sheep lying dead in the hedge, and he cut part of it off.
How old are you?
Between thirteen and fourteen; I was out in the field about ten o'clock in the morning of Whitsunday, I saw the prisoner go into the bushes, and then I got behind a log and watched him; I did not see what he did in the bushes, but when he was gone, I went down to the bushes, and there I found a dead sheep, he had got a bag or a sack with him, it seemed to have something in it when he went in, but more so when he came out; there were the ribs left, and one leg, and the guts, and the skin; there were two shoulders gone, and one leg, and the heart, and the liver; I looked after him, and he looked round and saw me, and went on again; then I went and told Mr. Stone.
I am a constable of the parish of Hayes; Mr. Stone came to me with a warrant to apprehend the prisoner; I went to his house, and found a fowl, and two shoulders of mutton in the pot; I saw the pudding, but that was not taken out when I was there.
I was present when the mutton was taken out of the pot; I went down again in the afternoon, and I saw a meat pudding, but what meat it was I do not know; the prisoner said, as he was going into a field to get garlic to boil, he found the sheep there.
I live next door to the prisoner, they called me into assist them, I took off the not and saw a fowl and two shoulders of mutton.
I went down into the fields, and saw this sheep lying, and I picked it up and carried it home; I thought there was no harm in it, it might have been killed by dogs, I could not say.
Did the sheep appear to be fresh killed?
It did, quite.
