Have you any partner?
I have, John Hickson.
What is your business?
Iron founders and stove grate manufacturers. On the 4th of June I had reason to suspect the prisoner, and between one and two o'clock I watched him as he came into the warehouse, I happened to be up stairs, he did not know that I was up stairs, but from up stairs I could see him in the lower warehouse, I see him after he had been a little while in the warehouse, stoop down and lay hold of two pieces of cast iron, that we call back legs, and put in his great coat pocket, but he was disturbed by some of the men, and he threw that down; my foreman was coming up stairs to tell me, who had seen him as well as myself; I came down stairs; the prisoner bespoke a set of pantheon stove metal, it was put into the scale and weighed; he was a customer of mine, sometimes he has laid our four or five guineas a week. The foreman asked him if he wanted any back legs; he said no; the metal was weighed for him, and brought into the counting-house, I reckoned it up what it came to, and he had not money sufficient to pay me, and he wanted it on credit, and I refused it on credit, because he owed me three shillings and sixpence before, and I could not let him have any more till that was paid; after a great argument to get me to consent to give credit for the metal, he went out into the street, and my foreman and I followed, and my foreman stopped him, and took this pair of back legs out of his pocket; I went for a constable, and when I had been for a constable my man had been to his house, and brought the fronts back.
Knapp. How long has he been a customer of your's?
Ever since I have been in business almost, since Christmas.
You refused to trust him because he owed you three shillings and sixpence before.
What is the value of this?
About five-pence, I should not have charged him but six-pence if I had sold them to him, but I have lost things of greater value, which I have reason to suspect he took them.
Are you the foreman?
Yes; I was not in the warehouse; the prisoner came in and ordered a set of metal, the metal was not cleaned off; while the metal was being cleaned in the trimming-room, he was in the warehouse, suiting himself with a pair of back legs, and wanted none; I was watchman him in the mean time in the casting shop, while I was watching him he put the back legs in his pocket; when the metal that he wanted was weighed, he wanted master to trust him, master would not, he then said to me, will you pass your word for me, George? I said no, I will not any more, then says he, I must leave it; he went out of doors and I went after him about fifteen or twenty yards, and I said, what have you got in your pocket more than you should have? he said, nothing; I felt his left hand pocket, and there was nothing in that, and I felt in his right hand pocket, and there was the back legs that I see him put in.
Knapp. You sussered him to go out of the warehouse?
I did, because I had heard people say, that you cannot take people till they are out of your house.
I work for Mr. Knibbs; after the prisoner was taken I was sent for, and I found the back legs on him.
I am the constable that took the charge of the man; I produce a pair of pantheon stove back legs.
To Prosecutor. Are those the things that you see him put in his pocket?
They are; my foreman gave them to the constable.
To Cooper. Did you see him put then in his pocket?
I did.
You gave the same to the constable?
I did.
Knapp. Do you mean to swear that no other manufactures has such things as that?
I know them, I have made many of them.
Did you make them?
I do not mean to swear that, because I do not make all that are in my master's shop.
There is no mark on them?
Yes, there is a mark on the edge between the two holes.
Your master deals in a large way?
He deals in a middling way. I swear that these are the things that he stole out of my master's shop.
Do you mean to swear that that fort of articles which is now produced, were not sold in the course of that day, or the preceding day, to any other person?
Yes, I will swear that.
The mark you swear to was put on after they were taken from the prisoner?
Yes; there was no mark on them before the prisoner was taken, and if I had not see I him put them in his pocket I might not have been able to swear to them.
The day before I laid out about six and thirty, or forty shilling; I bought six pair of back legs the day before.
