I am a turner , I hired the prisoner at the bar to remove some of my tools and goods, and I delivered him a box with my clothes and other things last Tuesday, he was to carry it to Harrow-alley, Greenwood-court, Petticoat-lane; I was in South-street, Bishopsgate-street , when he took the box from me, he told me that he would carry it very safe, I told him that there were things in it for to carry it safe; when he came back I asked him if he had carried it safe? He said he had, and he carried some more things afterwards; on Wednesday morning I asked him where the box was, he said he knew nothing of it and began to curse me and abuse me very much, I told him I would charge the constable with him, he said I might if I would; I have never seen it since.
What did the box contain?
Wearing apparel, a close cloth coat, a pair of black sattin breeches, a linen waistcoat, &c.
What was you to give him for carrying these things?
I was to give him three shillings; I never saw him but once before, an acquaintance told me he was an honest man, and I employed him through that person's account, he is a shoemaker , he cobbles up shoes. He was to take it from Sun-street, to Greenwood's court.
Had you ever employed him before?
Never.
This here gentleman he put a box on my head, he asked me to move the things, the woman that he is with, did, whilst I was at work at my business, and I said yes.
I go out a charing and cleaning, I helped the prisoner with the box on his shoulder and gave him a strict charge of it, it was on Tuesday last, there was a black coat in the box, a pair of sattin breeches, a linen waistcoat, I helped to pack the box up, Mr. Watts heard me tell him where to carry the box, and he told him to carry it to Harrow-alley, Petticoat lane, Greenwoods-court.
Has it ever been found since?
No, never has been seen since.
When he got this box on his shoulder he past me, and after he had been gone some considerable time, I see him again and then he told me; says he I have carried it up into my own room for safety, for if your girl had run out and left the house, somebody might have come in and stole it; no, says I, there is no danger for my door has a strong lock to it.
Where is his own room?
It is over my head in Harrow-alley, he moved it out of Sun-street.
Where was he to have taken it to?
On the ground floor in the same house.
Was his apartment searched?
It was not. In the night my child, says, Mammy, have you seen Mr. Watts's box? says I, it is up in John Boxall 's room; No, says he I have not seen it; and I sent the child up in the morning to ask him for the box and he gave him a deal of abuse, and while Mr. Watts was gone for an officer he came down and abused me very much, and said he would be paid for his time.
I was applied to, as an officer, by John Watts , to go and search the prisoner, which he told me had robbed him of a box and wearing apparel and other things. I went with him to an apartment in Harrow-alley, where he shewed me the prisoner, I looked about the room and could not see any thing concerning a box there; and I took the prisoner into custody.
The prosecutor came to me and told me that he had employed a man to carry a box and he had ran off with it, he asked me what he was to do in it? I asked him did he know where the man was? he said yes, if we went directly we might take him, so we went and took him and searched the room but found no box; he made no resistance, he said he would go very quietly and he did.
This woman gave me a shilling to carry the things and the man was there, and he said to me he would be glad if I would move his things under the arch way as they must both move together, after we had done moving the girl's things from the archway, then he came back and gave me a box, which is in his own place now, that is all that I had moved of his, I told him; then he told me that he would fetch an officer, I said fetch an officer, for I will not run away, take me up directly I will not quit the room, I know myself clear; nor I would not stir a peg from the room. He put his things under the arch way for fear of being seized for the rent.
Had you two boxes before you sent one away?
I had four, I have three at home now.
You found some boxes in your lodgings in Harrow-alley?
I did, but I never found that since.
