I am the watchman; the prisoner, and Henry Bartlett , who was convicted last sessions, past me about eleven; I spoke to them; I continued on my watch till twelve; I heard a noise, it was in the back lane, Hammersmith ; the sound of the people's voices seemed sometimes before me, and sometimes behind me; then I went to my watch-box, and blew out my candle; and at one I went out without any light; and coming down the Mall, I heard a noise; and walking gently along, I saw two men come over Mr. Weatherhall's paling, over the fence of the garden; they knocked one of the heads of the rails off in coming over; as I followed them, I picked up a sprig of rosemary, at first I smelt to it; while they were in sight of me, they dropped an arm full of rosemary; I did not pick the whole up, I picked up a bit of it, and found it was the same I had before; it was near the Cannon; at that time they escaped; one had a long blue coat and trowsers on; I went back again, and then went to my watch box, and staid till two o'clock; I cried two o'clock; I went over the same bundle of rosemary, and I went into the garden, and found the rosemary cut, and told the servants: two nights afterwards I questioned the prisoner, he was running round the corner; I followed him to the further corner; and said how come you to serve me as you did? D - n your eyes, says he, how did I serve you? Why, says I, very dirty; that was about going over Mr. Weatherhall's ground, and I said, remember you was over in Mr. Weatherhall's ground; says he d - n your eyes, you lie, I was not; then I retired to my watch box. Two nights after, I was at my watch box, he and somebody came there, and said, d - n his eyes, let him alone, we will watch an opportunity, and rip him open, and wash our hands in his blood; he left the neighbourhood that very night; I did not attempt to take him, he was so bloody minded; I waited to tell Mr. Weatherhall the consequence of it, and ask him what I should do.
Do you know whether any attempts were made to take this man before last sessions?
Yes, there were, and he was taken at Kensington Gravel Pits.
He staid two days before he absconded?
Yes.
The way you knew him first, was, only by the long blue coat and trowsers?
Yes, and I saw him twice; twice the length of this court.
Was it a cloudy night?
Yes, and light withall.
What state were his legs in, was he able to run?
I take my oath he was able to run as I am, and did run faster.
After he came over the pales, did he talk to you that night?
Not a word, after he came over the pales.
I am gardener to Mr. Weatherhall; I saw these plants the day before; I missed seven on the 22d of December, there were seven picked up, cut up, and destroyed.
Were the roots gone?
Some were cut off and some were picked up, but entirely destroyed.
What do you value these plants at?
I value them at one shilling a piece, but I have asked the advice of some nursery men, and they say eighteen pence.
How many plants were picked up?
There were two cut up.
What would be the value of them?
Two shillings.
Were the other five cut?
Yes.
Would not they grow again?
No, they were cut so low, that they were not worth anything, they were the same as if plucked up.
Do you mean that they were worth a shilling to sell?
Yes.
What is Mr. Weatherhall?
A gentleman.
Were they worth a shilling a root, as the property of a gentleman?
They were worth a shilling a piece if they had been sold.
What were they worth being in the garden?
Why they must be worth that in the garden.
My Lord, on the part of the prisoner a question in point of law occurs to me, and I think it my duty to take the objection: This act of parliament creates two distinct offences upon the face of the first, whoever shall, in the night time, lop, top, &c. any plant, or shrub, of the value of five shillings, standing, growing, or being: the second part makes it a felony, to break, or deface, or spoil, any of the plants, without mentioning the taking, or carrying them away: my objection is, that this indictment charges, that he plucked up so many roots, value 5 s. whereas the offence proved is, that there are two roots only plucked up, and that the others have been broken and spoiled in the nursery ground.
It is pluck up, dig up, break, spoil; if he plucks up and spoils, I take it he is within this act of parliament; according to the evidence, two are plucked up by the roots, five have been spoiled.
In the first place, on the face of the indictment, it is charged, that he unlawfully, wilfully, and feloniously, did pluck up, dig up, and carry away seven young plants, called rosemary plants, value seven shillings; the evidence goes to two, I agree, on the face of the indictment, but it does not go to the five others.
There is a great deal in what that gentleman says, there were only two plucked up.
I submit the evidence perfectly supports the indictment; it is material to see what is the charge in the indictment; it is, that he feloniously did pluck up, dig up, take and carry away; and I submit that this particular part of the charge is perfectly well sounded; I submit, first, on the evidence, it is perfectly clear, that all this was, at least, plucked up; then I submit, that the other words, dig up, &c. may be rejected, as surplusage.
Mr. Knapp's objection is, that he must be guilty of either plucking up, digging up, breaking, spoiling or destroying, or carrying away shrubs, or plants, value five shillings: Now, says he, your indictment is only for plucking up, digging up, taking and carrying away, to the value of five shillings, and the digging up goes only to two shillings; and then, he says, that with respect to the other five, it is not included in your indictment: but if the Jury are of opinion that they were taken and carried away, what do you say to that Mr. Knapp? for if he is guilty of either plucking up, digging up, or carrying away he is guilty.
Look into the indictment, and see whether it says, then and there standing, growing, and being in the garden ground?
No, it does not.
I submit it is a question of fact, for the Jury, whether this man has dug, or plucked up these plants; I say, that the plant growing in the ground being torn from its root, is plucking it.
That is plucking off, but not plucking out; but there is a much stronger reason which weighs in my mind, on the evidence, that the watchman was at a distance, and it was a cloudy night, at the distance of this room, and that he did not see the prisoner afterwards.
We are satisfied.
