Did you see them taken?
I did not see them taken.
Did you miss them on that day?
I did, from a gentleman's house that I sent them to, a house that I sent them to in Southampton-buildings, I don't recollect the day of the week it was, I am sure it was the 28th of January.
How soon did you recover them again?
Was it a pint pot or a quart pot they brought?
It was a pint pot.
Where did you find your quart pot?
They had it at Guildhall when I went down to meet him there, it was between ten and eleven.
Did you know these two pots?
Yes, by the marks.
Is there any other mark besides your name and the sign of the house?
No others, than the letters on the handle.
Do you mean to say that you are certain that those pots that you saw at Guildhall, were pots that you lost from that gentleman's house?
I missed no more that day.
When had you missed any before?
About three days before, I had missed six or seven, and I missed seven about a week before.
Had you ever sold any pots that are described in the manner that you have described there?
I never sold any pots of that kind, or ever parted with any.
I am a patrole belonging to St. Sepulchre's, in the City. There was a person in Smithfield that had lost a two gallon tea kettle, and we had information it was at the prisoner's in a place called Black Bov-alley, going to search her place, and her son's place; she says to them don't open the door; she lives in the two pair of stairs, and he lives in the one pair of stairs; we went and searched after the copper tea kettle, I saw the son in the one pair of stairs room, and the mother in the two pair of stairs; but if your lordship will permit me, I will explain it further. The house belongs to one Clark, they are lodgers in the house; as I knocked at the son's door, she calls out over head, don't open the door, you know what is
the matter; with that I attempted to break it open, directly her son says I will open the door; he was naked, it was about four o'clock in the morning, as soon as he opened the door, she says to the child up stairs, about two years old, where is the two pots? there was nobody else in the room, but a little baby, the son opened the door, he was in the room below, and the mother was in the room above, I was standing at the one pair of stairs door, the child was up above with the mother, my fellow servant was at the street door below; I said to him, Bill, mind, there is something coming out, we goes up stairs and breaks her place open, and we found other things that we have got now in possession; she chucked the pots out.
I was fast asleep in my bed when the gentlemen came up, I never got out of my bed, I am as innocent as a child unborn.
How far is this woman's room from where the prosecutor lives?
About half a mile, or somewhere there abouts.
I am an officer, I went with the other man, I heard her say there is the pots, I happened to be in the yard at the time.
Was she in the room above stairs then?
Yes, in the two pair of stairs, I thought some other pots were coming out, that she was going to throw it over my head, then I was prepared, and I saw a woman take and throw these two pots out of the two pair of stairs window, I was on the threshold of the door, and I put my head out, for fear I should have something on my head.
Can you say by whom the pots were thrown out?
I could not, because they dropped them out, they did not put their heads out, they dropped on a dunghill. I picked it up directly.
Who did she address this conversation to, \"there are the pots\"	"q
To the little boy that was in the room up stairs with her. Here is a piece of metal, pewter, and these two things fit for melting in.
Were these pots any part melted?
No, not these.
Where did this happen?
The 29th of January, in the morning.
Do you know what day of the week?
I did not.
I was the watchman, I was there at four o'clock in the morning, at this time.
Did you see the pots fall out of the window?
No.
Did you see the woman in the room?
Yes.
Did you see things taken out of the room that the other witness has produced?
Yes.
Was the woman brought away at that time?
Yes.
Did you take the son into custody?
Yes, on other business.
Did the woman say any thing at all to you about these pots?
No further than she said that she never had the pots at all in her room.
As you are the watchman you know this house perhaps?
Yes.
Do you know whether the son and mother live separate in this house?
The son lives in the one pair, and the mother lives in the two pair, I know it by going there that morning, the son told me that he lived there four months.
Was she present then?
No, she was not.
They are my pots, I have no doubt about them at all.
