I am clerk to William Theyts , he is a copper smith ; these rivets are used to make large browing vessels, that is the sole use of them, they are made in our own shop, and in a tool that is made for the purpose. I am not personally acquainted with the fact.
This man the prisoner came to my master's house on the 2d of June, I knew him before near on five years; he rang at the bell of the shop between twelve and one o'clock, he asked my fellow apprentice if he would draw him a drop of small beer; my fellow apprentice had a suspicion of him taking something the Sunday before, and he watched him; I was informed he was in the shop, and I went into the shop, and I saw him there in the shop; he was gone off the premises before I knew he had got the nails; and I went after him, he had been in the shop about the space of ten minutes; I overtook him and charged him with having the nails about him about three doors from my master's house; I clapped my hand at his left side, and I found he had got some; I had him to Whitechapel watch-house, I pulled out four nails from the left side pocket of his smock frock and coat, and one from his right side; I gave charge of him to Jeremiah Constable the officer, and delivered the property into the officer's care at the watch-house; that is all I know of it.
What were these nails for?
They were for brewing copper; they were copper nails.
I was apprentice to Mr. Theyts; I remember the prisoner coming to our shop, he came between twelve and one o'clock, and rang the bell, he came to inform us that his master had got some fresh lime, we use lime in our business, and I told him there was nobody there that could inform him whether we wanted any or not; he then asked me if I would give him a little small beer? I told him I would; he then came in and went backwards to the back part of the shop, and I watched him, and I saw him take the nails from a copper vessel, and saw him put them into his bosom, between his smock frock and his coat, and he went out of doors, and then I told my fellow apprentice, he was up stairs in the kitchen; I called him down.
Did you give him the small beer?
I did not.
Was this place where these nails were, light or dark?
Light; I saw him, but I don't know that he could see me; I was gone about half way up the kitchen stairs after a pot, and I looked over the banisters, I was going up to get him the beer, and I could plainly see that he took the nails I called to my fellow apprentice, my fellow apprentice came down to him, and then he was out of the shop; I don't know what number he took; I know there were nails in the vessel before I had seen them there before.
I was so much in liqour I cannot give any account.
He appeared to me to be sober.
Cressey gave me charge of the man in Whitechapel; I took him to the watch-house, and I told Cressey to search him, and I saw him take these five nails from between the pocket of his smock frock and his coat.
Was he drunk or sober?
To the best of my knowledge he was perfectly sober.
I had been drinking in the morning, which I had not been accustomed to do, and was very much in liquor, and knew not what I did.
