I am a watchman in the parish of St. Mary, Islington: betwixt five and six in the evening I went upon duty, as a private watchman, by the order of the gentlemen; and when I came there, I found part of the property gone from the tomb; this was on the 20th, the Tuesday evening before Christmas-day; I found part of the iron railing gone, and I went and spoke to the person that watched the evening before; they were gone from the tomb the East part of the church; the tomb is not connected with the church, as I know of, but it is not far off; the other man told me it was safe yesterday and this afternoon; I went back immediately, and my partner, Henry Tramble , with me; and these iron rails brought here now were standing; and I stood a little distance, and saw a single man come into the yard, and he stood and looked over the gate, but did not go through; the first that came touched nothing at all, but went back again, and then two men came in, and took hold of the property, and tore it up; they tored up the iron-work out of the stones; they took up one bearing iron bar and ten iron rails; this was all that were left at the tomb, the rest were taken away at other times; afterwards they went away and left it, and I got from my place where I was, and found the property not gone; I went to Mr. Manton (they went into Cross-street), to acquaint him of it, the house adjoining the church-yard, and Henry Tramble came to my assistance; I came back again, Henry stood in the church-yard, and then I went to the tomb, and then they came from Cross-street, and the prisoner and another came and took the iron-work up, and took it away; it was the same two men as pulled it up; I had no lights but the lamps in the church-yard, they stand back and front; I let them go a little way, and then got out of my place; the first man had nothing, and I came between them, and the prisoner threw them down on a grave, on the side of the foot-path; he ran away, and I after him; I found he got ground of me, and I struck him; he ran down the Lower-street into Cross-street, and there I lost sight of him for the space of a minute; Mr. Manton, the beadle, took him, and I saw him in his hands.
Now, with the little light you had, did you see his face?
I did not; his back was to me when he had the property; I did not see his face till after he was taken.
As you lost sight of the man, and did not see his face, how can you venture to swear that the man that was in the hands of Manton was the man you saw with the property?
Mr. Manton stood in the Cross-street; I did not see his face.
I was churchwarden of the parish; Thomas Pemberton and Thomas Johnson were the other churchwardens; we have the letting of the tombs, and when they are put up they have no right to take them away without leave from the Commons; while they are up, we consider them as under our care.
I am a watchman; Thompson called me out of my house to come and assist him in securing the prisoner; directly after, there was a whistle given; I run round, and sees the prisoner run very hastily along the bottom of the yard, and went out through the posts towards the Lower-street, and about ten yards from the posts Thompson struck the prisoner on the head, but not so hard as to hurt him much; I did not lose him; I followed him; and directly as I came up, Mr. Manton had got him; Mr. Manton was standing just at the corner of a field, going down to Cannonbury-fields; from the time I first saw him it was not above two minutes before he was taken, for he ran very violent and fast, and I ran up to Manton immediately.
Had you observed his face?
I had not seen his face till the time I came up to the corner; he had a white jacket on, with sleeves; I did not see any person there, except the prisoner; I did not see him throw any thing down, I only saw this man running hastily out of the church-yard, and the watchman after him; and when I came up to him, he appeared almost so out of breath, he could hardly speak; the last witness followed him as fast as he could, but by calling out stop thief he was winded.
Did you pursue the same man as Thompson did?
I did, and the same man is the prisoner.
Were there any blows passed between you and the man?
Only I struck him once; the prisoner was the foremost man, and the man that threw the things down, and the man that I struck; when I pursued, Tramble pursued too, and ran quicker than I did; I was quite spent by running and hallooing.
I am the beadle; about six o'clock I heard the cry of stop thief! and I saw the prisoner running, and I ran about thirty yards, and caught him, from where I first saw him; he appeared to have ran as far as he could run; he was very much agitated; I delivered him to Harry Tramble , and Tramble said that was the man.
Last Tuesday three weeks I was at work for Mr. Royston, in Islington; between eight and nine in the morning, one Dunlock, seeing me at work, asked me to take a walk with him; I went out with him, and in the evening afterwards I was going up to the Coach and Horses, across Islington, to see a person that was to help me to another job; these two men came and laid hold of me, and dragged me about as if I was the dirt under their feet; please you, my Lord, I am as innocent as you yourself.
