I am a farmer : on Friday the 17th, or the morning of the 18th of June, I lost a mare, in the night, from a field near the nine-mile stone, near Southall ; I had seen her between seven and eight o'clock on Friday evening; I saw her again at Norwood, about fourteen miles from my field, on Wednesday the 22d, about two o'clock, in a miller's yard; she was brought home by a postman that night; the prisoner was a stranger.
I am a servant to a farmer; I work for Mr. Stone, Pinner's-park; I bought this mare on the 19th, about nine o'clock in the morning, on a Sunday, at Norwood, going along the road, of William Blewett , a gipsey; I gave four guineas for her to the gipsey; he told me he had swapped her with a man at Marlow, and there was no danger of its being stolen; John Redford came on the Wednesday following, and took her away: I kept the mare at some little meadows, with an acquaintance, where I lodged, his name is Scott, he is here present; a miller took the mare away, and they sent for me, and I met them at Pinner, and the mare was in Pinner-park; I worked at Pinner; I left the mare at the meadows in the morning, at Norwood; Mr. Redford owned her as his mare, and I gave it up to him, and he sent the mare home by the postman; I and Redford went after the prisoner, and found him under a hedge, between Radcliff and Ulstree; he laid down; and I went up to him, and told him a man had owned the mare, and he must go with us; Mr. Armstrong was with me; he said he would with all his heart; he said he would give an account where he swapped another for it; I had him up to Ulstree, and from thence to the justice's, and he was committed.
What was this miller?
He was a man that took the mare out of the meadow for the sake of the guinea reward.
I am a baker: I met this man with the mare on Saturday morning the 18th of June, between seven and eight, and he offered me this mare to sell for six guineas and a half; it was about four miles from where she was stolen; I looked at the mare, and I saw she was blind; he said she was not, she had only got a ball eye; I told him I thought he did not come by her honestly, and he pulled out a paper out of his pocket, that he had swapped a horse for this mare, on the 1st of May, at the Crown, at Great-Marlow; he asked me when I should be home; I told him I should not be home before eight o'clock; and I told him I had a mare, and I would make a rap with him; I am sure the mare he had is the prosecutor's mare; I saw the miller give him the mare: when he brought the mare up on the Saturday night, I refused her, and he went off with her to Pinner.
I swapped this mare with a man at Marlow: if I had stolen it, I would not have laid about the place.
How long have you had this mare?
Since the 17th of last May was a twelvemonth.
