I am a jeweller , No. 16, Staining-lane ; the prisoner worked for me as my journeyman . On the 19th of September, in consequence of having lost a considerable quantity of gold, I suspected the prisoner; I gave him an ounce of gold to make nine rings; I watched him very close, and saw him make ten instead of nine; I saw him take the tenth and slide it under the skin that catches the silings, and, I suppose, he put it in his breeches; in the evening, after the usual hour of work, he wished me a good night; I called him back into the shop, and told him I suspected he had robbed me; he said nothing, but sprung towards his place where he worked, and I prevented him, and told him he should clear himself from the imputation before he went near his place again; he was silent several minutes; I told him it was in vain to deny it, I was confident he had robbed me; he put his hand to his breeches-pocket and brought this ring out (producing it) he put it into my hand; I desired the rest of the men in the shop to taken notice of the ring he had given me out of his pocket, and then I sealed it up in the presence of an officer, and delivered it to him; he was taken to the Compter, and I got a search-warrant to search his house; I went next morning with the officer and two or three men, to search his apartment, and we found, in a dark corner of the garret, in a tin box put within a deal box, the gold property mentioned in the indictment, and some bars of iron that belonged to me.
Do you know Messrs. Thomas and Evans?
Yes.
Where do they live?
in Staining-lane.
You are their foreman?
I carry on business in their house, but on my own account.
They are goldsmiths and enamellers?
No; they are merchants.
Dealing in these articles?
Yes, and others they assign me an apartment in their house to carry on the gold business; I employ men and discharge them when I please; they buy the goods of me.
Are you responsible to them for the gold and property these men work upon?
No; I find the materials, and they have no concern in any thing but what I sell to them.
This bit of wire was to make ten rings?
No; nine.
It often happens that you make an extra ring to make up for the loss in making rings?
I never knew any such circumstance.
The ring was not finished?
No.
Does not he often finish work at home?
No.
He takes in work for himself, does not he?
Not that I know of; if I knew he did, I would not keep him. I will explain myself: when I say so, he does not do work at home for me; he has a large lathe at home that turns iron and steel; he has turned iron and steel, but nothing in the gold line.
I am a jeweller, I work for Mr. Brogden. On the 19th of September, the prisoner had done his work and gone outside of the shop-door, the prosecutor called him back, and told him he had a strong suspicion he had some gold in his pocket; the prisoner made no answer, but seemed very much confused; he wanted to go towards his place, the prosecutor desired him to stand back; in about four or five minutes afterwards, the prisoner put his right-hand in his breeches-pocket and pulled a split ring out, he then put it into the prosecutor's hand; the prosecutor held it up, and desired the people in the shop to take notice that that was what the prisoner put in his hand; it was then given to a Mr. Hench, in the shop, to put a mark upon it, that he might know it again; it was then given to me, and I did the same. The prosecutor told him he had lost things of that kind before, and he had a great mind to get a search-warrant to search his house; he went next morning to the Police-office in Hatton-Garden, and got one; I went to his house, and found some split rings in his house, the constable has them.
I am servant to the prosecutor; I saw the prisoner deliver up the ring that was marked by me; I went afterwards to the prisoner's house, and saw the rings delivered up.
I am an officer belonging to Hatton-Garden; I went with a search-warrant to search the prisoner's house in Baldwin's-place, Baldwin's-gardens, on the 19th of September last, and found the articles mentioned in the indictment; (produces them) I found them in a cupboard, in a garret, where the prisoner worked; they were in a little small wooden box in the cupboard, there was part of it in a tin box in the wooden box; I have had them ever since.
You found them in the prisoner's work-shop?
Yes, where he worked.
I am a constable; I have some gold which I received from the prosecutor, I don't know what it is, it was delivered to me sealed up. (produces it)
Is that what they call a split ring?
Yes; it was taken from the prisoner; I did not mark it, but I saw the other witness mark it.
This has my mark upon it.
This gold ring I know to be my property, because I made it myself about a week before, and I am confident of my own work.
This is the ring that you took from him, and gave to the constable unfinished?
Yes.
You don't mean to say that is a ring, or can be sold for a ring?
No; it could not be sold for a ring, it is a round twisted wire, which is always called a ring.
A ring, I take it, is either for the purpose of wearing upon the finger, or keeping some link within it?
Exactly so.
Do you mean to say it is a ring then?
It is what is always called a ring.
Till it is bent you call it wire?
Yes.
I believe none of the edges of that come in contact with each other?
No; they don't at present.
We look upon it as a piece of unfinished gold wire.
Look at that piece of wire, what do you call it - Do you call it, before it is made up, a ring?
Yes; it is turned up for a split ring.
As it is, it is not a split ring?
No.
Now look at the gold ring; did you find that at his house?
That is my own making; it is a wearing finger ring. I know it as well as my own hand-writing, or better.
There are other gold split rings, are they in the same state as the other?
No; they are in a more forward state; one of them is in a state sit for a customer, it only wants brightening; it was made in my die; (produces it) I am certain it is my making; it weighs one ounce, fourteen pennyweights, eight grains.
Now there is an in got of gold, can you swear to that?
I verily believe it to be mine, as much as I believe any thing to be, but I cannot swear to it.
Then there is an iron triangular bar, how do you know that to be your's?
Because I gave the prisoner the wooden model to get one of the iron bars cast from, for an engine which I have in Court, one had been delivered to me which is complete, and made into an engine; in searching his house we found these things.
Was it ever in your possession?
No, never; he confessed that he had had two made instead of one, and made me pay for two.
There is a brass cylinder piece, were you robbed of that?
Only in this way: that when he went to get any cases at the brass-founders, he always got two, and made me pay for two.
Then you mean to charge him with stealing things that never were in your possession, and never belonged to you?
No; I don't charge him with having taken it.
Do you mean to say, that that die is not the prisoner's?
No, it is not.
Did you never borrow any tools of him?
No.
Did he never work in your shop with his tools?
No.
Are there not thousands of dies of this size?
I believe it is not possible, any more than coin dies.
Do you mean to say that coin dies are of the same size?
I thought it impossible to make two alike.
Have you any mark upon the other ring?
It has a mark upon it, by accident, the folder rather bolstered, and occasioned a number of little marks in it; I endeavoured to file them out, and they would not come out, from that circumstance, I was obliged to make another ring, and I said this ring by upon the board, and when I came to look for it the day after, I could not find it.
These accidents in making rings frequently happen don't they?
Certainly.
You have no private mark upon it?
No.
This man, himself, I believe, has worked a great deal at home, has not he, upon his own account?
If I had known he had worked a single little at home for himself, I would not have kept him.(The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.)
I have known the prisoner nine months; I have frequently given him work at home.
I live in Crown-street, facing Denmark-street; I have known the prisoner many years, he worked for me five or six months; I have given him work to do at home not long ago; he bears a very honest character, I have had a great respect for him always.
I am a jeweller and goldsmith; I have known the prisoner many years, he has worked for me five or six months; I had sent for him to work a few days before this happened, he is a very honest and respectable man.
