I live at Stanwell I am in partnership with Robert Heath , we are farmers ; I lost two bushels of wheat, last February, from a barn called New Barn, it was threshed; I had seen it the day before in a sack, I missed it on the 25th; there were three sacks in the barn, and they had shot some out of two sacks, there were two bushels in the whole gone; I found it under the prisoner's bed, on the 7th of March; he lives about two hundred yards from the barn; he did not work with me, his father and mother live in the same house; I charged his wife with it, he was not at home; I saw him afterwards, and he said he could prove where he bought it.
I am a constable, (produces the wheat) I had it from Mr. Jordan, in Seabrook's lower room.
I really believe this wheat to be mine
Did he take it in your sack?
No; the reason why I think it is mine is, that it is mixed with black dirt.
You took the wife before a Magistrate did not you?
Yes.
The Magistrate discharged her?
Yes.
You afterwards took the prisoner before a Magistrate?
Yes.
And he also thought fit to discharge him?
No, he did not.
Are you sure of that?
Yes.
Was he committed from the Magistrates to take his trial?
Not at that present time.
You found some wheat under the bed?
Yes; in a sack.
Whose sack was that?
I don't know; there was no mark upon it.
How long was it between the time you lost some wheat out of your barn, and the time you found some under the bed of the prisoner?
I lost it upon the 24th of February, and found it upon the 7th of March.
What makes you imagine it to be your's?
There is some black dirt among it; it grew upon black land.
There is other wheat in your neighbourhood?
Yes.
What kind of land does that grow on?
Different colour: hasle, or brown, some black.
You don't know this wheat then, I suppose, by the taste, nor size, nor the colour?
No.
Has not that the usual appearance of wheat all but the black dirt?
Yes; there is but one man that has any of that kind growing there.
Not in the whole country, I suppose?
I don't know.
Seabrook said he bought this wheat of me; I sold him about a peck and a half, six weeks or two months before the time this was lost.
What sort of wheat was your's?
NOt the same as this.
I threshed in the barn, and I missed it when I went to work in the morning; it is very much like our wheat; but I cannot swear to it, because one corn is like another.
Has it not the same appearance with all the wheat that grows round the country?
Yes; but then the dirt and feed don't look like it.
There is no dirt among the wheat of others at all?
No.
The seed is imported from no particular part of the world?
No.
It is the same, in size and every appearance?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes.
I suppose he eats like the rest of the country round?
Yes.
