You have a partner, what is his name?
Benjamin Noton.
You are tea dealers , in Fleet-street, in the City of London?
We are. On the 13th of June, having received information that gave me reason to suppose that the prisoner at the bar robbed us of soap frequently; I ordered Mr. Rutter, our clerk, to mark the soap in such a manner as he would be able to swear to it, and to watch the prisoner at the bar. I should also mention that I ordered him to mark both ends of the soap. They were marked (I saw them afterwards) at both ends with a key, which one of the witnesses has in his possession. On Tuesday morning, the 16th of June, I see him go down into the cellar; I told Mr. Rutter, our clerk, of it; and he went down after him. When the prisoner came up again out of the cellar, I employed him unpacking a bag of sugar; when Mr. Rutter came up, in consequence of something that Mr. Rutter had said to me, I told him that I was told that two cakes were missing, that I suspected he had them; I felt in his pocket and found he had half a cake, before I searched he denied having any about him; he produced the one half cake, and said it was the only soap he had ever taken from me; I told him it was marked with a key pointing to the end, and I was convinced he had the other half about him; he absolutely declared he had no more. I stroked the other pocket down, and I thought I felt something, and I told him it was there; he said it was a bone; he put his hand in, and he pulled the other half out; I told him he had another cake about him, I told him that the constable was sent for, and he must find it when he came. He pulled off his apron and pulled out half a cake from each side of his breeches, which was marked in the same manner that the other cake was.
Alley. You told the prisoner that if he did not confess to you he must when the constable came?
I told him if he did not produce the soap then he must be searched when the constable came; I told him that if he would confess, so that I might prevent such things in future, he might expect mercy. This was before the constable came. He would not confess, he still continued to deny it.
You live servant with the prosecutors, Messrs. Noton and Eade?
Yes, I do. I marked some soap, on the 13th of June, I marked twenty two bars in one chest, I put the letter N with a piece of stick at the top, and I marked it with a key at the end of the bar.
Did you see the soap that was afterwards taken from the prisoner?
I was present at the time. I am sure it was the same soap.
Whose property is that soap?
Noton and Eade's.
You are sure from looking at the top that it had these marks you yourself had put on it?
Yes, the same soap; I went down and counted, and missed that quantity that he had on him, two bars; they weigh very near five pounds; it was mottled soap. I missed five bars the day before.
Alley. This is common mottled soap?
Yes, it is.
You could not have known it without marking it?
No, I could not.
Knapp. But with marking you can swear to it?
Yes, I can.
You were sent for by Noton and Eade this day, did you take the prisoner into custody?
Yes. I see him take a cake of soap out of his breeches; I afterwards searched him and found nothing on him. There were two other pieces laid before him; it was all sealed and put into my custody.(Produced.)
This is the same soap, I have no doubt in the least.
Mr. Rutter has sworn as false as God is in Heaven; at the time the soap was produced he was not in the parlour. The soap was given me because I had a family, a wife and four children, and it was given me because the distress that I was in to help in washing.
