In November last did you lose any part of your property?
Yes, a guinea and two half guineas in the house of George Tillett , a publican, in Whitecross-street .
What persons were in your company in this house?
Mr. Tyler and nobody else except the prisoner at the bar. During the evening I asked the landlord if he was willing to play a game of cribbage, he said yes. I went home and got the cards and brought them and we sat down to play about ten at night; the prisoner came in during the time I was at play, I think I heard him once call Mr. Tyler by his name, and after Mr. Tyler left me he continued with me; he represented himself as a particular friend of Mr. Tyler's, and he asked me if I would play a game for six pence? I played several games for six-pence a game with him, I laid my money down on the table, a guinea and two half guineas, and he snatched a guinea and a half from the table.
Are you sure that he took it not as having won it by play?
I am.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before this time?
Never before in my life, I told him he might as well take the other half guinea and say that he had won that as that that he had taken, then he took that. The landlord and I were persuading him a considerable time to return this money which he said he would not. He immediately snatched at the money when I accused him of taking more than he ought in play, and he said that he won the game.
What was your stake?
For sixpence.
What did you do when he persisted in keeping the money?
We tried some time to persuade him to give the money, and I told the landlord if he went out of doors I would charge the watch with him, he went out of doors and I charged the watch with him, and he examined him and he found one guinea and two half guineas on him; he said before that, that he had not the money on him.
Was there any thing on him when he was searched?
Yes, there was found on him two shillings, two six-pences and some halfpence and the guinea and two half guineas.
Could you know this money again?
No.
Is the guinea and two half guineas in court?
The officer of the night has them.
What business are you?
I am a chocolate maker , I live in White Cross-street.
This room belonged to the publican that you have just mentioned?
Yes, it did.
It is a room where the company of the house frequent?
Some part of them, not all.
The landlord and you were playing together when the prisoner came in?
It was so.
What was you at play for?
Sixpence.
After some conversation the landlord left the room, and you and the prisoner began to play?
Not till he represented himself a friend of Mr. Tyler's.
Who did the cards belong to?
To myself.
Not marked by any mode visible or invisible?
There were none but the common marks on the cards.
You are in the habit of carrying cards in your pocket I believe?
I am not, that was the first time that ever I did it in my life.
Then it seems the prisoner and you played in the first instance for sixpence a game.
Were the bets encreased?
The bets might be encreased to a shilling, or something of that kind.
How long might you be at play from the time you sat down with the prisoner, to the time that he took up the money in the manner you have described?
It might be from a little before eleven to near on twelve.
Recollect, see if you can state a nearer time than that you have mentioned? was you perfectly sober?
Yes.
You had not been drinking at all?
I had been drinking, but I recollect myself in what part; I had been drinking some brandy and water, six-pennyworth, or thereabouts.
Will you say that you did not drink five six-pennyworths of brandy?
I did not.
Will you say that you did not drink more than one?
I might drink part of others.
How much might the prisoner drink?
I do not know what he drank before he came in.
Which drank most, you or him?
I cannot tell that.
I think you told his lordship that you took one guinea and two half guineas from your pocket, and laid them on the table, recollect yourself a little, and let us hear what passed when you laid them on the table?
I took the guinea and two half guineas out, and some silver which I was going to give him, I put the guinea and two half guineas on the table, and gave him the money that I had lost, which was six-pence.
What did you say when you put the money down on the table?
I do not recollect that I made any expression.
Did not you tell him that you would play for any sum, or any thing to that effect?
I mentioned no sum what ever at the time.
You will recollect yourself a little, you told him that you made no bet whatever to the amount?
I did.
Nor did not offer to play for five guineas, two guineas or any thing of that sort?
We might have played for six-pence, or a shilling, but did not mention to any amount in gold whatever, that I am positive.
What happened after all this, after your laying the money down on the table?
He took it.
You disputed about his pegging more than he had a right to peg?
I did.
And then upon some dispute about the game he immediately took the guinea and half up of the two guineas that laid on the table had no conversation passed between you?
No.
He did not say that he had played very fair?
He said that he had won the game.
You gentlemen that carry cards in your pocket, you understand play, I ask you on your oath whether you do not understand the game to be lost if the parties you play with refuse to go on?
I don't know that.
There was a dispute about the game, and when the dispute happened the prisoner took up the money, and said that he had won the game; then he refused to return the money?
Yes.
And very properly so if he won the game, nor he would not do it before the magistrate, nor in the coach I believe?
I don't know what you mean by the coach, I never was with him in the coach.
Did you desire him to return the money before the magistrate?
I did, before he came to be examined by the magistrate.
You was examined before the magistrate, did you give the same testimony before the magistrate that you have now given in court?
I did.
Now before the magistrate, from the examinations, and it appears to me to be signed by him, you have there given this testimony, that you put on the table the two guineas, the guinea and two half guineas, and offered to play with the prisoner for that sum?
I don't recollect mentioning them words.
Which of them stories are true, that you told before the magistrate, or that which you tell now?
I said I did not offer to play to the\\ amountof any gold whatever.
And you now persevere in that story, therefore what you swore before the magistrate is not true.
In the examination before the magistrate you go on and say, this informant and the prisoner began playing again, and when the game was nearly half over the prisoner put two or three holes on the cribbage-board more than he had won, on which you complained that he had not played fair, and then he took the money off from the table. How came you to play at cards with a person that was an entire stranger to you, and had so much confidence in that stranger as to put your money on the table, you must be extremely fond of play to engage in this way?
It was in consequence of his representing himself to be a friend of Mr. Tyler's.
Where do you live?
In Foster's-buildings, White Cross-street.
I am a publican in White Cross-street.
Did the prosecutor of this indictment live near you?
He did.
Did he frequent your house?
He did.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I never see him before that evening that he came into my house.
The last witness is an acquaintance of your's?
Not of mine, but of Mr. Tyler's, he is the landlord of the house, I rent the house of him, I live directly opposite.
Was you present in the room at the time the prisoner at the bar and Syer were at play?
I observed they were playing for liquor, which I made them myself.
Did you see any money on the table?
I did not.
Did you see any swept off?
I did not see it.
The prosecutor says in his examination before the magistrate that you was present at the time?
I was in the room, but I did not see it taken, I see them play for different six-pennyworths of liquor, and I asked them to break up to go home, they said if I would let\\ them\\ play another game they would go home, and if I would make them another six-penny worth of liquor that should be the last. All at once I heard a great bustle with them, I asked what was the matter? Mr. Syer says to me, this man has taken up a guinea and a half of my property, I had a guinea and two half guineas laying on the table, and he has got a guinea and a half, he said there were two guineas on the table, and he had taken up a guinea and a half, and the prisoner said he had won it, I said lay down the other half guinea, and see if he will take that, and he laid it down and the prisoner took it up directly, and he said now I shall go home, no, said I you shall not go home, you shall stop till you have returned the gentleman's money.
Did he insist that he would take the whole two guineas, or only a guinea and a half?
The whole two guineas.
Then the prisoner persisted that he had won the whole two guineas?
He did, repeatedly.
And when you desired him to return the money, he told you that it was his own, for he had won it, and he would not return it, and he continued in that story till the moment of his commitment.
I am an officer. On the 20th of November I searched the prisoner, and found on him one guinea, two half guineas, two shillings, two six-pences, twenty-five halfpence, and a farthing in copper; Syer was present at the time.
Was any thing said either on one side or the other that you recollect?
Previous to the charge being given, the prosecutor said, that the prisoner had money that he had no right to; I turned round to the prisoner, and said that he had better make restitution if he had taken money that was not his own, and the prosecutor insisted that he had robbed him of a guinea, and that I should take the charge, afterwards when I was taking him to prison, the prosecutor told me that he had been playing for the sum of half a guinea.
Did the prisoner say any thing?
He denied having the property of the prosecutor, but on searching him I found the money with a considerable quantity of buckles, buttons, watch chains, knives and razors, and other things, but he said he had won the money.
I know John Syer the prosecutor, I live about five or six doors from him.
Was you present on the 20th of November, in company with the prosecutor Mr. Syer?
I was there but a very little time with Mr. Syer.
Did you play at cards with him?
Yes.
Did you see any thing pass between him and the prisoner?
No.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
I know him by sight.
What way of life was he in?
I never knew.
Because if Mr. Syer's account is true, he pretended to be well acquainted with you?
Yes, I find that is the way it came about, I never knew his name till I came down to Hog-lane; I know neither good nor ill of him.
He frequented your house did he not?
Yes, he did some years back.
