I am a linen draper in Catherine-street, Strand , my partner's name is William Baker , I have no other; Mr. Welch of New Compton-street, was employed by us as our calenderer; the prisoner was a porter coming to our shop, for six or eight months, he came and opened his wrapper on the counter, and whatever we had for him to take to his master, we used to put into the sheet, or by the sheet, and enter them in a book; there were frequently a great many other goods on the counter within reach; on the 13th of October, I received information from Mr. Welch of a suspicion, and went to Bow-street, there I found several articles, four cotton shawls and about three or four pieces of printed callico for gowns; I did not go the prisoner's lodging.
I am an officer at Bow-street; on the 12th of October, I went to the house of Cranfield Richmond , No. 20, Monmouth-street, in a one pair of stairs back room, I found the prisoner, and Richmond, and his wife sitting at dinner; I desired to speak to Richmond and called him to the door, I immediately turned my eye back, and saw the prisoner with this piece of chintz, and attempting to throw it out of the window of the one pair of stairs back room, I laid hold of him immediately; I asked Richmond in the presence of the prisoner, if the prisoner had any box, he said yes two, one locked and one not locked; I found in that room a box, and in that box this property belonging to Mr. Anstie, all the pieces were in the box, in that room where they were sitting at dinner, here is one piece of printed callico, which I found in his hand, here are four cotton shawls, here are five more pieces of printed callico, these are the articles I found in this room.
It was not that piece that I had in my hand; I had three handkerchiefs in my hand.
This is the piece he had in his hand, I put a paper on it, and have kept it ever since.
I am a calendar glazer: the prisoner has been in my service a twelve-month, his business was to collect things and carry others; I went with Jealous to Richmond's, we found Richmond, his wife, the prisoner, and a child, sitting round a table to dinner; immediately on seeing us, the family were alarmed; Jealous called Richmond out, we went immediately into the room, the woman begun crying out; Richmond said for God's sake, Mr. Welch, do not hurt me, I will tell you all; the prisoner must hear it; the door was open; we went into the room, the woman began crying, she said there are goods in this box, and in another box; the prisoner was much agitated, and threw a handkerchief out of the back room window; Jealous immediately held his hands, the box was opened, and I saw the things in the indictment found: we took him in a coach to the justice's with the things.
I live at No. 20, Monmouth-street; I knew the prisoner fifteen years, he came to my house a month ago, to board at three shillings a week; he brought goods there, they were callicos, he brought them in a trunk, I went with him to fetch it from Wood-street, Westminster, and brought it to my house; the next morning he broke the trunk open in my presence, it contained things in brown papers, some were open which contained muslins, that was three days before Mr. Jealous came, they were the trunks of the prisoner, they were the things he brought in the trunks three days before, part of them were the same goods.
I remember the prisoner coming to board at our house, he brought some things in a trunk, some were wrapped up in papers, and appeared to me to be muslins; Jealous came three days after, he took away the prisoner's boxes. On a Saturday the prisoner brought his box, and on Monday night he broke it open, and it contained a deal of property, and I said, Sam, I would not wish that trunk to be opened. I lent him a box, and a good lock and key. On Tuesday he brought home four handkerchiefs, three of them were South Sea handkerchiefs; he gave me one. On Wednesday Jealous and Welch came in, and called out to my husband, I said I had no goods but what was Samuel Young 's; I fell a crying, and said Sam, what have you done? I said I will shew you his goods. Samuel Young , his ownself, at a quarter past nine on Saturday night, brought those articles which Jealous took away on the Wednesday.
. Do you ever sell any of these goods, and let them go out of your shop with the mark upon them?
Yes, I dare say we do sometimes on the shawls. This is my private mark, I never sold any to the prisoner. This is a printed callico, here are two other pieces of callico which have no marks, but are our sort and pattern, with Mr. Welch's name and mark on them.
I am shopman to the prosecutor, this mark I swear to, and the price and shop mark in my hand writing; we sometimes sell these articles with the mark on them. This piece was in our possession on the 3d of October, I do not believe it ever was disposed of in trade; I have been in the shop ever since, and should have seen it go if it had been sold. These shawls have the private mark of Anstie and Baker, I cannot tell who made it; I know the patterns of these pieces that have Welch's marks; we had such patterns, there are pieces without marks, I know those patterns; the sixth I know not.
Here is my mark on two of the three pieces, which proves to me to a certainty that at some time I have received this piece from Anstie and Baker: it is made by me in chalk, it is a hasty way to mark hundreds and thousands. A. B. I recollect no other customers whose names begin so, but Anstie and Baker; the other piece has an A. only, which is not so satisfactory.
What is the value of these articles?
The four cotton shawls are worth about 7 s. the chintz, which was found in his hands, is worth 16 s. the other articles are worth 5 l.
