I am the wife of Thomas Pragg; I let the lodgings myself to the prisoner, my husband is in Bedlam.
What was he to pay for the lodgings?
Two shillings a week.
Were they ready furnished lodgings?
Yes.
When did you let them?
The 16th of January last, nine o'clock in the morning, on a Thursday.
Did he go into the lodging after he had taken them?
Not till that night. The prisoner came to the lodgings at half after ten; there was no person in the house besides myself and children.
When did you miss any of the things?
The next morning at nine o'clock; I sent my daughter up into the room, and she came down crying, and told me, and I went up stairs immediately myself, and I found all the articles missing mentioned in the indictment, every thing that is there.
When did you see the prisoner again?
Not till the latter end of the next week, I cannot recollect the day; I made application to the constable.
Do you know what time the prisoner went out in the morning?
I cannot say I do, but there is a young man present does.
Are you sure that the prisoner is the man that took the lodgings?
Yes, I am.
Did he say any thing at the time that you saw him?
He said nothing at the public house, but only denied me before the alderman that he never see me.
Have you ever seen any thing of your things since?
No more of them.
Ask her is she has any other lodgers in her house?
Yes, there is one of them here, there is a woman, and a man, and a young man.
Be so good as to ask her if any of these lodgers can go out in the morning without being discovered by the family?
Yes.
Whether she has not an inscription in her window with lodgings wrote on it for single men, and whether when I came to her house she asked where I live, and whether she went to enquire after my character?
Yes, I did; he told me that he served his time at Mr. Goldings, in Aldersgate-street, and he came with the shavings hanging about his apron.
Did you see me take any property out of the house?
No.
I am going of thirteen.
Did you ever take an oath before?
No.
Have you not been before the Grand Jury?
Yes.
Was you before the alderman, at Guildhall?
Yes.
If you tell stories or swear false, what will become of you?
Go to Hell.
What do you know about this affair?
I know the prisoner came to take the lodging in the morning.
Was you present?
Yes.
What was he to pay for the lodging?
Two shillings a week.
Now look at that man, and see if that is the man?
Yes, that is the man.
Did he come to the lodgings that day?
Yes, he came at ten o'clock at night; he sat down about a quarter of an hour by the fire before he went to bed.
Did you see him go away the next morning?
The young man saw him go away at six o'clock.
Did you see him afterwards?
No.
Was the articles mentioned in this indictment missing?
Yes.
Did you see the articles in the room?
Yes.
Was he to have them for the two shillings?
Yes.
How soon did you see him again?
I did not see him any more.
What day was it I took the lodgings?
Thursday morning, and he robbed my mother the Friday morning.
Has there been a statute of lunacy taken out against your husband?
No.
Do you see him at all?
Yes, I see him this morning before I came here; he is a great deal better than he was.
Is he sensible at times?
Yes.
Did you ever say any thing to him about these lodgings?
I was fearful to do it, for fear of making him worse.
How long has your husband been in confinement?
Ever since the 5th of October last.
I am a lodger in this house.
Do you know what time the man was in that took the lodgings?
About ten o'clock at night.
Did you see him in the house?
I see the back part of a man, something of him, pulling off his shoes or boots, stooping in that apartment that he took.
What time was that?
At night, about ten o'clock. In the next morning I heard some man get up about six, and he went down about ten minutes or a quarter after six.
Then you don't know the prisoner so as to swear to him?
No.
I am a constable. The prosecutor applied to me, and said she had been robbed, about the 20th, and asked me if I knew the prisoner at the bar? I told her I believed I did, and that I thought I could find the person, (it was Monday morning) I looked about for the prisoner for a few days, I heard of him, and went and broke into his room, and took him.
Where did you find him?
In his lodging room in Grub-street, he said he knew nothing at all about it; I took him to a public house and there were a ten or a dozen people, the woman and child come, and both said that was the man.
This woman owns that her house was a common lodging house, I think it is a very unlikely story that that man saw me in the room and yet he can give no description of me. As the lodgers can get out of themselves at what time of the morning they please, they may take the things themselves. I am really innocent.
