I live at Southend in Essex. I was in London the 28th of last month on some business for my masters, John Pratt , John Watts , and Matthew Lowden . I went first to Mr. Watts's, at Walworth-stairs, one of my masters; I went to Mr. Holland's, in Gray's Inn, and I was going up Holborn to buy a Builder's Price-book, and I met with the prisoner in Middle-row, Holborn; he was talking about London, and he said he had been subpoenaed on a trial from Lincolnshire, and was almost tired of London. Walking up Holborn in conversation with this man, he stooped and picked up a purse, and he had me over to a publick-house; I do not know the house, nor who kept it; just after a gentleman came in and opened the purse, and there was a receipt, bought of Mr. Smith, a diamond cross, value 230 guineas; the diamond cross was in the box.
Was you never in London before?
Yes.
How came you to be such a fool then? what passed next?
The gentleman said the receipt was good for nothing, unless we had the prize; then he pulled out this cross, and the gentleman said if I was with him, I had a right to have half of it, and he should have expected the same, and he agreed to give me 100 l. for the half part of it, and he went out pretending to get the money, and he could not get the money, and he asked me if I could get the money; this gentleman gave me a card to one Mr. Blundell, the bottom of Holborn Hill; he said his name was Blundell, and we were to meet at this Mr. Blundell's between six and seven o'clock, and he was to return me my money back again, and 100 l.
Why you said nothing about your money yet?
He asked me if I could get the money, and I told him I could; I laid down on the table a hundred and five guineas; then he went out with the money, and we parted, and I went to this Mr. Blundell's, and not finding him there, I went to the Ram, in Smithfield, where he said he quartered.
Did you see any body of the name of Blundell?
Yes.
Was that the man that you saw at the house?
No.
Neither of them?
No, and at the Ram they told me there had been a trial on from Lincolnshire, but the people had been gone home a fortnight: then I went up to the Castle in Holborn, and in a very little time the prisoner came in; he asked me if I had seen the other; I told him I had been to the house, but there was no such man to be found; he said he would go and look after him; I followed him into Old-street; he said he must go into Old-street; there he went and found the other, and they wanted me to go and have something to drink; I told him I would not leave them; the other man slipped by us, I caught this prisoner; I cried murder, and there happened to be some officers in the house, and the prisoner was apprehended. Some of the money was produced, but I do not know how much; 98 guineas are in the hands of the Bow-street officer, Mr. Carpmeal.
This was your master's money, Mr. Foreman?
Yes.
You had no difficulty, however, in parting with it for a good bargain which you know did not belong to you?
No.
What had your master intrusted you with this money for?
To pay the men at Southend.
You did not see this purse dropt?
No.
It was not he that proposed to you that you was to have part of it, it was the gentleman?
Yes.
I live in Holborn; I keep the Castle inn: I recollect about two in the day, that this gentleman and another came in and called for six pennyworth of brandy and water, and then another; the prosecutor and the young man that was along with him went away; the prisoner was not there at that time: the business had happened, as I understood it, at another house. Mr. Foreman, and another young man, came to my house; they went away; about six o'clock in the evening, or thereabouts, Mr. Foreman came into the coffee-room and had a glass at the bar, and asked me if I knew the men that were with him; I said I did not; says he, they have ruined me; says I what have they done to you; says he, I gave them 105 guineas.
Then you never saw the prisoners at your house?
No, not at that time, but in the course of this discourse, this gentleman, the prisoner, came in and said he was to meet a person there at six o'clock; I said there are some gentlemen in the coffee-room; he walked in: says Mr. Foreman, I really think that is one of the men I gave the money to to-day. I told him to lay hold of him. I never saw the prisoner till six o'clock.
Where was it they got the 105 guineas from you?
At this man's house between one and two o'clock.
Was that the young man that drank to you?
Yes, that was the gentleman.
Where was Owen then?
He was there, but he went out after he got the money.
I never saw Owen till that time.
Was you in the house when Foreman first came in?
Yes, I was when Foreman and the other young man came in; I never saw this man at all till six in the evening, when this young man came in to ask me if I knew the parties.
If he had been there you must have seen him?
Yes, though he might have been there, I saw nobody in company but this young man and another.
How long was the prisoner in the house?
I cannot say how long, he was out once or twice. When the prisoner came out, Foreman said to him, you did not meet me according to your promise, and the prisoner said come along with me.
On Thursday last, me and Carpmeal and another officer had occasion to go to Mr. Clayton's in Old-street, where, I believe we remained about three hours. At about seven, or a little after, I was in the back-yard seeing them play at skittles, and I heard a great noise at the door of somebody calling out murder! - do not beat me! - do not beat me! - I said to Carpmeal, what is all this noise about, somebody said, it is a man and woman a fighting; however, I went to the door, and, to my surprise, the prisoner and the prosecutor were apparently to me a fighting. Owen had got hold of him by the hair of the head, and the prosecutor was endeavouring to get out of the entry into the street; I immediately said, what is all this about, and the prosecutor, Foreman, was crying, and saying, oh! for God's sake pity me, they have robbed me; - robbed you, says I, of what; why says he, they have dropped a purse; oh! says I, that is very well, and we took them both to Bow-street; I then took this cross from the prosecutor; I made him put his mark upon it.
Do you know the value of it?
I should suppose from what I have heard, it is worth about half-a-guinea, or something thereabout.
We then took him into the parlour, and I believe he sent for some of the money: however, 98 of the guineas have been recovered out of the 105; Carpmeal has them.
I was with Townsend as he has told you, and the prisoner delivered this property into my hands; he said it was the money he received for the cross, all but 7 guineas; it is 98 guineas.
Please your Lordship, we were walking up Holborn, and we found this purse with the cross; he cried half; says I, I picked it up, I have a right to all; we looked to see what was in it: another man came in, says he it is valuable property, indeed; says he, was you in company; yes, says I; yes, says the man; says I, I have no money about me; says he, I have some money; I have a note payable to the bearer; he went and got 130 l. he left me a hundred and five guineas, and I was to meet him at six o'clock at this house; and when I returned that 105 guineas and the 100 l. more, I was to have the diamond. I met him according to the appointment within a quarter of an hour.
Let the judgment be respited till the next sessions.
