I believe you are clerk in the house of Messrs. Vere and Co.?
I am.
Who compose the firm of that house?
, Peter Vere, John-Daniel Lucadou, Bryant Troughton , James Lewis Lucadou, and William Smart .
Is Mr. Windus a customer of your's?
Yes.
Did you know the prisoner at the bar, as being a servant of his?
Yes, to the best of my belief, I cannot swear positively to that.
As his clerk ?
Yes.
Do you remember his coming to your house with checks from Mr. Windus?
Yes.
Have you got a draft in your pocket?
Yes, I have, for four pounds.
Look at that check, did the prisoner bring it?
I believe so, I cannot swear positively.
Did you pay the person who brought that check?
I did.
Do you recollect what passed between you at the time the check was produced?
I do not recollect that any thing particular passed.
Are you acquainted with the hand-writing of Mr. Windus?
Yes.
Is that signature of John Windus his own writing?
I believe it is not.
Where is Messrs. Vere's banking-house?
In Lombard-street.
You were the person that paid the check?
Yes.
You say that is not the hand-writing of Mr. Windus, do you form your judgment from a comparison of this note with any thing else, or from your knowledge of his hand-writing?
By comparing it with a paper that was left at our house.
Did you suppose it was not Mr. Windus's writing at the time you paid it?
Certainly not.
Have you had frequent opportunities of seeing the hand-writing of Mr. Windus?
I have seen it, it may be five or six times. I cannot be certain.
Have you any doubt whether that is Mr. Windus's hand-writing; I certainly think it is not since I have compared it.
Do you mean that you had seen him write five or six times?
No; I have seen drafts of his five or six times.
Whether those drafts were written by him, you cannot say?
No.
You are an attorney?
I am.
Living where?
In Old Broad-street.
Was the prisoner in your service?
Yes.
How long?
He was with me two months previous to the 8th of January last.
He was two months with you before he absconded?
Yes.
Was he in the habit of taking checks to your banker's?
Small ones of four or five pounds.
Look at that four pound note - did you give him, on the 18th of December, a check for four pounds upon your banker?
I never gave him this check on my banker.
Do you know the prisoner's hand-writing?
Yes, he used to write in my office.
Are you able, from seeing him write in your office, to say whether that is his hand-writing or not?
To the best of my knowledge and belief it is his hand-writing.
Have you any doubt about it?
None occurs to my mind whatever.
Had you occasion to speak to him about taking your book to your bankers?
Yes; I think it was the day before he absconded, I said, I intended to take it to my banker's for it to be made up, or to that effect.
Did he make any reply to that?
None.
Did he keep your book?
No; but I frequently used, when I went out, to tell him where I was going.
Did you see him after that?
Yes, I am sure I saw him after that; I am not sure whether he absconded that day or the next, I cannot be positive; it was the 8th of January that he absconded; he was at the office till about twelve or one o'clock; I am positive I did not see him after three.
In consequence of you missing him, and making this discovery, did you apply to the Lord-Mayor for a warrant?
No; I delivered up the checks to the bankers, leaving it to them to act as they thought proper.
When did you afterwards see the prisoner?
The first time I saw him, since he absconded, was on Tuesday last, at the Poultry-Compter.
Had you any conversation with him at the Poultry-Compter?
I asked him what could induce him to do any thing of this sort, was it any unkindness on my part.
Did you hold out to him any promise of favour, or use any threat, before he said what you are going to state?
None, whatever.
What did he say?
He said, he did not know that he had done any harm; I asked him to what extent he had injured me, and he said he had drawn the drafts, and received the money.
Did he say any thing else?
I don't recollect any thing else.
Had you ever any other conversation at any other time?
Only at the Mansion-house the next day.
What passed there was taken in writing?
Yes.
Did you, or any body else, in your presence, ask him what he had done with the money?
Yes.
Are you sure that what the prisoner said, was taken down in writing?
I believe, what the prisoner said, was not taken down; I did not see it taken down.
What was said in your presence by the prisoner before the Lord-Mayor?
He was asked if he had a father living; he said, no; he had a mother, who obtained her livelhood by keeping pigs; he was asked what he had done with the money that he had received for the drafts, and he said, he had spent some of it in tarts, and that he had given some to another lad in an adjacent office, who recommended him to my office.
I take it for granted you cannot undertake to say, whether that writing was made in the County of Middlesex, or the City of London.?
Certainly, I did not see him write it.
Is your release subscribed by all the parties?
Yes, except one, and he has subscribed it by a power of attorney.
We have the power of attorney here, and the subscribing witness.
I believe you are the Under-Marshal of the City of London?
I am.
In consequence of directions you received from the Lord-Mayor, did you go down to Bristol for the purpose of apprehending the prisoner?
I did.
Did you apprehend him, and where?
I did, at a Mr. Long's, in Newton's-court, Broad-street, Bristol, on Sunday morning, the 7th of this month.
At the time of his apprehension, did any thing particular pass?
No, I brought him to London, I had no particular conversation with him till I got into Piccadilly; I then related to him
Did you make him any promise?
No.
Did you frighten him into saying any thing?
Nothing at all; when I came to Piccadilly, I related to him that I had a warrant upon suspicion of forgery, upon which he coloured very much; I asked him how many drafts he had drawn forgeries of Mr. Windus's name; he said, he could not directly say how many; I then asked him if he could recollect whether there were four, or five, or half a dozen, or what number, and to what amount; he could not recollect for some little time; but, upon his recollection, he said, he thought it was about three or four, for three pounds each; I then asked him if he recollected one of the\\ amountof six pounds; he said, yes, he did; I recommended him then to recollect himself, and say how many he had really forged; he said, it might be four, or it might be half a dozen, he really could not say; about twelve o'clock I took him before the Lord-Mayor, and he was remanded till the next day.
Did any conversation take place the next day?
I asked him, in the presence of Mr. Windus, how many he had forged; he said, he could not exactly recollect how many; I asked him how he had laid out the money; he said, he laid out some in tarts, some he had given to a lad in another office, and he had bought a watch in Holborn for a guinea and a half.
Were the drafts shewn to him?
Yes.
Are you sure you made him no promise of favour?
I am sorry you should ask me that question.
It is my duty to ask you?
I did not say any thing to him of that kind.
