Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am in partner ship with my father, Thomas Gibson , and John- Christopher Alterieth , No. 42, Lime-street .
How is your house situated with respect to the street?
The whole of the premises stand back from the street.
How do you get out of the premises from the street?
The entrance is by means of a passage from Lime-street, the gates of which are shut at night; at the end of the passage part of the dwelling-house front you; the sugar-house is behind the house; it joins by means of a warehouse; the warehouse is in the middle, between the sugar-house and the dwelling-house.
Is there any communication internally between the one and the other?
None.
How do you get from the dwelling-house to the sugar-house?
By crossing the yard, no other way, and then into the sugar-house.
Then the entrance to the sugar-house is in the yard?
Yes.
And the sugar-house, warehouse, and dwelling-house are all surrounded by a fence are they?
Yes.
Which way do your carts come to the sugar-house?
By a gateway from Lime-street.
What is the back part of the sugar-house?
Contiguous to a church-yard, near Fen-court; there is no entrance to the sugar-house from Lime-street.
Who was last up on the 26th of December last?
The gates are locked regularly at ten o'clock; I fastened the private door of the dwelling-house that night, but not the gates; I came home about twelve o'clock that night, the dwelling-house was then in a perfect state of security.
Can you get to the private door without going through the great gates?
We have besides the great gates a private door in the street, and from the private door in the street we have to pass through a passage to the dwelling-house.
There are two doors, the one for a cart, and the other a private door?
Yes; I can take upon me to say that both of them were perfectly secure at that time.
Is there any other passage that leads to the sugar-house?
There is a passage from Lime-street by Mr. Alterieth's house, but that is never used.
Do you know of your own knowledge whether the door of that passage was secure that night?
I cannot say.
You have known the prisoner some time?
He was in our employ about two months previous to this affair.
How long had he left you before this time?
I believe about three days; he left us on the 22d, and on the day following he applied for his wages; we paid him his wages, deducting a week, because he left us without warning, it is the rule of our house so to do; he withdrew himself, I did not discharge him.
Did you happen, after you had discovered in the morning that the sugar-house was broke open, to make any observations?
Yes, I saw a ladder on the side next our premises, between the church-yard and our sugar-house, by which a person might easily ascend the wall, and get over into the church-yard.
You suppose that is the way the man got out?
Yes, we observed some foot-steps; we at first imagined the door in Fen-court had always been locked, but upon enquiry we found it had not; we then imagined he had made his entry that way.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am clerk to Mess. Gibsons.
On the 26th of December were you the last up?
No, some of the servants.
What servant?
The footman, he is not here.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I apprehended the prisoner on the 27th of December last; I was on the watch in Fenchurch-street, about two o'clock in the morning; the prisoner came past me facing Rood-lane.
How far from Lime-street?
Not far; I observed a bag, as I thought, across his shoulder, and I asked him what he had there; he replied, his clothes; I put my hand to them, and found it a hard substance; I said, these are not clothes, I must detain you, you must go along with me to the watch-house; upon taking him to the watch-house and searching him, I found twelve loaves of sugar wrapped up in some shirts; I found also a pair of breeches and a shirt under his waistcoat in the watch-house; he said, he had bought them; he was taken to the Compter that night; the next day I attended before the Lord Mayor.
Was what he said there taken down by the Clerk?
As far as I know.
You were present when the prisoner was examined?
Yes.
Was what the prisoner said taken down in writing?
No.
He said the first day he bought them of a man, but he did not know who; the next day he said Mr. Gibson had stopped him of his wages, and that he went and stole them; he said, he had got them over the wall; the officer has got the things.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I searched the prisoner in the Compter, and found upon him a shirt; in the watch-house I found upon him a knife, a pair of scissars, and a duplicate, (produces them and the whole of the property) when this watchman brought him into the watch-house, he said he had bought them of Mr. Dedman, of Virginia-street.
(To Mr. Gibson.) Had any part of that sugar been sold?
No part of it.
