On the 20th of January, I believe the prisoner was your apprentice ?
Yes; I am a butcher , he has been my apprentice three years and a half.
What age is he?
Seventeen years the 22d of last January.
On the 12th of January did you send him to his Majesty's house at Kew?
Yes, he always went there.
Did he go there on the 12th with a shoulder of mutton?
I do not know, I am not clerk.
It was his custom to go daily to his Majesty's house at Kew , to Mr. Hutchinson, for orders?
Yes.
Did you on that day happen to be in your shop when he came back from Mr. Hutchinson to your shop for some meat for him?
I was.
Do you remember what he said?
I do not indeed.
Did you deliver to him, or was any meat delivered to him, to take to Mr. Hutchinson?
I cannot say, the business I do; I cannot say I am sure.
You do not know whether you sell a pound of meat in a week or not?
I only know I sell a great deal.
You have a daughter that makes out your bills?
My daughter is the only person that makes out all my bills.
Did you receive from him, after he had been to Mr. Hutchinson's, (supposing he had been there) the sum of 17 s. 2 d.?
No, by no means.
You do not know that any meat at all was delivered to Mr. Hutchinson from the prisoner?
Oh, dear me, to be sure I do not; I should be very wrong if I said so I am sure; I declare I do not.
Do you live in his Majesty's house at Kew?
I do; Mr. Newman is my butcher.
On the 12th of January, did the prisoner at the bar bring you any meat from Mr. Newman's?
I cannot say particularly to the day.
You have a bill in your hand which will tell you the date?
Yes; on the 12th of January.
You see the last article in that bill is dated the 12th of January?
That makes me remember that a shoulder of mutton was brought to me when he first brought the bill with the meat, it amounted to 11 s. 10 d. I ordered him to take the bill back and bring a receipt to the bill, the bill having no receipt, and to bring a shoulder of mutton, and include that in the bill; he came, I think, the next day, with the shoulder of mutton, and the bill as it now stands; when he brought the shoulder of mutton, that was the day I paid him, and he brought the receipt that is now with it; I paid him 17 s. 10 d.
Was it 17 s. 10 d. or 17 s. 2 d.?
17 s. 10 d.
You have no recollection of this transaction except as you derive it from that bill - was this the last bill you ever paid?
This is the last bill I ever paid him; I recollect having some conversation with him; he brought the bill without a receipt the first time he brought it, and when I paid him, I paid him 17 s. 10 d. I told him I would not pay him without the receipt, and when he brought the receipt, I recollect paying it.
What age are you?
I am in my eighty-seventh year.
You assist in your father's business?
I do, I make out his bills.
Just look at that bill - is any part on that bill your hand-writing?
The three first articles, the 11 s. 10 d. is my hand-writing.
Is the last article 5 s. 4 d. for the shoulder of mutton your hand-writing?
It is not.
Are the words at the bottom of the receipt, paid, P. Newman, your hand-writing?
It is not.
Do you remember the prisoner at the bar coming back to you for a shoulder of mutton?
I cannot say I do.
Did he bring you back 17 s. 2 d. or any other sum of money, from Mr. Hutchinson?
None at all.
Do you mean to say that he brought you no part, not even the 11 s. 10 d.?
Not any.
Did you, either on that day, or on any other day, ask him any questions respecting the money from Mr. Hutchinson?
I asked him if Mr. Hutchinson had paid him any money, he said, no.
Was that after he had taken in that bill of 11 s. 10 d.?
I cannot say that I did ask him about that bill.
How soon after the delivery of that bill was he taken up?
About a fortnight after; I do not remember having any conversation with him about it.
You do not remember the shoulder of mutton being delivered to him?
I cannot say that I do.
You sent him out for orders, and when he came home you took minutes in your book of those orders?
Yes.
Have you got that book here?
No.
Then, in fact, you do not know of any of these things being delivered?
I believe them to be delivered.
This fact is clear, that the goods and the shoulder of mutton were delivered; whether delivered from your shop or another shop, that is another thing - Did you ever see the prisoner write?
I cannot swear to that writing, I have seen him write.
How soon did you discover this last bill of Mr. Hutchinson having been paid to the prisoner?
I should think in about two weeks.
Did you question him about the subject?
Some trifle my son did, he never denied it.
Did you tell him it would be better if he would tell you?
I did.
There is not sufficient evidence to go to a Jury upon the delivery of the articles themselves; there is no proof at all of any of the articles coming from their shop, only that they were delivered to Mr. Hutchinson by this person.
There is certainly a point which I do not take upon myself to decide in the Court; and though I should be clearly of your opinion, and in favour of the prisoner, yet it is a point of so much consequence to the public, perhaps the discussion of it may do a great deal of harm; I will take the opinion of the Jury upon that fact - the delivery of the goods.
That is a fact, the delivery of the goods.
