Is the prisoner at the bar any acquaintance of your's?
Yes, she nursed me in my lying-in of my first child.
Do you remember the prisoner coming to Mr. Rose on the night of the 9th of February?
Yes, at eleven o'clock; between one and two o'clock I was called down to a neighbour that was ill, and I left the prisoner in the room.
Before you went down to you neighbour, had you done any thing?
I put a hat in a box before the prisoner that Mr. Rose had brought home, and a blue coat; I locked the box, and kept the key in my pocket.
You did this before you went down to your neighbour?
I did; the prisoner was in my room.
Was any body else in your room?
No, nobody else; I was absent about five minutes.
Was the prisoner at your lodgings when you returned?
No, she was gone, and the box was under the window with the top of it broke, and the coat and hat were gone; I have seen the property since at John Hincksman 's, in Broad-street.
I am a pawnbroker, I live at No. 37, Broad-street, Bloomsbury: I produce a hat and coat pledged on the 9th of February, about two o'clock, by the prisoner at the bar; I lent her five shillings on the coat, and three shillings on the hat.
After that, had you any information of the robbery?
I had, in half an hour after I had taken them in, and about an hour after that the prisoner and a man came in, and asked to see these articles, with an intent, as I understood, for the man to purchase them of her. In consequence of the notice I received I detained her, and sent for an officer, and took her to Bow-street.
I am an officer: On Saturday, the 9th of this month, about three o'clock, Mr. Hincksman fetched me to his shop; I went with him, and took her into custody to Bow-street.
On Saturday, about one o'clock in the afternoon, I went down with something for my husband's dinner; I called upon this person; and we had something to drink together; she said she had a trifle of money to make up that she did not want her husband to know of; she told me to pawn this coat and hat for her, and as I did not go back again to her, she went to Mr. Hincksman, and stopped these things.
