You live in Piccadilly .
I do, I keep a menagerie ; the prisoner I the bar came into my service in January last, he continued till May, and then he absented himself. I told the prisoner I had missed them, he said it was a great pity, and he wondered very much how it could be.
When did you miss these things.
I missed them sometime before he left me. In November I went to his house. in East Smithfield; I found the property there, he was not at home when I went in, and we did not begin to search till he came in; and then he said we should find some feathers, and that would be all. He said the parasol he had found in the shop. I said Bell you and I have always had a good understanding, till you went away in the manner you did; how is it you have these things; he said he took them for his own security, he said he had offered the feathers for sale, and could only get a guinea for them, or else he would have sold them. Then we went to Marlborough street. When he was with me he was to have fifteen shillings a week and his wife was to have fourteen shillings a week, during the exhibition.
This man came to your service in January, and staid with you till April or May; were you at home all this time.
No, I was a good deal out.
For pleasure or business.
Only on my business.
Where might you have been at these times.
In Buckinghamshire.
Were not you in Surry.
Yes.
By the bridge.
I was in the bench.
You stated you went to Marlborough street.
I did.
It was not the first time you was there.
No.
In what character have you always appeared there, as prosecutor; do not hesitate Mr. Brookes, did you always appear there as a prosecutor.
No, I appeared there in consequence of having a dog, it was a false charge, the gentleman swore to it. I was obliged to give bail to it.
You were not satisfied with the magistrate, you were tried at the sessions, and there the magistrates were of the same opinion with the magistrates at Marlborough street.
I was convicted of a penalty and I paid it.
This man's wife was to have fourteen shillings a week, was it ever paid.
I never knew what was due to them, they received money at the exhibition, and paid themselves. I do not believe that I am in debt to them a shilling.
Did he never say so.
No.
In the month of May when he left your service, and till the month of November, you never saw him.
Yes I did.
When did you first see him.
A little time before he was taken into custody; I said Bell I am very glad you are come, for Mr. Richardson charges a bill of twenty pounds which you have paid.
Was that after he left his lodgings in Rupert street that he called at your house.
I did not know where he lived.
Did you tell him that you had been robbed.
No, I did not think it right till I knew where he lived.
Why did not you send for a constable.
I was in great business.
What was that great business.
I cannot say.
You say you had some great business, I insist upon your telling the jury
I had some particular circumstance.
What was that great business that prevented you from\\ send\\ ing for a constable; do not you know the obligation of an oath.
Yes.
An oath is to swear to the truth and the whole truth and nothing but the truth; as you have told the jury that you had business so extremely pressing, what was that business so extremely pressing.
Why I was in fear of being arrested.
Did that prevent you from\\ send\\ ing for a constable, I will have an answer to the question, or I will send you to Newgate.
I had an execution in the house, I was obliged to attend to it, I can say nothing more.
Then how dare you say you had business to attend to; your goods then was in the hands of the sheriff's officer.
I considered that was business of consequence to me.
Was that the business that prevented you from\\ send\\ ing for a constable.
It was. I was going to get the money that was owing me, and if I had given charge of him I must have gone to Marlborough street.
What prevented you from making the charge the second time you saw him.
I wish to make up this matter of twenty pound between Mr. Richardson, if I had taken him up I did not conceive he would have come respecting the twenty pounds that he had paid, he went to Mr. Richardson, I was not satisfied with the account that he gave to Mr. Richardson; I immediately after that searched his house, the next day or the day after.
You have now spoke to two times of that man coming to your house.
I do not think that he came more than three times.
Why did you not take him up the third time.
The third time I think I met him in Cranbourn alley, and the third time he called at my house I was so ill.
This makes four times you saw him without taking one single step to apprehend him.
I cannot state whether it was two or three times.
Pray, sir, when you met him in Cranbourn alley did you come up to him, or he to you.
We met, I cannot speak positively.
Upon your oath have you no remembrance of what he said to you in Cranbourn alley (witness paused) , are you dumb or deaf.
To the best of my recollection it was about Mr. Richardson's business.
Was there any conversation about the money you owed his wife.
There was nothing passed about money, but Mr. Richardson's business.
Do you swear that he made no demand either upon account of his own service or his wife's in Cranbourn alley.
I cannot say that he did.
Do you mean to put your credit to the jury, whether this man who is suspected by you of having robbed you, made any demand of money due to him.
I cannot recollect; the conversation that passed was only momentary in Cranbourn alley.
Then if it was momentary you must recollect what passed.
All that I cannot recollect respecting money due to him, says I, Bell this business of Mr. Richardson's must be made up.
Mr Brookes do not imagine the court to be imposed on in this way; I ask you upon you oath did he in that momentary conversation make any demand of money due to him, aye or no, I ask you again, do you swear that he did or did not demand money at that time.
I cannot swear whether he did or not.
You did not turn back to apprehend him.
I did not.
