I am a farmer at Theobald's park, in the parish of Enfield: last Thursday was a week, in the evening, I was robbed of a quarter of lamb and a linen cloth; my cart was standing at the door of the Fallow Buck, at Clay-Hill, Enfield ; I met with a friend, who asked me to drink; my friend walked into the house, and I staid at the door; the prisoner came rushing out of the house by me and the mistress, who were standing together, and made towards the cart; he seemed to be very much in liquor; he stood making water, apparently, some considerable time; the mistress and I went into the house to see after my friend, by which time the prisoner had returned into the house; I walked towards the door back again, where I met John Liberty , one of the witnesses, with something in a white cloth; he said do you own this; I said it looks like my quarter of lamb wrapped up in my cloth; it was nearly dark, but I took it, and went to see if mine was gone; I looked in the basket, which I found empty; I examined the cloth, and knew it to be mine, and the lamb too; we laid a parcel in the same place where the prisoner had put the lamb, which was over some pails on some brambles in an orchard, thirty yards from the cart; about half an hour after he went out again; Mrs. Frencham, the mistress, and I followed him to the same place; as he did not know we had got the lamb, and had put a parcel in its room, he put his hand over the pails, but seeing us he returned back, and we accused him with taking the lamb; he went into the house again, and we followed him; he said he did not take it, or know any thing of it; a constable was sent for, and took him to the watch-house; next morning the prisoner called me on one side, and wanted me to make it up; I told him it was out of my power; he was taken to Lambeth-street Office, and committed.
He was very drunk?
Yes, he seemed so.
You say he went and put his arm over the rail?
Yes.
Was he not so drunk he could hardly put his hand over?
Yes.
You have got your lamb and cloth again?
Yes.
And you have had a journey to London to prosecute him?
Yes, several; this is the fifth day.
I am servant to the New River Company; going home from work, between six and seven, by the Fallow Buck, Clay-Hill, I met a man blundering along, who is the prisoner, and who seemed very tipsy; he had a cloth under his arm, with something in it; he was trying to wrap it round it; I did not know what; it drew my attention, and I stopped; in about half a minute I saw him lay it over the pails; as I knew Mr. Williams's cart, which I saw there, I watched the prisoner into the public-house, and looking through the window, I saw him sit himself down, and went to see what he had put over the pails; finding it to be meat, with the cloth thrown carelessly over it, I took it into the house; Mr. Williams was in the passage, and I shewed him the lamb; we agreed to wrap up something in its room, and I went and placed it where I took the lamb from, but left others to watch it; a constable was sent for.
This man was very drunk?
Yes; I expected him to fall.
After he put his arm over the pails, he went back into the house where the prosecutor was, and began drinking again?
Yes.
How far is this from town?
Fourteen miles; this is the fifth day we have been here.
And Williams has his lamb and cloth?
Yes.
I leave my case to my counsel.
