I am a tailor , and live in Denmark-street, St. Giles's: On the 14th of last month, I stopped at an alamode beef-shop in Holborn ; I went into the parlour, where there was the prisoner alone; I put the bundle on a chair between my back and the door; the prisoner went away, and presently the landlord came in, and asked me whether I had not a bundle when I came in; I said, yes; Mr. Richardson came in about five minutes before the prisoner went away, but nobody else; I looked round, and my bundle was gone; he told me, the man who sat opposite to me, had run away with it; we then pursued him, and he threw the bundle away; he was taken, and carried before a Magistrate.
I went into the room where the prosecutor was dining, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner was standing by the door looking at his change; the waiter came in to serve me, and, going out, asked the prisoner if his change was not good; he said, yes, but still kept looking at it; when the waite left the room, the prisoner took the bundle under his arm, and went out; it was a bundle in a silk handkerchief laying on a chair next the door; Mr. Hooper was reading the paper with his back to the prisoner; the landlord came in, and asked him if he brought a bundle in; he said, he did; then he told him it was gone, and they pursued the prisoner.
I keep an alamode beef shop in Holborn: On the 14th of January, the prisoner came to dine; I attended him myself, and just as he was going, Mr. Hooper came in; the waiter served him, and nobody else was in the room at that time; Mr. Richardson came in just before the prisoner left the room, and I saw him looking at his change a long time; I recollected Mr. Hooper came in with a bundle, but did not remember the prisoner had any; I saw the bundle in a chair before the prisoner went away; while I was getting Mr. Richardson's dinner ready, the prisoner came out of the parlour; I turned round to thank him, and saw the bundle under his arm, which immediately struck me; I went and asked Mr. Hooper about it; we then pursued the prisoner, and took him in a house in Short's Gardens, Drury-lane, in a back yard, in a kind of lumber place, quite dark.
I am waiter at Mr. Davidson's; I had given the prisoner change, which he looked at a long time; I went to order Mr. Richardson's beer, and the prisoner was coming out with a bundle under his arm as I went back; as I did not know but it might be his, I said nothing; upon learning he had stole it, we pursued him, and my brother-in-law, Davidson, called out, stop that man with the bundle, upon which I saw him throw it away, I was not twenty yards from him, and picked it up; Mr. Hooper took it from me, and I followed the prisoner, who I found in a back place, with his face to the wall. (The property was identified by William Hooper.)
I have nothing to say.
