On the 16th of December, near eight o'clock in the morning, I went into the Magpie, Fetter lane, I called for half a pint of beer; after I had been an hour, I asked the landlord's son, to take care of the bundle while I went to look after some work in the stables; I told him to be sure not to deliver it to any body but me, and I would call for it in an hour or two. The prisoner at the bar was sitting in the room all the time. I returned at eleven o'clock, and asked for my bundle, the landlord said he had delivered it to a man that described the handkerchief. The landlord and a young man in the tap went out in pursuit of the prisoner; he was brought back by the young man, but the bundle was not found.
You are sure he was the man that was there in the morning when you left the bundle.
Yes.
Your father keeps the Magpie in Fetter lane.
Yes.
Do you remember Dunkley coming into your house on the 16th of December.
Yes, between seven and eight in the morning, he gave me a bundle in a dark handkerchief; he told me to keep it till he came for it, he was going out for work.
When he came in with the bundle was any body else there.
Yes, the prisoner sat in the same box opposite of the prosecutor, he heard what he said, and he saw the bundle. At ten o'clock I went out with a message, and then the bundle was delivered in my absence.
You keep the Magpie.
Yes; my son left a bundle in the bar. The prisoner at the bar was sitting in the taproom when I got up a little before eight; the boy did not say any thing to me that he had taken in a bundle of any body; some time after, I do not know whether the clock had gone ten, the prisoner came up to the bar and said I shall thank you for the bundle I left with your boy. He described it to be a dark handkerchief with a hole in the bottom; I looked for the parcel, I found an handkerchief of that description, containing a bundle, I takes up the parcel, I called the young man that was in the house, I asked him if he had seen that man deliver the parcel to my son, he said he had not. I delivered the parcel to him, he said that was his stable jacket at the bottom, he had been over the way to get work.
I suppose you could see the stable waistcoat at the bottom.
Yes, through the hole. I am sure the prisoner is the man whom I delivered it to.
How soon afterwards did the prosecutor come.
About twenty minutes afterwards the prosecutor came and asked for the bundle, and then I called the young man that was in the tap to go and look after the man.
I am a porter to the White Horse, Fetter lane.
Do you remember to whom the parcel was delivered.
Yes, to the prisoner at the bar.
When the prosecutor came and gave information you went in search of him.
Yes. I met with the prisoner at a public house in the Strand, he was smoking his pipe. He asked me to drink, I told him no; I asked him whether he had not been in Fetter lane that morning, he said he had not; I told him he had, and he was the person that took the bundle out of the landlord's hand. I asked him to come back along with me, he said he would; he came along with me to Mr. Pearch's, and I fetched a constable.
Did you find the bundle.
No, he had nothing with him when I took him. They said at the house they did not see him bring in any thing with him there.
Are you sure he was the man.
He was the man that took the bundle from the landlord.
Dunkley, what did your handkerchief contain.
One shirt, two white handkerchiefs, two pair of stockings, two jackets, and a pair of shoes. The handkerchief had a hole at the bottom.
I am innocent of the charge brought against me. I was not on the spot that morning, I was at Lambeth.
