I am an attorney , in Castle-street, Holborn: On Thursday the 1st of May, I went to Drury-lane theatre , when I got there, there was a very large crowd at the pit door; after I had been standing about a quarter of an hour in the passage to the pit door, I found my right-hand breeches-pocket out, and my money gone; I immediately said I had been robbed, or I had had my pocket picked, I am not sure which; some gentlemen behind me, immediately exclaimed, he is gone back, in a brown coat, or there is a person gone back, in a brown coat; I immediately pressed through the crowd, and saw the prisoner about ten yards from me, or not so much, perhaps five or six yards, the crowd were then mostly gone in; he then turned his head round and saw me close behind him; before I came up to him, he threw some money which he had in his hand, into the dirt, and endeavoured to hide it in the dirt under his feet, he was then out in the street where the carriage wheels go; I immediately caught him by the collar; I then saw a Mr. Cooper, an entire stranger to me, he collared the prisoner; I picked up one piece of gold, I am not quite certain whether it was a guinea, or a half-guinea, and gave it to some gentleman that was standing by; the prisoner was then given into the charge of a constable who came up, and the rest of the money was then picked up with some difficulty in the dirt, the prisoner was then taken to Bow-street.
What money had you about you?
I had three half-guineas, a guinea and some silver; I believe a half-crown, some shillings and some sixpences; the officer had the money that was picked up given to him; I had not a farthing remaining in my pocket.
How soon before you felt your money go was it that you had seen it?
I did not feel it go, I found the pocket hanging out.
How soon before had you seen your money?
I paid three hundred and twenty pounds into my banker's, Child's, not half an hour before I went, and when I got to the theatre, I very incautiously pulled out my money and looked at it at the door, and I apprehend the prisoner saw it.
I take it for granted none of this money had any marks by which you should know it again?
No, I believe it to be mine only from the sum, three half-guineas I know I had, and a guinea.
I am a manufacturer of Derbyshire spar; I was going into Drury-lane theatre about six o'clock, the entrance to the pit door was extremely crowded; I observed Mr. Williams in company with two ladies, the ladies were a little before Mr. Williams; Mr. Williams was on my left hand, I was close to the wall on the right hand, the prisoner was exactly between us; Mr. Williams, the prisoner, and myself, were endeavouring to keep the crowd behind us from pressing upon the ladies; in the course of a few seconds, Mr. Williams put his hand down to his right-hand breeches-pocket, and exclaimed, my God, I have had my pocket picked, several people heard him besides myself; I told him, I had seen a little gentleman that was between us in a brown coat, go back; in consequence of this, we left the crowd and pursued him, several people, at the same time, crying out, he is there, he is there; upon going from the pit door, I observed the prisoner about the middle of the colonade, Mr. Williams was a few yards before me; the prisoner turned the corner of the colonade, I was then about six yards from the prisoner, he looked round, and at the moment that Mr. Williams was going to seize him, at that instant, I saw him drop out of his hand some money; Mr. Williams immediately seized him, he then took up half-a-guinea and put it into my hand; I searched among the dirt, and took up two half-guineas and some silver; while I was doing this, the prisoner was put into the possession of, I believe, two constables; we took him to a public-house in Bow-street; I had not the money out of my hand till I gave it into the hands of the officer.
That money that you had in your hand was a guinea, was it not?
The half-guinea that Mr. Williams picked up, two half-guineas that I picked up, and a friend of mine picked up a guinea, and put it into my hand.
Did you take up any silver?
I did, but I cannot say what.
The prisoner was walking at the time you saw him, and he dropped some money?
Yes.
Then I take it for granted you will not do more than the prosecuter has done, you will not swear to the money?
No, certainly not.
Did you see him do any thing with his feet?
No.
I am a manufacturer of Derbyshire spat; I happened to be going through Russel-street, I saw a crowd collected, I immediately looked into it, and saw the prisoner at the bar in custody of two officers; I rushed in amongst them, and enquired what was the matter, Mr. Cooper was then in the act of picking up money from the mud; I assisted him in that, and I picked up a guinea, what other money he picked up I am not certain, but I believe a sixpence, and a half-guinea; the prisoner was then taken to the public-house, in Bow-street.
I am an officer, the prisoner was given into my custody, I cannot say by who; I saw two gentlemen looking in the mud, and I saw one gentleman bring out two half-guineas.
On Thursday the 1st of May, about ten minutes before six, I was on duty at Drury-lane theatre; I was standing at the pit door, the people were going in very fast; I saw a man pushing out from the house, towards the street, which I believe was the prisoner at the bar; he turned to the right and went towards Drury-lane; soon after, I saw other persons follow him, Mr. Williams was one of them; he asked if I was an officer, and ordered me to take the prisoner into custody, which I did; I immediately searched him, I found in his pocket a handkerchief, a pair of gloves, and some shillings, which the magistrate ordered me to return him, I then took him to the Brown-bear; Mr. Williams and Mr. Cooper soon after came to the Brown-bear, and Mr. Cooper delivered to me a guinea, three half-guineas, a half-crown piece, one shilling and two sixpences.
Mr. Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, I was going to Drury-lane theatre, and was violently crushed, in consequence of which I drew back, and standing against the farther end of the colonade, Mr. Williams came up and charged me with picking his pocket, says I, sir, I believe you are mistaken, says he, why, here is my money, catching me by the collar; says I, it cannot be my money, and how it came here I do not know; says he, you are endeavouring to hide it, says he, what are you stirring your foot at; says I, sir, I see something lye there, and I suppose you would stir your foot to see what it was; Mr. Cooper came up at the time, and caught me by the collar, and likewise picked up some money; I was given in charge to Mr. Beresford, the officer, and taken to the Brown-hear; that is all I know about the mat ter; I positively deny any thing of the charge alledged against me; I am entirely innocent, and in your hands I trust my cause.
