Yes; the prisoner was my servant , she had lived with me about three months.
In consequence of some suspicion that you had you marked some notes.
I did, I deposited them in a scrutoire in the drawing room, I had marked some of them, but I afterwards was told that the number and dates were sufficient; I took the number of 38101, 9th May, 1806, entered John Lucy , one pound, and there was a cross to the last figure 1, I observed it when I took the number; the other number is 37291, 29th April 1806. 1 l. I marked that with a cross at the corner of it; the third number is 37300, 29th April 1806, 1 l.
When had you last seen all these notes.
I missed 37291 on the 26th of May, 37300 I missed on the 28th of May, 38101 I missed on the 27th of June.
At what time on the 27th of June had you last seen that.
I believe it was about a quarter past four o'clock in the morning, it was then in that cabinet.
When did your ladyship miss it.
About half after six the same morning; upon missing the notes I went up stairs into my maid's room to see if they were all asleep, my suspicion rested upon three, the servant maid who undressed me, and the servant who let me in, and the servant who came home with me; I called up my housekeeper and requested her to come to me immediately, which she did. The men servants room were searched first, nothing was found; I then with my housekeeper went up into the prisoner's room, I found her in bed, I told her I had missed two notes since I came home that morning, and that they must be in the house, she told me I was welcome to search her pockets, there were nothing in them but her own property; my housekeeper lifted up her bed, found her pockets and searched them, we found nothing there; on lifting up the mattress my housekeeper found another pocket, which she gave to me, the prisoner then said it was her pocket, there was nothing in it but what was her own and nobody should see it; she attempted to snatch it, I took the pocket down stairs, and desired her to follow as soon as she had got her clothes on; I did not open it till the prisoner came down stairs; it was opened first in her presence, and various articles of mine were found in it, and among them the two notes I had lost, one of which is 38101.
What did the prisoner say or do upon your finding the notes.
She said she had taken them.
Who was present at the time the pocket was searched.
Mr. and Mrs. Markham, my housekeeper, and colonel - .
Are you sure that this is one of the notes that you saw at one o'clock.
I am sure it is.
I believe the prisoner and you had agreed to part.
We had, she was to have gone away that very morning.
Where did you discover these other notes.
They were in her breast, she took ten notes from her breast herself and held them in her hand, they were taken out of her hand, and the other two notes in the indictment were among that number; there was the 37291 that is marked with a cross, I made it myself, and 37300, I have no hesitation to say that they are my notes.
Had you observed any thing during the time that she lived with you that appeared that she was deranged.
No, she was sometimes confused and melancholy, but I had no notion that she was deranged, I recommended her to a lady, I only took it to be a stupidity.
I am housekeeper to lady Campbell; I went up stairs to the prisoner's room with her ladyship, the prisoner was in bed, we found a pocket under the matress, which I gave to lady Campbell.
What was the conduct of the prisoner at the time you found the pocket.
She said there was nothing in the pocket but what was her own.
Did you see it after it was opened.
I did, there was some cloth, some pieces of lace, and three one pound notes taken out of it.
The other notes were taken out of her bosom.
They were.
Do you know the prisoner.
Yes, about twenty-five years, I have seen her very frequent during that time.
During that time in your judgment, has her mind been found all that time.
By no means in my opinion, from her incoherent manner of asking of questions, and before you could answer she would go into some other subject, she would jump up and go out, and after wandering up and down, she would return home.
What are you.
My husband is a turner in Mount street.
Has she ever been prevented from committing any violence to her own person.
That has nothing to do with my crime now.
She took laudanum to the\\ amountof three ounces.
Did you see her take the laudanum.
No, I was told so, but before she took it I had reason to believe she was bad in her head; that is seventeen years ago.
Have you known any one act within these five years of this woman's derangement.
Not within these five years.
I am a dress maker; I have known the prisoner fifteen years, I thought her deranged at most times.
Down to what time has she so conducted herself that you thought her deranged.
Within these six or seven months she lodged with me, she frequently shaved her head, she said it relieved her, and she would cut her head, she said the more she cut it the more service it was to her; I was so alarmed at it once that I called out, and I took the razor and hid it; she got it after that and used it frequently.
Who did she live with before she went to lady Campbell,
With Mrs. Campbell of Devonshire street, she lived there about eleven or twelve years.
And able to her business.
Yes.
You are the husband of Mrs. Freeman.
Yes, I have known the prisoner twenty-four years; about fifteen or sixteen years ago she lodged in Jermyn street, and during the time I went to her she was as insane as could be, she would have died on the bed at one time if it had not been for me; an apothecary was called in, we hauled her about the bed all night to prevent her going to sleep; and during the time she was out of place she used to become so wild and unpleasant, she said she certainly must make away with herself if she could not get a place.
Did you see her after she went to lady Campbell's.
Yes.
What did you observe of her then.
Nothing more than her coming in and winding her hands, and talking from one thing to another.
Did you ever tell lady Campbell of her deranged state of mind.
No.
Have you ever lived fellow servant with the prisoner.
Yes, at Mr. Gervaise's, Greek street, Soho; I lived with her about six months.
During the time that she lived with you did she appear to be of a found mind.
Quite the reverse; one day we were going to have company she gave me two letters to deliver, and she cried when she gave me them.
Did she ever do any thing to herself.
Yes, one day I found her in a stupid state on the bed, I called in two medical gentlemen, they gave her medicine, and with great difficulty they brought her to herself, this was in the year 1793.
Did it appear that she had taken poison.
Yes, there was the remains of the laudanum in the bottle.
Did the apothecaries send her to St. Luke's or any where else.
No.
This was in the year 1793, she was discharged in consequence of this.
She was discharged from not being competent for her situation.
What was she discharged for.
For a reason I do not know.
I have known the prisoner sixteen or seventeen years.
Have you known her down to this time.
Not for the last twelve years; from what I saw of her conduct I did not think her right in her head, when she was speaking to you of one thing, she would leave it and ramble to another.
Is she the only woman that you know to ramble from one subject to another.
I cannot say.
(to Mary Jones ) You lived fellow servant with her three months, had she any appearance of any derangement.
I never saw any.
(to Lady Campbell) I understand this woman came to you from Mrs. Campbell, had you a character with her.
Yes, I had a good character with her, she lived with her eleven years.
Did Mrs. Campbell give you any hint of any derangement in her mind.
No
Did you ever observe any derangement in her mind when she lived with you.
No.
