- I am a washer-woman , and sent the things home by my little boy on Saturday the 23d of July: On the Tuesday following the prisoner brought them to me to wash; I washed for him at the same time; the marks are picked out, but I knew them.
How long had you washed for the prisoner?
Five months.
He knew your boy?
No, he was always at school when he came.
The prisoner brought the things to you?
Yes.
You were answerable for the property?
Yes.
Your son is not answerable?
No.
On the 13th of July, between seven and eight o'clock, my mother sent me with a bundle of linen to Mr. Martin's, No. 10, Leicester-square ; I knocked at the door, and the prisoner came up, and asked me whose linen it was; I told him Mr. Martin's; he asked me if there was any message to leave; I said, no; I gave the bundle into his hands; he said, he would take care of it; he did not ask for it, but I thought he lived in the house; I then went home.
Did you know the prisoner?
No.
How long were you with him?
About three minutes.
Can you swear to him?
Yes; I was shewn the prisoner before the Justice, there were two or three with him.
You have had a great number of conversations with your mother about it since?
Yes.
I am an officer, and took the prisoner into custody; he did not account for it, but said he was innocent.
I bought the things at a sale in Brewer-street.
I live in Fetter-lane, and am a haberdasher; I have seen the prisoner once or twice; I was at the King's Arms, Brewer-street, with a friend on or about the 25th of July, when a young man came in, and offered some things for sale, shirts and other things, and the prisoner gave 19s. for them; I did not examine them.
I live in Great Shire-lane, Temple-bar, and know the prisoner; Williams and I went to the King's Arms on Monday the 25th of July, and saw the prisoner buy some things of a young man about twenty-four or twenty-five years old, who was in a light-brown coat; I think there were two shirts, three neck-handkerchiefs, two pair of white stockings, and a pocket-handkerchief with a red border; he asked twenty-four shillings, and took nineteen shillings; he was not at all like the prisoner.
