I am an officer of Worship-street: On Thursday the 24th of April, I went to No. 43, Clements-lane , near Clare-market, about twelve o'clock; I went up stairs and knocked at the garret-door, I heard the footstep of a person, the door was opened, and there was the prisoner; I said, again, what is it you, master Dight; he was secured; and in that room was this engine, and this cutter in the engine; the engine was fixed upon a soldier's jacket and a place of sacking; these blanks in the cupboard, this cecil lying by the side of the cutting engine, a quantity of sand-paper, some file-dust, and the necessary apparatus for cutting out these kind of blanks.
In short, may it be used for cutting round blanks out of bars of gold, silver, or other metal?
Yes.
Did they appear all of a size?
These three appear to be all of the size of a shilling; this one appears less.
Does that belong to the engine?
No, it does not.
Did you find any oval cutters to make oval patterns, or any other shapes?
No.
Yes; there were a great many others, oval and square too.
If there had been any others I should have brought them.
I was with Armstrong: I went up into the garret, and behind the door, upon the right-hand, was a turning lathe, to smoothe the edges, and a great deal of file-dust; upon the right of the lathe, in a corner, was this cutting engine, which was placed upon a sack, and a soldier's jacket, it had the appearance as though it had recently been at work; some of these bars of metal were laying down by the side of the engine; I saw Mr. Armstrong find a paper of blanks in the cupboard in the same room; over the door, I found two blanks of the size of a sixpence, they had not been coloured; and two more blanks of the size of shillings; and then I found a bottle with two of three drops of aqua-fortis in it; and behind a skirting-board I found three more blanks; I observed the prisoner's hands to be all over dirt, as if he had been at work; there were files, and scowering-paper, and all the things that have been produced.
The prisoner lodged in my house at the time he was apprehended, he had the two pair of stairs and garret; he said he was a brass-turner.
Did you ever learn from him, or make any inquiry of him, in what particular branch of that business he was?
I asked him what branch of that trade he was in, and he told me in the lamp way.
Did you ever see any work carried out from there?
No, I never saw any work go out or come in; the master used to come sometimes, and seemed angry because he was not at home to mind his business, that there was some piece of work in hand that was wanted.
Can you tell me whether that engine is necessary for any thing in the lamp way?
No, I should think not in the least; for in coffin furniture, and lamp work, they use a stamp.
Is not that engine used in the lamp way?
I believe not; I have been all over the factories at Birmingham, and they work with a stamp upon the stump of a tree, without a fly at all.
I am a chaser, I chase buttons occasionally; the prisoner is a brass turner .
In the course of his trade, is that sort of implement necessary to be used?
Yes, it is; it must be cut before it is turned; the gentleman that I work for has got such a one; no man in the button line can do without.
Was he employed in the button line?
Yes, for one John Johnson .
Is Johnson here?
No.
A button maker makes the shank as well as the button?
Yes.
Do you know where Johnson lives?
No.
Have you been to look after him?
No.
Have you seen the prisoner since he has been in prison?
Yes, several times.
And he never asked you to look for him?
No.
Do you know any thing of the brass turning work for lamps?
Yes; there are rims of lamps that I have turned for Mr. Lacey in Cursitor-street.
This is nothing like the rim of a lamp?
No.
Where do you live?
At No. 4, Butcher-row.
