I am a post boy to William Smart of the Toy, Hampton-court.
On the 12th of May last, had you been from the Toy to London
Yes; I returned at nine o'clock in the evening; I stopped at the barber's-shop at Kensington ; I went into the shop.
Where did you leave your horses
At the door; the horses had the harness on, and the saddle on the riding horse.
Had they the traces of a post chaise
Yes.
How long did you stay in the barber's shop
About six or seven minutes; I went into the shop to be shaved.
What day in the week was it
Last Friday the 12th.
How did you fasten your horses when you went in
I left them loose, there was nothing to tie them to.
Did not you think that the horses would run home to the Toy
One was nearly blind, that was the saddle horse.
When you came out, what did you observe about your horses
The horses were gone, it was dark; I went after them directly, towards the Toy, on foot; I ran after them; I went to Smallborough-Green before I stopped. It is on the same road, just before you get to Hounslow.
How far was that from the barber's shop
About six miles.
Did you enquire on the road
Yes; I enquired for the horses; the turnpike man saw them go through the gate; he gave me information.
In consequence of that information, what did you do
I stopped at Smallborough-Green, and went to bed for three hours.
How came you to go to bed
Because I was tired with walking so far.
Had you been drinking that day
No, not at all; I had nothing that day till I came to Hammersmith.
Will you take upon yourself to say you were not in liquor when you went in the barber's shop
Yes.
When you got up at Smallborough-Green, what did you do
I enquired at the turnpike gate at Smallborough-Green.
How came you to go to Hammersmith, and then to go to Smallborough-Green
I had something to eat and drink at Smallborough-Green.
How much did you drink at Hammersmith
A pint of beer.
Then you went on to Smallborough-Green
Yes, that was on the Friday night.
When you got to Smallborough-Green, you heard nothing about your horses
No; I came back to Brook-Green, by Hammersmith; on the Saturday morning; I enquired there, I could not hear any thing of them. I then went to the King's Arms, at Acton-Bottom; I saw the ostler cleaning one of the horses.
That is out of the Road to Toy
Yes. That is in the Uxbridge Road. The ostler gave him up; I took the horse in my hand; I found the other horse tied to a post, by a sadler's shop; the saddle was changed; my new one was taken off, and an old one put on. The prisoner was in the sadler's shop.
Was it the prisoner at the bar - look at him
Yes; I told the prisoner they were my horses; he tried to get away directly; he run through the sadler's shop, down a court; he fell over a gate, and we took him.
Who was with you
The blacksmith, and the sadler.
How do you know that he had your horses
I was informed so.
In fact, you secured him, did you
Yes.
What is the prisoner
He is one of the Oxford Bs.
I am ostler at the Kings'-Arms, Acton Bottom .
Do you know the prisoner at the bar
Yes. On Friday night, the 12th of May, about half past ten, the brought with him two horses.
What sort of horses were they
Bay horses; they seemed to be post chaise horses; one had a saddle and bridle, the other had a collar and bridle, of a led horse. There were no traces on them at all.
When he came in about ten o'clock at night, what did he do
He put up at our house, I had the care of the horses, and he slept at our house; in the morning he got up about half past five; he went into the stable, he put the saddle and bridle on the horse that he rode; he brought him out of the stable, telling me he was going to have a shoe put on; he left the other horse in the stable; he ordered me to feed the horse, and clean him, and give him some water, I did so; at the time I was cleaning the horse, Girdler came and owned the horse; he asked if there was not another belonging to it, I told him there was; he was gone to the blacksmith.
Did Girdler go towards the blacksmith
Yes. The two horses and the prisoner were all brought back to our house.
Then Girdler went away with the two horses
Yes.
Do you remember in the course of Friday evening, or on Saturday morning, the prisoner giving any account of the horses, what they were
I asked him in the morning if they were coach horses, he said one was a coach horse, and the other was an old charger; he told me that he had been taking a carriage to town for his master.
Did he tell you who his master was
No, nor did I ask him; he said he was going to take them to the barracks, after he had got one shod.
. Now the horse that you saw at the stables, at the King's Arms, are you sure that was your master's horse
Yes.
Are you sure that the horse that you saw facing of the sadler's, that horse was likewise your master's
Yes.
In consequence of this, you took both the horses, did not you
Yes; and my master has had them ever since.
. The horse that was brought back with the prisoner, was that one of the two horses that he brought in the night before
Yes.
I am a blacksmith.
Do you know the prisoner, look at him
Yes; he came to my master's shop on Saturday morning the 13th, he brought a horse with him to be shod.
Is your shop facing a sadler's
No.
He did not tell you how he came by this horse, did he
No; I shod him.
Did the prisoner take the horse away
Yes; after I put the shoe on the horse, he sent me for the other horse to be shod all round. I went for the other horse, I found it in the possession of Girdler.
Were you with Girdler when the man was taken
Yes.
Do you remember any thing of his attempting to escape, did he run away
Yes; I ran after him with Girdler.
I had been punished by the regiment a great deal; it made me quite careless almost to think I should be punished, and not in fault; for that reason, I was careless what I did. I did not take the horses with intent to make money of them, or steal them. A gentleman that I never saw in my life before, persuaded me to ride the saddle horse, and be rode the other. We went on the road, I cannot tell what place it was; I never was in the country before. The other man took the traces off the horses; I asked him what he was going to do with them, I thought it was wrong; he said you never mind; he told me to put up at the house where the ostler lived, he would call at eight o'clock in the morning. As we were riding along, I perceived the horse I was riding, go lame; I said we had better get him shod, than for the horse to go lame. When I came to the stable in the morning, I asked the ostler where I could get a blacksmith, he told me. I took him to the blacksmith; I saw the other horse wanted shoeing all round. I told the blacksmith to fetch him.
