Where do you live?
Upon a farm of the Earl of Besborough, called Newland Farm, near the Bald-fac'd Stag, upon Putney Common .
Do you rent the farm?
I act as bailiff to Lord Besborough ; it is situated in the parish of Putney, near Roehampton, within half a mile of my Lord's house.
What do you know about these sheep?
Last Monday was a week there were thirty-seven sheep; twenty-six of them were South Down ewes, ten were horned wethers of the Wiltshire breed, and one horned ewe of the Wiltshire breed.
That was the whole of the stock?
Yes.
When had you last seen them?
I saw them myself on the Monday in the afternoon; they were all in the same field, and the gate locked; there was a large stake put down against the gate, because it had been broke open before.
What time on the Monday?
About four o'clock; the next morning the shepherd informed me they were gone; the shepherd is here; I went in pursuit of them.
Did you go yourself to the field?
Yes; the lock was broke open, and the stake pulled up, and thrown on one side.
Did you yourself afterwards see any of those sheep again?
Not till the men were detected with them.
When did you see the sheep again?
Last Thursday.
You are sure they are my Lord's sheep?
Yes; they had the same marks as they had when I bought them; I bought the twenty-six South Downs at Croydon fair, about three weeks before.
How long had you had the others?
Last May.
Had any fresh marks been put upon them?
No.
How were the South Downs marked?
There was the letter S inclosed within a circle.
What marks had the Wiltshire sheep?
None, but I could distinguish them very well.
You are shepherd to Lord Besborough?
Yes.
Did you look after the sheep at Newland Farm?
Yes.
What number had you there?
Thirtyseven.
Of what sort?
Twenty-seven ewes and ten wether sheep; twenty-six of them were South Downs, and the others were Wiltshire, and there was one horned ewe of the Wiltshire breed.
As a shepherd, perhaps you know all these sheep?
Yes.
How were the South Downs marked?
Some on the narrow side, and some on the broad side; they had an S, and a kind of a round letter; the S was in the middle.
How were there the Wiltshires marked?
They were not marked at all, only one of them had a sore back, and some pitch and tar had been put upon it.
Did you put it on?
Yes.
Was it one of the ewes, or one of the wethers?
One of the wethers.
How long before had this pitch and tar been put on?
About five weeks.
Have you skill enough as a shepherd to know how old these sheep were?
No.
Where had you last seen these sheep before they were lost?
On Monday the 18th, about eight o'clock in the morning, they were all then in the field.
Had you seen them later than eight o'clock?
No; the steward went in the afternoon.
Was the gate locked?
Yes.
Was there any stake drove in?
Yes.
What time the next morning did you go to the field?
About eight o'clock.
How did you find the gate?
Wide open.
Was the lock broke?
No, it was squeezed out on one side, and the stake drawn up, and laid on one side.
When did you see them again?
On the Thursday following, I saw them in a field belonging to Mr. Spragg, in the neighbourhood of Islington.
Are you sure that the sheep you saw there were the sheep that were lost?
Yes.
Can you swear to every one of them?
Yes.
You know them well then?
Yes; I fetched them back to the farm on the Thursday.
By what means do you swear to the wethers?
I can swear to their faces; I have been used to them.
You are a butcher?
Yes.
Where do you live?
In St. James'smarket.
When was it that you saw these sheep?
On Tuesday, the 19th of October, at the top of St. James's-market, what we call the country market, a few minutes before five in the morning; the man was standing at the paved stones, that we call the Terrace, with the sheep, that was not the prisoner; it was quite dark at that time; I went up to the man, and asked him who they belonged to; he said, they belonged to one O'Connor; I said, what is he going to do with them?
Did you afterwards see any thing of the prisoner?
Yes; I went and called a gentleman, who is here, of the name of Higgs, and he came to me; I communicated to him a suspicion of these sheep being stolen; when I came back, I saw the same man that I had seen before, and asked him where O'Connor was; he said, he is gone down to Mr. Welch's, to sleep for a couple of hours, and while I was talking to him, the prisoner came up; I asked him whose sheep they were; he said, they are mine; says I, what are you going to do with them; he said, he had brought them there to be slaughtered; I asked him who was going to slaughter them for him; he said, a couple of young men, who lodged at a public-house hard by; I asked him who the young men were, and he could not tell me their names; I asked him the sign of the public-house they lodged at; he said he did not know the sign, but pointed to the door; he knocked at the door, and called several christian names, as Tom, Dick, William, and several other names; then he turned back again, and I said, it is not worth while to let the sheep abide here, you may as well drive them into the market; says he, I don't care, with all my heart, they will be safer in the market than they will be in the street; I asked him where he got the sheep; he said he bought them about seven miles on the other side of Bagshot; I asked him who he bought them of; he said, of one Mr. M'Andrews; he said, there should be forty of them, but he thought he had lost two in coming along, he was not sure; I then gave our watchman charge of them in the street, and then I gave charge of the prisoner to another watchman.
What became of the sheep afterwards?
I sent them in the afternoon to St. John Wood Farm , at Islington, where they take in drift goods; on the Wednesday Mr. Wilson and the shepherd came, and saw them; Howard went with, them to shew them the sheep, and the next day they had them away.
When was it you first knew any thing of this matter?
On Tuesday morning, about five o'clock, Mr. Spragg called me up; I went to him in the country market, and found him talking with the prisoner; he said the sheep were his own; I asked him how he came by them; he said, he bought them; I asked him if he gave 60l. for them; he said, no, not quite so much; I asked him how far he had brought them that night; he said he had brought them from seven miles below Bagshot; I asked him if he was not afraid of losing any of them, driving them in the night; and he said, one walked before, and the other behind them, but he believed he had lost two; we then got them into the market, and there I asked him how much he gave a-piece for them, and he said, he bought them in four lots, one of the lots he gave 32s. a-piece, and another lots, 28s. another lot, 17s. 6d. a-piece, and another lot, 16s. and he said they should not be long before they had their jackets off; then I consulted with Mr. Spragg what was to be done, and we thought it was no use to detain the sheep without detaining the man; we then gave charge of the sheep into the hands of the watchman belonging to the market, and then we went into the country market again, and gave charge of the prisoner; he told us likewise that he had eleven pigs in his possession, and the lads that he had engaged to kill the sheep, were to kill the pigs at 2s. 6d. a-piece, and seven sucking pigs at 6d. a-piece; he said he dealt largely in poultry likewise, and then we took him to the watch-house, and the sheep were sent away to the Farm; the sheep were very much out of condition, and not fit for slaughtering; we asked him how he could think of killing them, for he could not make any thing of them to sell again, but he said that was the best way to make the most of them; he said he would make us pay for any that were lost; the wethers were in a good deal better condition than the ewes.
Did Mr. Spragg give you any sheep to drive any where?
Yes; thirty-seven.
Where did you take them to?
To St. John Wood Farm.
That was on the Tuesday?
Yes; and the next day I went again with the steward and the shepherd, and saw the sheep.
Were they the same that you had delivered the day before?
Yes.
Were you there when they were taken away?
No.
Did you see the shepherd afterwards?
No; the steward and the shepherd saw them at the Farm on the Wednesday.
You see that young man, the last witness?
Yes.
Did you see the sheep at this Farm?
Yes.
Will you undertake to swear they were all Lord Besborough's sheep?
They were all my Lord's, as far as I know.
Do you know that they were the sheep you had the care of?
Yes, I am sure they are the same.
(To Wilson.) Were you at St. John Wood Farm at the same time with the shepherd and Howard?
I was.
You have no doubt these were the same sheep?
Not the least.
The ewes were not fat, were they?
No.
Were the wethers fat?
No.
They were not fit for killing?
No; there might be two or three pretty fair sheep.
I was hired to drive the sheep by the person that Mr. Spragg saw first with the sheep: I met him on the other side of Kingston; he had thirteen pigs with him; he called to me, shipmate, where are you going; I told him I was going out into the country, to look for work; says he, come along with me, and I will give you 5s. to assist me to drive some cattle that I have got along with these pigs: there was a public-house just by, and I went in with him and had some ale; he said there were two more men in the town of Kingston that were to be along with us, upon which he went to the house where these two men were, and we sat there drinking till I suppose about ten o'clock at night; he then told me we had to go down to a turnpike very near, where he had the rest of the cattle, he did not tell me what cattle they were; he called for half a pint of gin, and told me he would go and have the cattle out; and as soon as he had got the sheep out, he came to the turnpike again, and I overtook the sheep with the other two men, they were about four miles a-head of us; we drove the pigs, and the other two men drove the sheep, till we got to Charing-cross, and then he desired me to drive the sheep to St. James'smarket, and if any body asked me whose they were, he desired me to tell them they belonged to myself, and that I bought them seven miles beyond Bagshot, upon which we drove them to St. James'smarket; I went into a house to lie down, and left another man watching them; a man came to me, and said, one of the butchers had looked at the sheep, and said, he thought they were stolen; I said I did not believe so, for what profit, says I, would it be to him to pay me to drive these sheep here, if they were stolen: so with that I met this man, and, as he tells you, he talked with me about the sheep; the other man ran away, and I was taken up; I have but just come over from the East Indies.
