I am gate-keeper to the Customs tobacco-warehouses in Well-yard, Goodman's-fields : On the 10th of September last, the prisoner was employed by the cooper in the tobacco-warehouses; there was a great quantity of leaf-tobacco in those warehouses; I rubbed down the prisoner a little after three o'clock that day, as he was going out; I found a quantity of leaf-tobacco under his shirt, next his skin; there was about a pound and a half of it; I asked him how he could do such a thing; he told me there was not much of it; and then he walked away; I scolded him for doing so.
Did he say any thing else?
He did not; I let him go, and kept the tobacco; I locked it up, I have had it ever since; (produces it;) the prisoner came to his work the next day; as soon as he came to work the next day I sent for an officer to take him into custody; the officer came, and I went with the officer down the warehouse, and found he had made his escape through the files; I saw no more of him till the Wednesday in Easter week, the 16th of April.
He made his escape in September?
Yes; my superior officer ordered me to go to Lambeth-street Office, there I saw the prisoner; he was committed for trial; I believe he had been at work previous to that time but two days; it is the same sort of tobacco that is in the warehouses.
I am warehouse-keeper of the warehouses in Well-street, Goodman's-fields: On the 10th of September there was a great quantity of this sort of tobacco in the warehouses.
You have the care and conduct of these warehouses?
I have.
I am clerk to Mr. Litchfield, Solicitor for the Customs.
Are those the names of the commissioners?
They are.
Lucas demanded a shilling of me, and said I should not work there long if I did not give it him; the next day he asked me for a shilling again; some time after that I met him upon London-bridge, and my wife was with me; he asked me where I was going, and I told him I was going to work in the Borough; and he told me I was very foolish not to give him the shilling, for I might have staid there till now.
Is there a word of truth in any thing he has said?
Not the least; it is as false as there is a God in heaven.
He says he met with you upon London-bridge?
I never saw him from the time he made his escape till I saw him before the Magistrate at Whitechapel.
How happened it that you let the man go when you found the property about him?
Years back it was a customary thing to take the tobacco from the men, and let them go; Government did not think it worth their while to prosecute, but carrying things on to such a pitch in taking the tobacco, Government began to be more severe, and thought proper to prosecute them; I did not know that till after the man was gone, when one Mr. Kelly, who is warehouse-keeper to the merchants, told me I had done wrong in not detaining him.
With respect to this warehouse, there has been no prosecution for stealing tobacco since Mr. Litchfield has been Solicitor for the Customs.
All I have got to say, is, that I nursed the prisoner's wife during the time that this transaction transpired, and while I was there they were very much distrest for money, and he left his work and went to work over London-bridge, at Mr. Mackenzie's; he is a sawyer by trade; and being short of money he took me one morning over London-bridge.
Was this after the transaction of the tobacco?
Yes; it was the latter end of September; his wife was delivered on the 2d of September; he was going to take me to his master's for some money; we met a man upon London-bridge, I am not confident who the man was; there were some words between them; the man said, you were very foolish to leave your employ; he said, how came you to be such a fool to leave your business; had you given me a shilling, this would not have happened.
Look at that man; is that the man?
I think it is like the man; I won't take my oath of it; I believe you are the man.
I never met the woman nor the man to the best of my knowledge, till I saw him before the Magistrate.
Is that the man?
I think it is.
You said to the best of your knowledge; it is a fact you must know, whether going over London-bridge, you ever met the prisoner and the woman?
I never did.
Did you meet him in the month of September, at any time?
I never saw him from the time he went away till I saw him before the Magistrate.
Did I not meet you several times, both morning and evening, as you were going to and from the tobacco-warehouses, and I going into the Borough to work; did not you and I go to the Tumble-down Dick in the Borough, and have a pint of porter, and toss which should pay for it?
No, I never did.
Where do you live?
In Little Suffolk-street, in the Mint, in the Borough.
How long have you been an officer employed by the Customs?
Twenty-oneyears next Christmas.
