I believe you are a sugar-baker, in Wellclose-square?
Yes.
You are acquainted with Mr. Price, the father-in-law of the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Were you in company with Mr. Price and the prisoner on the 7th of January?
Yes.
On Monday, the 7th of January, do you recollect any conversation passing between you and the prisoner or any other person?
The prisoner wished to speak to me, he called me out of the room, and told me that his stock-broker had failed, and he wanted an honest man to sell out some stock.
Did he represent to you at all what\\ amountof stock he had?
I understood from him sixteen thousand pounds.
Did you then, from this, recommend any person to him?
I recommended Mr. John Sherrot , of Ratcliff-highway.
I believe the prisoner was not present when you had some conversation with Mr. Sherrott?
He was not.
What are you?
I am a broker and auctioneer, I live in Ratcliff-highway.
Pray, have the Bank promised to pay you in case of conviction?
No.
Did the prisoner call at your house?
On the 8th of January the prisoner called at my house, accompanied with another person, whom I have since learned was Mr. Price, his father-in-law, a shoemaker.
Are you a stock-broker?
Yes, and an auctioneer: He called to tell me that he was recommended to me by Mr. Engell, a sugar-refiner, and he wanted me to sell out some stock for him; he came into the accompting-house, and on my asking him his name and place of abode, he said, his name was William Walton , of Malden, in Essex; I asked him how he stood in the Bank books, as gentleman, or otherwise; he said, as gentleman; I then asked him what sum of money he would wish to sell out; he turned round to Mr. Price, his father-in-law, and said, shall I sell out all, or part; Mr. Price made answer, sell so much as will answer your present exigencies. He then gave me an order to sell out seven thousand pounds stock, in the Three per Cent. Reduced Annuities, this was about twelve o'clock on Tuesday the 8th of January; he asked me then, when I should complete it for him; I told him I would get it ready by the next day, about twelve o'clock; he then said, he would meet me the next day at the Reduced Office, to make the regular transfer.
Did he meet you at the office on the same day?
I went to the Bank and sold out the stock to Joseph Lightfoot ; the prisoner came the next day, about the time appointed, at twelve o'clock, at the Reduced Office; he asked me whether every thing was prepared ready for him; I took the receipt out of my pocket-book, it was a printed one which I had filled up, I desired him to sign the receipt, and he signed it.
Did he return it to you?
He returned it to me after he had signed it.
Did he ask you any further question, whether that was all that he had got to do?
Yes; I told him he would have the Bank book to sign presently, but if he would stop in the Reduced Office a short time, I would fetch the person whom I had sold the stock to, and he would pay him for it.
He would give him a check for the money?
Yes; I went to see for him, and not seeing him I returned without him; and when I returned, I asked the prisoner if he had any body that could identify him as William Waltham ; his answer was, that he had got no person that knew him; he said, he knew no person there, as his former broker who had done his business had failed, of the name of Thomas Rutt, and he knew no other person; he said that Mr. Engell had recommended him to me, Mr. Engell knew him very well; I told him, that I never identified any person except I was perfectly acquainted with him.
Did he apply to you to identify him?
I will not take upon me to say whether he applied to me to identify him, he said Mr. Engell knew him very well; he then said, the business must stand over till to-morrow, and he would call on Mr. Engell, or some other respectable person, to identify him the next day; he made an appointment to meet me between the hours of twelve and one the next day.
Did you attend on the next day?
I took the receipt with me, and happened to meet Mr. Engell in the afternoon, and on the next day I attended; the prisoner did not come near me.
When did you see the prisoner again?
Between four and five that afternoon.
Upon this, did you give any information of what had passed?
I acquainted the Solicitor of the Bank of the transaction; first of all, I made my application to the principal clerk there.
When did you see the prisoner again?
The prisoner came to my house about half past four the same day, he was to have attended at the Reduced Office.
What passed between you then?
I asked him the reason why he had not come up to the Bank to do the necessary business, he had kept me all day there waiting; I think he said he had been in search of Mr. Thomas Rutt , but did not find him, he was out of town; he wanted to find him, in order to clear up any doubt about knowing of him; Mr. Rutt had purchased stock for him, but he could not find him till the next day, that was the reason why he did not come; I told the prisoner that he had used me very ungenteel, for the stock had rose two per cent. and I was obliged to sell the stock at the price agreed for.
Did you suggest any doubt of him?
I was then a little warm, I was very much hurt on the business, on the difference of the price of stock, paying this two pounds out of my pocket; I said to him, is your name William Waltham , or is it not William Waltham ; he said, no; that is all he said; I then said to him, how dare you assume the name of William Waltham ; you have led me into an error, and you have made me pay this money for you; he said, that money will be reimbursed; then in came Mr. Robinson, while I was in conversation, at that period.
Who is Mr. Robinson?
He is a corn-chandler, in Ratcliff-highway; he addressed the prisoner, and said, how do you do Mr. Turner.
Are you sure that he addressed himself to him Mr. Turner?
I can swear that he said Mr. Turner; he then said, I think you are mistaken in my person and name; I think he then said to the prisoner, do not you live as clerk to Stonard and Ryland; I do not know what reply he made, he seemed a little confused at that; I then said, as you have said your name is William Waltham , and it is not, I think it my duty to take you into custody, and I charged an officer with him.
Did the prisoner make any observation to what Mr. Robinson said?
He was a little confused, and I charged an officer with him.
You had sold this stock to Mr. Lightfoot, on the same day?
On the very same day.
When the prisoner came to you at the Bank, and you gave him the receipt which you before filled up, are you sure you saw him sign it?
I have sworn, and I mean to swear, that I saw him sign it.
He did not receive any money?
No, he did not.
I take it for granted, that he would not have received any money had the transfer been made?
He would not have received any money till the receipt had been given to one of the clerks at the Bank.
In the ordinary course of business, you should have the transfer of money first, and the receipt last?
The receipt is generally signed first, then the receipt witnesses to the clerk the number of the book put on the receipt; the clerk would not witness a receipt which he has not seen settled.
The clerk is witness of the receipt which he himself sees signed?
No; they do not see the receipt signed, they only see the book signed.
Till the receipt had been properly witnessed, and the transfer signed, the money would not have been paid?
Not till the receipt had been properly witnessed.
You could not have got any money till the transfer was signed?
Certainly not.
Could any money be got when the receipt was signed?
Certainly not.
Is it a practice for you, when you sell stock, to sign the receipt prior to the transfer?
Yes; and when the transfer is made and settled, the money is paid: then they give you a check, or the money.
Did you happen to be at Mr. Sherrott's on the evening of the 10th?
I was; before I went in, I was in conversation with Mr. Sherrott's brother at the door, Mr. Sherrott seemed very warm.
Who were in the accompting-house?
Mr. Sherrott and Mr. Turner.
Had you known Mr. Turner before?
About four years before, he lived with Messrs. Stonard and Ryland.
On that occasion, how did you address yourself?
As soon as they had finished the conversation which they were upon, I said, how do you do, Mr. Turner; he turned himself round, and said, I was mistaken, he turned towards me from Mr. Sherrott; I said, I could not be mistaken; I said, that he must know me, and I must know him; I told him my name was Robinson, I said, he must know me in the corn market; I said, you live with Messrs. Stonard and Ryland; he said, he did not know me; Mr. Sherrott got warm, said, that he not only wanted to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, but to ruin him and his family; he was immediately taken into custody; he made answer to Mr. Sherrott, whatever you are loser by it, you shall be paid again; Mr. Sherrott immediately called in the beadle, who was at the door; he said, he was in the hands of justice, and it should take its course.
You are a stock-broker?
Yes.
Are you acquainted with the prisoner, Turner?
I know him.
Had you been employed by Stonard and Ryland?
Yes.
Were you ever employed by the prisoner, Turner, to purchase any stock for him?
Never in my life; I never had five minutes conversation with him in my life.
Did you ever purchase any stock by the direction of Messrs. Stonard and Ryland for Mr. Waltham?
Yes, several times.
Was that at the time he was living with them?
Yes, and sometimes one clerk brought the order, and sometimes another, occasionally Turner brought them.
You are a partner in the house of Stonard and Ryland?
Yes.
Did the prisoner ever live with you?
Yes, as clerk.
How long has he lived with you?
Several years; whether three, or four, or seven, I am not sure.
During the time he lived with you, did he keep any of your books?
He chiefly kept the cash-book, and occasionally others.
Was it part of your business to purchase stock for your correspondents, and receive the dividends?
Yes.
Had the prisoner access to your books so as to have knowledge of the business?
Perfectly so.
Have you a correspondent of the name of William Waltham , of Malden, in Essex?
Yes.
Did you from time to time purchase stock for him?
Yes, repeatedly.
Do you speak from your own knowledge?
Yes.
Look at this note?
This is principally in Turner's hand-writing; it contains William Waltham , seven thousand four hundred pounds, that is the prisoner's hand-writing, it is altered to ten thousand pounds.
Whose writing is that?
I will not take upon me to say whether it is my own writing, or my partner's.
Is that an account of different sums received at the Bank?
His attorney applied to me to make out the different sums against dividend-day, and this is one of his lists; it is W. Waltham, 7400 l. altered to 10,000 l. 150 l. Cash Dr. to Sundries, 16th Oct. 1804, Cash Dr. to Sundries for half yearly dividends to 10th instant.
You are principal clerk in the Reduced Office?
I am one of them, there are two.
Will you have the goodness to refer to your ledger to the name of William Waltham , of Malden, in Essex, what sum was standing in his name on the 9th of January?
Ten thousand pounds on that day.
Will you have the goodness to look at the receipt - is that the sort of receipt that would be produced to effect a transfer in that stock?
Most certainly.
You do not mean to say that it is necessary to effect it?
It is part of it.
There are many transfers made out without any receipt?
Surely so.
That is a receipt between buyer and seller, and the only receipt that the buyer has under consideration; the transfer is entered agreeable to a ticket that is brought in by Mr. Sherrott for 7000 l. to Joseph Lightfoot , for stock exchanged, then the transaction of Mr. Sherrott, the broker, in order to make this transfer, was entered?
Yes, perfectly regular.
Nothing more then is necessary, than the appearance of the proprietor, in order to sign the book?
That is all.
So with respect to the purchaser, and with the person selling, they, according to the monies that pass between them, have a receipt?
Justly so.
But to the transfer it is necessary to have the signature of the clerk of the Bank, and the number?
The clerk of the Bank signs the execution of the transfer at the time the proprietor or his attorney signs; with respect to any witness to a receipt, that may or may not take place with the clerk of the Bank, because the witnessing clerk to the receipt has a ticket with the number that the stock is transferred.
You do not consider that as a receipt?
That receipt was filled up, and ready to be witnessed by the clerk.
After the transfer is made, and signed by the proper person of course, and the receipt signed, and the money paid that changes the property, then it would be wrote down on the accompts in the book; you have nothing to do with the receipt at the Bank?
No.
Except when it is brought to shew you when it is entered?
Certainly, it is an article of reference to us. (The receipt read.)
That transaction was only in its progress, without it was signed at the time by the clerk, it is of no sort of use; it could not have the effect of a forgery?
It could not.
The receipt as far as he had any thing to do is perfect; if it had been witnessed by the clerk it would have shewn that he had received so much money, it is in order to shew that something had been done, in another place that upon producing that they may without difficulty come to the transfer, that is the only use of it to the witnessing clerk, it leads his eye directly to the book, but till it is so signed the purchaser of stock only knows that this is the person that sells him the stock, and the witnessing clerk is only a voucher that the transfer has been entered; still this is a receipt; you are right that he has not obtained any of it, but he has executed one instrument, and that one instrument is the receipt.
Without the witnessing clerk had signed it, it is not a receipt for money, it is requisite that he should have signed it, and therefore a receipt should be given after rather than before.
I should think rather before the transfer, for when the transfer is executed, the party has conveyed away his interest.
Therefore it is like the conveyance of an estate, they should be done at the same time, afterwards to be delivered over to the purchaser, when the purchaser delivers him over the money, because the broker or the principal will not pay him the money till he sees all the ceremony complete.
It strikes me that the offence with which he is charged is signing a receipt for money; your question is whether this is a receipt for the money, I say a receipt for the consideration of money is a receipt for the transfer; he has signed a receipt for money after all, and in point of fact it matters not whether he did it first or afterwards; he has signed a receipt for the transfer, but when the transfer is complete, there is some mark put on the receipt by the officer of the Bank; then it is a transfer, the other is a receipt; he is not indicted for forging a transfer, he is indicted for forging a receipt; he has put his name upon an instrument purporting to be a receipt, there is something more to be done to it in order to make it a transfer.
This indictment is for forging a receipt, it has nothing to do with a transfer; whether this instrument was for a transfer of property is not the question, that is the use he meant to make of it afterwards, which is immaterial to this charge.
