I am the wife of Mr. Nathaniel Gundry , at South-Lodge, upon Enfield-Chace: On the 1st of May I was out, in my own carriage, upon Edmonton-Common , near Balam's house; a man on horseback came up to the window of the carriage, and took from me my purse containing ten or eleven guineas, I cannot say whether he was armed or not; I was very much confused at the time, and took no notice of the man.
You gave it to him?
Yes; I did not hear the words that he said, but he took it; I was so confused that I could not observe his face at all.
Was the state of your mind such that you could not see whether he was disguised or not?
I did not see any crape; I was very much confused, I was alone in the carriage; he asked me some questions, and then rode off; I was very much terrified, I did not take any notice of his person.
I am coachman to Mr. Gundry, I drove Mrs. Gundry the day she was robbed; we were three or four hundred yards from Balam's house, when a man came up to me; he was trying to put a crape over his face, I did not see his face, he ordered me to stop; he was on a dark brown horse, with a blaze of white in his face, that was all the notice I took of the horse; I have no knowledge of the man, I could not see his face.
I am footman to Mrs. Gundry, I was with the carriage when my mistress was robbed; As we were going from South-Lodge to East-Barnet, about three or four hundred yards from Joseph Balam 's house, a man on horseback rode up to the carriage, and desired the coachman to stop; he said, come madam, deliver madam; as soon as he had said those words he pulled off his hat, and tried to pull a crape over his face, which the wind blew down his back; by that time my mistress had got the purse out at the window; upon that, he put on his hat again, and took the purse; he then counted the money through the purse, and said, is this all you have got; Mrs. Gundry said, indeed it was; then he asked for my mistress's watch; my mistress said, indeed she had no watch; he asked for it again; she said, upon her life she had no watch; he then said, is this all you have got; Mrs. Gundry said, it was; then he wished her a good morning, and rode off.
Did you observe him all the time he was doing this?
I did.
Who is the person that did this?
That man that stands there, I am sure of it.
You saw him without any crape?
I did, and without his hat; I had a view of his face entirely.
Did you make any remark upon the horse?
Yes; the horse's head, and his eyes, the offside to me was half a wall-eye, and a blaze in the horse's face.
When did you see the prisoner again?
The day he was taken, the 9th of May; I do not recollect what day of the week it was; I saw him in the cart in which he was brought to town, about five minutes after he was taken.
Did you say any thing to him, or he to you, at that time?
No; I attended at Bow-street, and gave my evidence there.
Look at him again, and tell us if you have the least doubt that he is the man?
No; I have not the least doubt whatever.
He was in custody when you saw him?
Yes; Balam had just taken him.
You saw the horse also at Bow-street?
Yes; I rode the horse up.
The horse you rode up is the same horse that the man was upon?
I am certain it is the same that he did the robbery upon.
When you saw him in the cart, how happened it that you did not tell any body he was the man that robbed your mistress?
I did, to Balam and my master, as soon as he was taken; Mr. Gundry said, we have got the highwayman; I went and looked at him, and said it was the man.
This man met you?
Yes.
He came up to the coachman first, of course?
Yes.
Do you mean to say he came past the coachman, and up as far as the carriage, before he put the crape over his face?
He did not put the crape on at all.
Did you hear the coachman say he could not see his face for the crape?
Yes; he held his hat so, while he came past the coachman, trying to put the crape on.
Then he never had the crape on at all?
No, it hung down his back; the wind blew it over his head, and it fell down his back.
All this the coachman must have seen as well as you?
Yes.
It is a chariot, is it not?
Yes.
And that chariot standing still?
Yes.
And you are equally positive as to the horse?
More so of the man than of the horse.
He was by the side of the carriage when he was robbing your mistress?
Yes; his face was towards her.
Then he was behind the coachman?
Yes, with his horse's head straight to the carriage-door.
Did you see any fire-arms?
He did not shew any fire-arms at all.
I live very near Mr. Balam's house: The day that Mrs. Gundry was robbed, I was driving my cows upon the common, a man on horseback overtook me, and asked me what those two women were, in that field; I told him they were picking up some sticks; there was a man went into the field, and he asked me what he was going to do; I told him I thought he was going to take the sticks from the women; and he said, a son of a b-h, if I was there I would well lick him; he asked me if I had never been there; and I told him I never had; and he said, if I was you, I would fetch all that wood away by night; I said, Sir, you want to get us hang'd, don't you; and he replied, no, d-n hanging, they cannot hang you; and then I called to the two women coming across the field to come to me.
How long might this conversation take up?
He stopped with me near a quarter of an hour; he went on with his horse towards Edmonton-Common; I saw him go through the gate near Balam's house.
Whereabouts was Mr. Kingston's house?
Very near; close by.
Did he ask you any questions about Mr. Kingston?
Yes; he asked me if that family were then here; I told him, no, they were not here now; they were mostly in town, but came down backwards and forwards; then he rode towards Edmonton-Common; I had not got into my house before the news came that Mrs. Gundry was robbed!
When did you see him again?
The same man rode by me that very day that he was taken by Balam.
Look at the prisoner?
I really think that is the man; I am almost positive it is the man.
Are you or not positive?
I am not quite positive; but I think it really to be the man.
Did you recollect him again when you saw him the day that Balam took him?
Yes, I did.
Did you say so at the time?
I did not see him after he was taken; I saw him that same day.
What sort of a horse was the man riding?
I did not notice the horse.
I keep a stable for horses.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Did he at any time hire a horse of you?
Yes, on the 8th of May; he came the next morning for it, and gave me the name of Charlton, (produces a paper) ; this is his own hand-writing, he wrote it in my presence,
I wrote that myself.
How did you know his name was Franklin?
I heard it at Bow-street after he was taken; I sent to Mr. Castell's to inquire after such a person, I was satisfied, and I let him have the horse; the next morning he said he was to go to South-Mims, and return the same evening.
How far is that from London?
Between fourteen and fifteen miles.
Had your horse any thing particular about his eye?
A little white in his eye.
Is that what they call a wall-eye?
Not what we call a wall-eye; not a full wall-eye, but a speck of white in the eye.
Had he a blaze in his face?
Yes.
How was he dressed?
In a brown loose coat; he had boots on at the same time.
Had he that horse of you on the 1st of May?
No, never in his life before; the horse was at Swaffham, in Norfolk, Mr. Champante had him the 13th of April, and returned him the 7th of May.
Had you seen a horse much resembling your's?
I saw a horse whose hindquarters very much resembled my horse.
This man has given his evidence in the former trial; perhaps the Gentlemen of the Jury will be satisfied if I read it over; and if there is any thing that he wishes to correct he can do so,
Is what I have read, true?
It is all true.
Is there any thing that you would add to it, or take from it?
I saw him before he robbed Mrs. James, I thought he had been some gentleman, and I let him through the gate; I knew him again when I saw him.
Did you see Mr. Gundry, or his footman, after you had taken him?
Yes; as I was taking him to town, I saw Mr. Gundry Mrs. Gundry, and the footman; the footman said, in the hearing of the prisoner, that that was the man.
Did he make any answer to that?
He said, if we knew who he was, and the circumstances he had been in, we should pity his case; Mr. Gundry made answer, and said, no, not in these matters, these matters are terrifying.
I will read to you what you said before, and you will say whether it is correct,
My Lord, the day that I was apprehended by Mr. Balam, and when I hired the horse, I told Mr. Watson I was going to South-Mims, which is but a very little distance from where I was, I have an uncle lives there that I meant to have called upon, that was my reason for going that road; when I was taken, I was very glad it had frustrated my intention in a thing that I never was guilty of; and as to the day that they attribute the robbery to me, I was at Mr. Castell's in the morning, about half past eleven o'clock, and I only went to the other end of the town to see my poor mother, who is bed-ridden; I staid with her about an hour, or an hour and a half, and then I took a walk round and came to Mr. Castell's again; that I declare is the truth, and nothing but the truth.
You have heard Mr. Watson examined?
Yes.
Do you recollect the horse?
I cannot swear to the horse; I hired a horse of him on the 13th of April; I rode him a circuitous course by Swaffham; on the 27th I was indisposed; I remained at Swaffham till the 4th of May, and then I sent the horse to town by the waggon.
That waggon would arrive in town on the 7th?
I am satisfied that the horse that he had, when he was taken, was not the horse upon which the man who committed the robbery rode.
