I had the care of Mr. Marryat's chambers; about three months ago, the prisoner came to the chambers, between five and six o'clock, for a great coat; he came in, and said, Mr. Holder had borrowed one of him; Mr. Holder is Mr. Marryat's clerk; I told him there was no great coat there; he staid in the office about ten minutes, and then he went into the parlour, and took some books; he said, he wanted four books to do Mr. Marryat's business; I said, I would not let him have them, and he said, he would have them; upon that he took four; he wanted me to give them to him, but I would not; he took them away without my consent; I saw him again a month ago, at Bow-street, among other people, and I knew him; in about ten minutes after he was gone, Mr. Holder, the clerk came in, and I acquainted him with it.
Do you know the prisoner?
No.
Did you give him authority to fetch any books?
No; when I came to the chambers from dinner, I was made acquainted with the circumstance, and I went about and found them the same evening, at Mr. Nunn's, in Great Queen-street; upon my representing the way in which they had been taken, Mr. Nunn returned them; I opened them at Mr. Nunn's shop, and found Mr. Marryat's marginal notes in them; I knew his hand-writing.
I am servant to Mr. Nunn, bookseller, in Great Queen-street: About the latter end of September, or beginning of October; the prisoner brought some books to Mr. Nunn's shop; I did not so much look at the books as I did at the prisoner; I am sure he is the man; Mr. Nunn purchased them, he asked eighteen shillings for them, my master gave sixteen shillings for them. The books produced.
I am a bookseller in Queen-street; I have no recollection of the prisoner, the books were brought to me by a person, who said he was recommended to me by Mr. Brooke, in Bell-yard, being old editions, they did not suit him, and he frequently sends persons up to me with books that won't suit him.
These are my books, they have my hand-writing in each of them.
I know nothing at all about Mr. Marryat's books.
