My father is an attorney and notary-public , near Manchester-square ; he was employed by Messrs. Hammersley and Co. to note their unpaid bills; the prisoner was employed by my father as a clerk: On the 26th of February, I received two bills to protest, one of them was a bill for forty pounds on Mr. Peter George, of Newton-street, Holborn; I delivered that bill to the prisoner for the purpose of going to Mr. George's, to know the reason the bill was not paid; he went away about six o'clock, but never returned; I did not see him again till about three weeks or a months ago; he used to lodge at his father's, but I was not able to find him there.
The prisoner never accounted to me for this bill; I have paid the money.
I take it for granted, the next day you paid a visit to Mr. Gregory, to enquire whether the bill was paid or not?
No, I did not, I sent Charles Garman, my servant.
George is deceased?
I do not know.
Were you not here at his trial?
No, I have not been in this Court these ten years.
There was another note of nine pounds upon Mr. Jeffery, of Pall-Mall?
Yes.
You afterwards called upon Mr. Jeffery, and indemnified him?
Yes.
Did not the mother of the prisoner inform you he had lost the notes?
She came and made some excuse.
Did you not say, if they paid the money, and ten pounds more, you would not proceed against him?
I left it open before I instituted any judicial proceeding for his friends to make any proposals.
I am clerk to Mr. Wright; I went to Mr. Gregory, No. 14, Newton-street, and he shewed me the forty-pound bill, which he had paid.
I was very much intoxicated. I had been at a house in St. John's-street, Smithfield; I had a green money-bag in my pocket; I went to Gregory's house, he was not at home; a gentleman in the parlour told me, if I wanted to see Gregory, he was at a house in the neighbourhood; he went with me, and after taking me through several courts and turnings, we went into a public-house; Gregory was there; he asked me to sit down, and he would pay me; I repeatedly objected to staying, but he prevailed upon me to drink to a great excess; I staid about two hours; I then came out of the house, and became insensible; Gregory left me; I went through several turnings, and at last fell against a wall, and went to sleep; I waked about two o'clock in the morning; my recollection returned, I missed my pocket-book, green bag, and every thing out of my pocket; I then went into the fields, and remained the rest of the night. Through fear and shame, I absconded for a fortnight; I then went home to my mother's, and was concealed there till I was apprehended; Mr. Wright came in a blustering manner, and said if my friends had come forward, he would have taken it at half-a-crown a week.
I keep the Black Horse, Little Wild-street; I saw Gregory at my house on the 26th of February; I made up twenty-five pounds to oblige him to take up a bill with, which I lent him.
Do you remember seeing that young man with him?
Yes, he was in liquor.
Did you see any exchange of paper between them?
Not that I recollect.
What is become of Gregory?
He has been executed.
sworn. - I am the mother of the prisoner; he lived with me and his father while he was in Mr. Wright's service; he absented himself on the 26th of February for sixteen days; he was in a deplorable state; he had sold his great coat.
