I am a block-maker ; I live in Narrow-street, Wapping ; I can only speak to the property.
I am the wife of the last witness.
When did you last see this property?
On the 12th of January last I saw it in the top drawer of my chest of drawers in my bed-room; the prisoner lived with me till his bill for rent was two pounds; I made out his bill, and sent it up; he told me he would settle very soon. On Thursday morning, the 15th of January, he said he would go to the accompting-house, and bring me the money; I never saw him any more till he was taken up; on the 20th of January. I went to the drawer, and found the property was gone.
I would wish to ask Mrs. Williams respecting my behaviour during the time I was there?
He behaved very well while he was at our house.
I am an officer of the Thames Police; I produce part of the property - a silver mustard ladle and five duplicates, which he gave me up; he acknowledged to me that he had made away with the property; he likewise told me that he had sold a tea spoon to Mr. Burchall, in the Minories, a very respectable silversmith; I inquired there about the spoon, and about the young man; they told me they had bought a spoon, and they gave it to me, and he told me he had sold a large table-spoon to Barnett Moses; that we could never trace.
I am a pawnbroker, I live in Houndsditch; I produce a pair of salts pledged for twelve shillings, and a pepper-castor pledged for eighteen shillings; I cannot speak to the person of the prisoner.
I am a pawnbroker, I live in Cable-street, Whitechapel; I produce a silver cream-pot and a small window curtain; I know the duplicates, but I cannot speak to the person of the prisoner.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce a pair of buckles pawned by the prisoner at the bar on the 17th of January, in the name of John Clark , Union-street, for twelve shillings.
I am a pawnbroker; I live with Mr. David Windsor , No. 121, Minories; I produce a table-spoon pledged by the prisoner; I took the spoon of him, he pawned it for 8 s.
I am not prepared for my defence; my friends are not here; I do not know what to say, or where to begin first.
Can you account how you came by this property?
I had lived with Messrs. Garner and Co. about four months ago; I was promised a place by Sir Robert Braslet in the India-house, and during the time I and my father lodged with Mrs. Williams, my father went to Woolwich for three weeks; he was looking over a transport that was taking in stores; the rent was running on to Mr. Williams, and I expected my father up every day; he did not come; I was very much distressed, and Mrs. Williams wished her money paid; I did not know what to do.
