Please to name your partners, and state the particulars of this robbery?
My partners are, Robert Wyatt, and Clement Wyatt: The prisoner was in our employ about thirteen or fourteen years; and, on the 10th of May, I cut out fourteen pair of calf-skin boot legs; when I returned from breakfast, I missed one of those pair. In consequence of information, when the prisoner went out to dinner I sent for him back, and desired him to walk into the accompting-house; a constable searched him, and this piece of calf-skin was concealed under his waistcoat, the value is five shillings, and I know it to be one of the pieces I cut out in the morning; he denied having any thing at first, but afterwards, he was asked for what purpose he had taken it, and he said, to cover a chairbottom; I gave no permission to him, or any of our servants, to take any leather.
You would not have kept the prisoner thirteen or fourteen years unless you had a good opinion of him?
No.
Did he not add, that he meant to have brought it back, and applied to you to purchase it?
He did; and said, that he took it as being the cheapest leather, but it is the very dearest, he had no business in that part of the room where it was; there were other workmen in the room.
I am servant to Messrs. Birkett and Co. I was desired by Mr. Birkett to watch, which I did, and on the 10th of May, between the hours of twelve and one, I saw the prisoner take this piece of leather from where it was concealed, and put it under his waistcoat, near the place where he was at work.
There were a number of workmen in the shop?
Where he was, there were two other men usually worked, but were not there then.
I am apprentice to Messrs. Birkett: I saw the prisoner go out of the shop on the 10th of May, and saw him brought back again, and the piece taken from him; I saw him in the shop early in the morning, and when he first came in, he pulled off his coat and hung it up, then he passed by me and went down stairs, and returned with a piece of Russia mat, and this piece of leather concealed in it, which he then hid under some skins he was shaving.
I am a constable, and took the prisoner into custody; he said, he did not mean to steal it, only to take it to a friend who wanted a chair bottom cover, and he meant to ask his master for it, and to pay for it.
Gentlemen, I have worked with Messrs. Birkett and Co. a number of years, and don't know as I ever robbed them of a halfpenny in my life; I meant only to see whether it would cover my chair-bottom, and if it did I would pay for it, and not to wrong them on any account.
