I live at Mill Bank, Shadwell ; I am a black ash maker (pot ash); the prisoner at the bar was my servant .
I am the wife of the last witness.
Do you remember the prisoner at the bar leaving your service on the 12th of May.
Yes; on the Saturday prior I found her very much inebriated, I detected a bottle of rum in my own kitchen secreted, she confessed it was mine; on the 12th I searched her things, I found a pair of Morocco boots, and some trifling things, and a one pound bank note I found in a tin box in her pocket.
How came you to know it was your bank note.
I know the number, I had lost it, the number is 29613; when I detected it she said ma'am it is your's.
The things were taken to Mrs. Nelson's.
Yes.
I live adjoining to Mr. Brown's factory.
Do you remember the prisoner at the bar bringing any thing to your house.
Yes, on the 12th of May, about half after seven in the morning, she brought a bag tied up with packthread, as part of her own wearing apparel, she asked the favour of me to let her leave it at my house, I gave her leave; she said she was going away that day or the day after, and she had more luggage than she could take with her at one time.
Did you shew Mrs. Brown the parcel the prisoner left with you.
Yes.
I am an officer of Shadwell, I produce the property; Mr. and Mrs. Brown brought them to the office, there is a silk handkerchief that I took off the woman's neck in the office myself, and there is the note. (The property identified by the prosecutrix.)
When I went into Mrs. Brown's place, I only took a bundle with me to see how I liked the place, as soon as I came acquainted what kind of a lady I was with I gave her warning; the lady said if I would go she would have me taken up, and she never would pay me the two seven shilling pieces I had lent her; she kicked and called me violent names, and said I walked like a rotten hedge w - e; she told me she would cut my throat from ear to ear; she said that I had very little coming to me, she had lost several things and she should lay that to my charge; I never was in Matilda Nelson 's house; the boy, James Kirby , came into the kitchen with a new one pound note in his hand, he said he was going to pay it to the lighterman, I asked him to change it with me for an old one that I had.
Is that true.
No, I did not, I never paid any money for my master.
