I am a tailor , I live at No. 71. Jermyn street .
Have you the whole house.
I have the shop and back room, and garret for a workshop; the owner of the house lives in the house himself, his name is Robert Holton , there is a shop door and a private door, there is a communication from the passage into the shop and a shop door besides. On Tuesday the 24th of June, I believe about a quarter before twelve in the day, I took a piece of cloth and some nankeen and set it on the counter, the cloth might be a yard and three quarters in length, I was going to make use of it; that moment I was sent for to measure a gentleman about three hundred yards off, I did not stop above twenty minutes, when I came back I missed the piece of cloth and the nankeen; I had measured the prisoner the day before for his livery.
I am servant to William Trayner . A little before twelve o'clock the prisoner came in, a young man was sitting in the shop at the time of the name of Daniel, they shook hands together and asked each other kindly how they did, he went out, and in a few minutes he came back again, and asked me if Mr. Trayner was in the shop, I told him no, he would be in in a few minutes, I asked him if he would wait a few minutes, he said no, he would return again, I went over the road to the green-grocer's to prepare something for dinner, I stood on the step while the woman served me.
Could you see your own door when you stood there.
Yes, all the time; the prisoner returned and went into the shop while I was over there, and before I crossed the road he came out of the door, tucking something under his coat, and he was buttoning it; I knew he had robbed the shop, I ran round the corner of St. James'-street after him, but seeing I could not overtake him, and my having left the shop, I returned back again.
He was not taken then.
No, a very few minutes after that Mr. Trayner came in, I told him the shop had been robbed, he looked about to see what he had lost, he missed the cloth and the nankeen; after that, in the afternoon the prisoner came again, I wished very much to accuse him of the robbery, Mr. Trayner prevented me, he said he wished to speak to the gentleman about it, sir Hugh Owen . I am sure he is the same man.
When you went over the way you left the shop, are you sure that nobody went into the shop besides the prisoner.
Nobody went in but him.
Were the things ever found.
No.
This woman now says that it laid on the counter; at Bow-street she said it laid on a board in the window; after sir Hugh Owen had got my character I was with the prosecutor in the afternoon, he never accused me with a piece of theft till he and the constable came to the stable, the constable went to my lodging, he found nothing there but my property; it was not half past eleven when I saw this young woman.
