I am an apprentice to Mr. Gledhill, cabinet-maker , No. 5, Cole-street, near Aldgate .
Look at the prisoner, do you know his person?
Yes.
Do you remember seeing him on the 10th of November last?
Yes, between seven and eight o'clock.
I need hardly ask if it was quite dark?
It was quite dark; I was at work in the shop, and I heard some noise above at the shop-window; I listened to hear what it was about, and I heard some lads say, you shove the glass in, and I will take the things out.
What glass did you conceive them to be speaking of?
The glass of the shop-window; I came up stairs, and saw a piece of glass shoved in, and nobody near the windows.
Did you hear any breaking of glass?
No.
Had you seen the pane of glass any time before?
I saw it at dusk, about five o'clock; it was unbroken then.
You are very clear about that?
Yes; I went down stairs again, and then heard somebody come again; I went up stairs again, and perceived a hand in at a pane of glass.
Was it a man's hand?
No, it was a boy's hand; it was that very lad's hand; I immediately went out-side the door, and saw him with his hand still inside the glass; as soon as he took some things out he saw me, and ran away, and as he ran he threw some things into the kennel.
You saw him do that?
Yes; I then caught him, and brought him back to the shop; I went with him again to where he threw the things away, and made him pick them up; he gave them into my hand, and I took him back to the shop; I then went for a constable; he was searched; the glass was cut with a diamond, and some things taken out a week before; it was the same pane of glass; it had been made fast again with putty.
The putty was removed, and then the glass shoved in?
Yes; the constable found upon him a tea-ladle, which we had lost the week before.
What were the things found upon him?
Only a tea-ladle.
What was it that was picked up?
Six gilt pins; the constable has them.
I am a constable; I was sent for on the 10th of November; I took the prisoner into custody, I searched him, and found upon him a tea-ladle, which he acknowledged to me he had taken about a week before. - (Produces the tea-ladle and the pins.)
Look at those pins?
There are so many of these sort of things alike, that I cannot swear to them.
You are a cabinet-maker?
Yes; I am obliged to work as a journeyman, and I sell a few articles of this sort to help; the window had been cut before, and I put a piece of glass with some putty at the corner; it is possible that a spectator might have shook it out.
Was it at the top of the pane, or the bottom?
At the top.
I have nothing to say.
The boy's father is a very respectable man, a milkman, and the boy has borne a very good character up to this time; he was brought up in St. Luke's charity school.
