I grind paint for painting the mail-coaches : On the 28th of March, between eight and nine in the evening, I went to take a walk, as I always do before I go to bed, our business being very pernicious; the prisoner came up alongside of me; she walked a little way by the side of me; I felt her touch me, and then I saw her run away; I put my hand down and missed my watch; I called stop thief, but she got away.
Were you sober?
Very sober; I was in no way disguised in liquor.
Upon your oath were you perfectly sober?
I was very sober, to know what I said and did.
Now which do you mean to stick by; were you a little in liquor, or were you perfectly sober?
I was as sober as I am now.
Have you been drinking this morning?
Yes; I have had a pint of beer for my breakfast.
Did you ever see the prisoner before that night?
No; she was with me about five minutes; she was taken to Queen-square Office on the 5th of April; I knew her again in a moment; I am sure she is the person.
I am a constable: On the 29th of March I went into a public-house; the prosecutor was talking about his watch, that he had been robbed the night before; he described the prisoner, and I apprehended her; she told me she had given it to one Taylor, who had sold it to a soldier.
Are you a constable now?
No.
How came you to be no longer a constable?
I had a disagreement with Mr. Groves, one of the burgesses, and they said I should not be a constable again; the parish was taking my part, and Mr. Groves was against me; I have a parcel of premises in Duck-lane, Westminster, upon lease, and let them out in furnished lodgings.
To women of the town?
Yes, or any body; some soldiers and some working people; I am inspector to the commissioners now.
I bought this watch of Sarah Taylor; she said it was her own, and that her husband was gone to Ireland; I never saw the prisoner till she was apprehended.
This is my watch.
I do not know any thing of it; he was very much in liquor indeed; there was another woman and a man with him.
Was any other woman with you that night?
I do not know that there was.
You must know?
There was not.
