I am a constable of Aldersgate ward: On Saturday, the 19th of November, I was constable of the night; between brought in by a watchman and patrol of Aldersgate-street.
I am a watchman: I was on duty on the 19th instant, between eleven and twelve at night; a gentleman told me there was a drunken man on my beat; I went, and found the prisoner asleep on some steps; I endeavoured to raise him up, but he was so much in liquor he could not give me an answer; I rose him up a little, and found some solder where he had been asleep; he desired me to let him lie there a little longer; I called to Mr. Fowler, the patrol, and told him there was a drunken man asleep upon the steps; we rose him up, and I put the solder in his hand; Mr. Fowler said, you are a plumber ; he said, he was; then, says he, you have no business with this; we then took him to the watch-house, searched him, and found another piece of solder in his pocket; he was then taken to the Compter.
I am a patrol: I assisted in raising up the prisoner, we found a piece of solder; I asked him if he was a plumber; he said, he was, he had been doing a job at Layton, and his master allowed him these perquisites; there was another piece found upon him at the watch-house.
I unbuttoned his trowsers, and found a piece of solder at the watch-house; he told me it was his own, his master allowed it him as a perquisite; the prisoner told us where his master lived, Mr. Wildman; the next day, Sunday, Mr. Wildman and the patrol came to my house; I shewed him the solder. On Monday morning Mr. Wildman sent to Layton for the ladles in which it was melted; they are here. (Produces them.)
I am a plumber , in Whitechapel , the prisoner worked for me; I had a job at Layton, the ladles were there; this solder was certainly melted in these ladles, one of them is particularly marked by a dent in the ladle.
You never suffer men to take solder?
No.
Did not Clarke say before you, that it was his, and that he gave it to me to keep for him?
Yes, he has since absconded; he swore positively before the Magistrate, that he gave it to this man to carry home for him.
Clarke told me it was his own that he had to do a job with, and asked me to carry it home for him; he gave it me openly in a public-house, in Whitechapel; I immediately told who my master was when I was asked.
I was present when Clarke gave the prisoner one of these cakes of solder on the 19th of this month, at the Bull, in Whitechapel-road; it was about seven o'clock in
I am a labourer; I saw Clarke give the prisoner one of these cakes of solder.
