On the 27th of May I had been in the city, and in the morning of the 28th about three o'clock, as I was returning home, the prisoner accosted me in Holborn , nearly opposite Hatton Garden, she laid hold of my arms two or three times, I pushed her away each time; she continued repeating it till we came to King's head court on the left side of Holborn, she dragged me into this court, and there I lost this money; I did not perceive it, it was done in an instant.
Did you go with her willingly.
No, she took me up there, long enough to accomplish that purpose, I did not perceive the loss till I had come out again; in a few minutes, and before I had got twenty or thirty paces, I perceived that I had lost my money.
What did you lose.
A brown silk purse, thirteen guineas in gold, and four half guineas; a ten pound bank of England note, and three five pound bank of England notes; there were two other promissory notes that had been taken out, and kept at home as memorandums; I had gone a few paces towards Lincoln's Inn fields, I returned, and fortunately looked down Fetter lane, where I saw the prisoner in conversation with two watchmen; she was making her escape, and I fancied they had stopped her, I desired them to hold her and to take her to the watchhouse, I said she had robbed me of near fifty pound; she denied it till she was taken to the watchhouse and searched; the inspector of the night searched her, and found the money about her, it was inside of her clothes.
You were late in the city, or rather early this morning, you had been drinking.
I was a little tipsey, I had been to a dinner party.
We all of us in our turn are agreeable with our friends, and when a man has been drinking plentifully and comes out in the air, sometimes he is so tipsy he does not know what he is about; when a man has had a little wine he is more gallant than usual.
I was shocked at her.
When she dragged you into the court were you in the attitude of falling.
I was struggling to get away.
With your struggling might not the purse fall out.
I will not be so severe against her as to say it might not happen, the purse was in my breeches pocket.
You were tipsy a little.
I was a little tipsy, but I recollect every circumstance that happened.
You was not perfectly sober.
In fact I was not.
You had no suspicions of it, you were not alive to it at that moment.
I was not.
I am a watchman in Bartlett's buildings, Holborn; when I called the time of half past three in the morning this gentleman appeared to me to be just at the watering house, and the woman at the bar came immediately after him and catched him by the breast, he pushed her off, he went strait on again, and she followed him again and laid hold of him by the left arm and his breast, and dragged him into the court immediately; no watchman being at King's head court, I ran up Bartlett's buildings, there is a door that leads into Fetter lane, a watchman was sitting there, I says to him, Cary come out of your box, there's a gentleman been robbed by an old whore in Holborn; I had seen her in the street before at different times; I had told the watchman to come after me, I said, I dare say she has robbed him, and just opposite us we saw the gentleman pass Fetter lane in Holborn, I says there he goes, I suppose she is gone, we will go no farther, with that she appeared at the top of the lane in Holborn, she came down to us, I said you have made a fine job this morning, she said what job, I told her I supposed she had robbed him; she replied, the scaly b - r had only gave her a shilling; we took her into the gate at Bartlett's buildings, the gentleman appeared at the top of Fetter lane, I said here he is, she attempted to go away, we stopped her, and when he came close to us, he says, watchman I give you charge of that woman, she has robbed me of fifty pounds; she said search me, no, says we, we shall take you to the watchhouse, we did, and the inspector searched her, and found the property on her.
You are inspector of the watchhouse.
I am, I searched this woman, I found this purse, which contained thirteen guineas, four half guineas, one ten pound note, and three five pound notes; she strongly denied having it; while I was searching the right side of her I heard the gold chink; as soon as I got hold of the purse, she put her mouth to my ear and said smash it, he cannot swear that I have got it; I took the purse and I asked the gentleman what it contained, I found every thing right that he said was in the purse; here are two promissory notes in the purse now of his own hand writing.
(to prosecutor) Is that your purse.
Yes, and these were the memorandums that were in it.
I was going home as an unfortunate woman, I live at a distance from there, I met that gentleman, he solicited me to go with him as well as I solicited him; as for robbing the gentleman of any thing I never did, he pulled me about undoubtedly, and I found it on the ground.
