Do you know the prisoner?
. Yes.
What are you?
A Police-officer belonging to Union-Hall.
Do you know any thing of his conviction at Maidstone?
He was convicted at Guildford, in Surry; I have the certificate of his conviction; I received it from Mr. Knapp's office.
Did you see it signed?
No.
Is that your hand-writing?
Yes.
Is that made out in the usual way?
Yes, it is. (The certificate read.)
(To May.) Were you present when he was tried at Guildford?
I don't know that I was in Court at the time of his trial, I was at the Assizes, and saw the prisoner there.
Did you see him at the bar upon his trial?
I am not sure that I did.
Do you know what name he answered to?
Daniel Fitzmaurice .
From what circumstance do you know he went by that name?
He was brought to our office before he took his trial.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man who was committed to take his trial at that Surry Assizes?
Yes.
The last summer Assizes twelvemonth, were held at Guildford, were they?
Yes.
When did you see the prisoner again?
I did not see him again till now; the officer who apprehended him is here.
When you saw him in 1802, do you mean you saw him in jail?
Yes, with the rest of the prisoners.
I am a Police-officer belonging to Union-Hall.
Do you know the person of the prisoner?
I do.
When did you see him first?
I have known him for some years, I was present at his trial at Guildford.
To what name did he answer at that time?
Daniel Fitzmaurice ; I was in Court when he was convicted.
Did you hear sentence pronounced upon him?
No.
Are you sure the man at the bar is the man you saw convicted?
I am.
Did he ever go by the name of Brown?
Not to my knowledge.
From that time, when did you next see him?
The next time I saw him was in Newgate.
When was that?
Two Sessions ago - I think, the 20th or 21st of September; he had been taken up for another offence.
What are you?
A baker.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; I apprehended him for taking my watch; I took him in Sugar-loaf Court, Swallow-street, Minories.
When did you take him?
The 18th of last August, I took him before a Magistrate, and he was committed.
You did not prosecute him for stealing the watch?
Yes, he was convicted, and ordered to be transported for seven years, the Sessions before last.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Perfectly well; I apprehended him before upon a charge of returning, when he was tried in Surry; he was committed to Surry goal.
Were you present at his trial there?
Yes, I was.
And conviction?
Yes.
Did you hear sentence pronounced upon him?
No, I did not; I afterwards delivered him on board the hulks at Woolwich; here is the receipt. (Produces it.)
Where did you deliver him?
On board the Prince of Denmark.
I have nothing to say; I never saw the man before that is swearing to me now.
