In the month of July I was a wine merchant , in Jewry-street, Aldgate ; the prisoner was my cellarman : It was his business when request-notes were wanted, to draw them from the permit-books; I had the misfortune to sail on the 2d of July; I had no reason to be acquainted with this wine being taken out of my stock till after the 1st of January; there were two dozen of red, and two dozen of white wine, gone out of my stock.
Did you find any entry of that circumstance in your permit-book?
No, I did not; in consequence of an application to the Excise, a counterpart of the permit was granted, by the permission of the Commissioners.
In consequence of any thing you saw at the Excise-office, did you make enquiry after a person of the name of Stratford, at Littleton, in Middlesex?
I did; but I could not discover any such person; I made every enquiry that I possibly could, in every channel, without success; I then applied to my Lord-Mayor; I got a warrant, and he was taken up.
Are you able to state if what the prisoner said before the Lord-Mayor was taken in writing or not?
I believe not wholly.
I am clerk to the Lord-Mayor: I was attending during the examination of the prisoner before the Lord-Mayor; none of the examinations were taken in writing.
Did you charge the prisoner with taking the wine in question?
I did; to the best of my recollection, the prisoner first stated that he had received an order from a carrier in Holborn for a dozen, and if the wine was very good, two dozen; if my recollection serves me right, he said he had received a letter from his sister, at Chertsey, respecting this order; but that he did not know what charges were to be brought against him, or he would have produced his witnesses, or to that effect; the Lord-Mayor said, that in consideration of that, he would allow him from the Wednesday to the Friday to produce his witnesses; in consequence of which, he was remanded till the Friday; I attended again on Friday, his sister then appeared; two letters were produced in the presence of the prisoner; the letters, I believe, were given up to the prisoner.
I think I asked you if there was any trace in your permit, of this transaction, on the 5th of July, in your permit-book?
No, nor in my vault-book; the permit-book is a counterpart of request-notes.
There is no trace in any book that you have of these goods going out of your stock?
None, except the book belonging to the Excise.
Of course, if there had been any permit of that kind, it would have appeared in that book?
It ought to have done; it does appear in the Excise-book.
Supposing him to have had any dealing of his own, it would not have appeared in your books?
Certainly not.
You left your house on the 2d of July?
Yes.
How lately before the 2d of July had you the opportunity of taking your stock?
I had every week that I chose to do it; but I placed that confidence in the prisoner, that I did not think it necessary.
You had no means, within your own power, of knowing what wine was in the cellar, except the Excise-book?
Not at that moment; I had placed that confidence in the prisoner that I thought all would be right.
How long had the prisoner been in your service?
From Michaelmas, 1797, to the 5th of July, 1799.
During that time, had you and the prisoner any dealings in the wine trade as between you and him?
Not to my recollection.
Then there was no dealing at all between you?
I believe he had one or two dozen of porter.
You are perfectly certain that there was no transaction between you with respect to wine?
I do not recall to my recollection one single circumstance.
There was no account standing between you, debtor and creditor, at the time you left your house?
I settled with him in full on the 13th of June, or the 15th, or thereabouts.
There are no accounts at all out-standing, between you, after that time?
I owed some little for wages, and some trifle.
A pound or two?
It must be more I should concieve.
This was in July?
The 2d of July.
When was it you took the prisoner before the Lord-Mayor?
I think he was apprehended on the 6th of January.
So that from July till the 6th of January, no charge was made against the prisoner?
I did not know of it before.
Had you the curiosity to take your stock upon your return to your house?
No.
Then the only mode of ascertaining the quantity of wine you had, was from the Excise-books?
Clearly so.
Therefore, for the accuracy of the accounts, you must depend upon the Excise-books, and not your own?
Certainly.
How many examinations had taken place before the Commissioners?
Three.
Was the third adjourned?
Yes.
When was the third?
The 1st of January.
The prisoner was taken up on the 6th?
Yes.
Was the prisoner examined as a witness before the Commissioners?
No.
Was he examined by the Solicitor before he went before the Commissioners?
No.
Nor examined at all?
Not to my knowledge; he was not publicly examined by the Commissioners.
Do you know of his being examined in point of fact?
No, I do not.
I ask you whether you have not heard, from any one person, that the prisoner at the bar was called upon before the Commissioners on behalf of any creditor?
I wish to know whether I am to give evidence of what I know myself, or what any body may have told me, God knows who.
Was he not examined before the Commissioners?
He was not.
Have you not heard that he was examined before the Commissioners?
I have heard it, but not to my own knowledge.
You saw him there, did not you?
I did.
Can you recollect why your examination was put off?
In consequence of some questions put to me respecting my stock, a question was put to me which staggered me most astonishingly; one of the creditors supposed I had embezzled some of my stock, but conscious of the inability of such an act, I was astonished; I then presented the whole of my books, and accounts, and every atom of paper that I had had during the time I had been in business, and desired them to select such books as they thought necessary to the examination; when I came before them, one of the questions put to me was with respect to my stock, and my permit-book was asked for, which had not been selected, and I could not answer the question for want of that book; the Commissioners thought it necessary to see the original book, and therefore they deemed it necessary that the meeting should be adjourned, at my request, at the request of the assignees, and at the request of the creditors.
Upon that account alone was the examination put off?
I conceive that I am not bound to answer that question; it can have nothing to do with the present question; but if my feelings have been suppressed in the first instance, I now feel it my duty to say all that did pass: the prisoner came forward with a charge, base in the extreme; he charged me with secreting estates that I had at Greenwich.
Was that at the third meeting?
Yes.
Was that a suggestion at the last examination, or before?
Before.
You have described to the Gentlemen of the Jury, the conversation as relative to your stock; now you are going to describe something the prisoner was base enough to state, respecting your house at Greenwich, that was at the third examination?
Yes.
Do you recollect that the prisoner stated any thing before the Commissioners?
I said, that this thing was brought before the Commissioners, I did not say it was by the prisoner, but as presented from him, and delivered by somebody else, as I was told.
That was a charge originating from the prisoner, and coming through the mouth of another person exhibited against you?
It was a charge exhibited against me, by a counsel that was there.
These are the instructions that you understood were conveyed by the counsel?
It was a thing that I could not have supposed could have come against me.
You supposed it to have its origin from the prisoner?
Yes.
Was not the charge this, that you had not given an account of an estate that you had at Greenwich to the Commissioners?
That was the charge.
Had you an estate at Greenwich, previous to your bankruptcy?
I had, about twelve or thirteen years ago, which was stated in my accounts, it was sold, and was in my books of accounts regularly entered at the time.
Not latterly; the houses have been pulled down, and I sold them to Greenwich-Hospital.
In whose possession was that land?
Greenwich-Hospital.
Has the prisoner ever received any rent for you of that estate?
Never.
No receipts were ever wrote by you, on his giving you an account of money received as rents?
Certainly not from that estate.
Not from that particular estate-had you any house at Greenwich?
I had a house at Greenwich, for which I paid twenty pounds a year, and I let it for twenty pounds a year; and the lease upon which I let it was out, and I stated it in my accounts.
Had you stated it to the Commissioners before you were examined to it by Counsel?
I had stated it in my books.
Had you stated it by word of mouth?
I had not, but it was in my books.
Had the rent been received of that house by the prisoner at the bar for you?
It certainly had.
Upon that being conveyed to the Commissioners, through the medium of a Counsel, and as you suppose, originating with the prisoner-this took place on the 1st of January?
It did.
And then on the 6th, and not till the 6th, you apprehended the prisoner?
It was not till after the 1st, that I knew of this circumstance.
This explanation took place on the 1st of January?
The prisoner at the bar tempted Mrs. Wigzell, but she was inflexible.
I did not ask you any thing about Mrs. Wigzell?
He has a right to explain any thing you ask him about.
I was totally unconscious that any decrease could have happened, and I was so well assured, that Mrs. Wigzell's conduct was such that she could not have suffered such a thing; she told me to enquire, and I examined my permit-book, to see if I had been correct in my former examination; I found I was correct, it made me very unhappy; I could not be easy, that such a question should be put to me without knowing upon what ground, not being able to discover any thing in my books incorrect; it led me to examine the books kept by the Excise, and which ought to be an accurate transcript of the book which I had; I acquainted my assignees of the circumstance, and under their direction, as well as my own inclination, I investigated the business, and acted under their direction throughout the whole business.
There were other persons employed by you, in your wine trade, besides the prisoner?
I had a clerk.
And other persons employed in your cellar?
There was a man employed by the prisoner, but he had no business in the cellar; he was employed to wash the bottles, as I understood.
Supposing he sold a pipe of wine, and were to bottle it at the person's house, was it the course of his employment, that he should go with the wine, and bottle it in the gentleman's house?
Whenever I sent him; but no circumstance of that kind took place from the 2d of July.
You went away on the 2d of July?
I did, on Tuesday the 2d.
And how long were you absent?
Till the Sunday following; I went away again on that day.
During that time, will you take upon yourself to swear, whether any wine was bottled?
I can only say from my books; I had no person in my service capable of executing the order, besides himself; I left the vaults in his care, and the clerk in the accompting-house, to write any thing that he might direct him to write.
I would ask you, whether you know of any perquisites the cellarmen have, when they bottle wine at customer's houses?
Never; if gentlemen chuse to give them, that is another thing.
How-long have you been in the trade?
Fourteen years.
Have you never heard of the perquisites of cellarmen at a customer's house?
Never farther than any gratuity of money.
Do you mean to say, that you never heard of any perquisites, except money?
No, and those that do, I should think very wrong.
Then you never heard of any bottoms of casks as the perquisites of cellarmen?
Never.
You would be quite surprized then, at any gentleman who had been as long in the trade as you have, swearing that there were such perquisites?
I am not accountable for what others may know.
You would be surprized then?
I am not surprized at any thing.
Have you ever permitted the prisoner to sell any wine upon his own account?
To the best of my recollection I never have.
Nor ever suffered him to have a permit for his own purpose?
Never.
Have you never heard of such a thing as borrowing a permit?
I certainly have, but not between the prisoner and myself.
You were in Court during the whole of the trial last night?
I was.
You heard many gentlemen examined of the wine trade?
I did, but I did not know them II.
Do you still hold it as your opinion, in the course of the wine trade, that you never heard of such a thing as a perquisite of the bottoms of casks, upon being bottled off in a person's own house?
Certainly I do.
The 13th of June was the last settlement you had with the prisoner, for wages?
There, or thereabouts.
Of course, when he was discharged from you, something remained due to him from that time, till the time he was discharged?
Yes.
And that, and that only, was what you were indebted to him?
Certainly.
When was he discharged from your service?
The 6th of July; the place was not open for business after that time; it was closed by Mr. Harris, who is my particular friend.
Had he, to your recollection, ever dealt with you for wine?
I have not the recollection that he ever did.
Did he ever communicate to you, any thing respecting this transaction, with which you charged him on the 5th of July?
Never.
I am a surveyor of the excise in the district in which Mr. Wigzell's cellar was.
Have you any request-note of the 5th of July, of two dozen of red wine, and two dozen of white wine, not French?
I have a request note of the 5th of July, 1794; but it was not received till 1799.
Did you find it upon the file of 1794, or 1799?
The file of 1799.
I was clerk to Mr. Wigzell; I have frequently seen the prisoner write.
Look at that; is that the prisoner's handwriting? (shewing him the request note;) - A . es, it is.
What does it appear to be written upon?
The back of a letter.
Is that the way in which request notes are usually written?
No; they are written from the permit-book, a book that is kept in Mr. Wigzell's accompting-house.
Is it your course to keep a check opposite the request note in the book?
Yes; in the same way as a banker's check-book.
That is not written in such a way?
No, it is not; it is written upon the back of a letter.
When was that request note delivered to you, in order to form a permit?
It was not delivered to me; I took it off the file.
The request-note is necessary to have a permit-note agreeable to the contents of that request-note?
Certainly.
When you grant a permit, do you keep the counterpart of that permit in the office?
We do.
Has the permit, which was granted in consequence of that request-note, been returned to the office?
It has not; it does not appear in our books.
Have you all your permits returned by the trader?
No; if the trader draws for a permit, and the goods do not go out, it is returned back in such a time; we gave them an hour perhaps to be out of their stock, which was the same in this, and then we accept it.
This was not returned at all?
It does not appear by our books that it was.
Have you the counterpart of the permit granted upon that request-note?
I have.
Did you find a deficiency in the stock of Wigzell, equal to that quantity of wine sent out?
It appears after the balance of the stock, on the 18th of July, deficient seventeen bottles of red, and twenty-six of white, more than is permitted out from the 2d of July to the 18th.
Do I understand you right, that there would be two dozen of red, and two dozen of white, deficient, besides seventeen bottles of red and twenty-six of white?
Yes.
Mr. Wigzell stated that the prisoner was discharged on the 6th of July?
Certainly he was.
If a person chuses to remove from his cellar a dozen of wine at a time, he may, without a permit?
Yes.
In the course of the wine trade, a person not being able to carry out a permit within the time, returns it?
Yes.
If a dozen of wine was sent out by the master's order, or by the mistress, it might be delivered without a permit at all?
Yes.
A permit specifies a particular time when the wine should be sent out; and if it is not used, sent back again?
Yes.
Sometimes, by some accident or other, when it is not used, it does not find its way back?
Sometimes.
If the permit which you grant is not returned to you, I believe the tradsman is charged with so much?
Yes; if there appears an increase, it is forfeited.
Was there any irregularity in the permit between those two stockings?
There does not appear to be any by our books.
I lived servant with Mr. Wigzell in July last; I lived with him three years and a half: Mr. Wigzell left his house on Tuesday, the 2d of July, the prisoner was discharged on Saturday the 6th.
After he was discharged, who had the care of the cellar?
I had chiefly the care; I had the keys; and no person went into the cellar without me.
Then after that time, was there any wine taken out of the cellar?
Not between that and the 18th; not a bottle.
Are you with Mr. Wigzell now?
Yes.
Do you know a Mr. Lee?
I do.
The keys were never out of your possession?
It was before that, that Mr. Lee had the wine.
How long before that?
I cannot tell; I heard of some going out.
When did you hear of it?
It was about the time that Mr. Wigzell left his home.
Was it before or after?
I believe it was after.
How long was it after?
It might be the same day, or the next; it did not concern me.
What quantity was it?
I cannot tell indeed.
Whether it was all red wine, or red and white, you cannot tell?
Certainly not.
Were you at home?
Yes; but I did not enquire; there was something went out of the cellar, but whether it was wine or not I cannot tell.
Did you see it go out?
No.
Did you hear it removed out?
No, I did not; I heard that he had some.
You heard it from whom?
I might hear my mistress speak of it.
Did you or did you not hear your mistress speak of it?
I did hear my mistress speak of it.
Did you hear whether it went in a cart, or upon a man's shoulders?
No.
Do you know whether it was spirits, or porter, or what?
I cannot tell what it was.
Cheese, perhaps?
No, it was not.
What do you think it was?
Either spirits or wine.
But what the quantity was, or what the quality, you are perfectly blind and deaf?
It is not likely I should know.
But your mistress told you of it?
My mistress said she thought it was very wrong.
Mr. Wigzell was not at home?
No; and he was very angry with Mr. Lee for having it.
You do not know to whose house Mr. Wigzell went?
No; but I believe, upon my oath, he knew nothing of it.
He did not go to Mr. Lee, I dare say?
I cannot tell; Mr. Lee was his attorney.
Do you know whether he went to his house or not?
It is natural to suppose he did.
Where were the keys kept generally?
In the drawing-room with my mistress.
Mrs. Wigzell did not trust any body else to go into the vaults but you?
No person went without me, after the vaults were shut.
As the wine went to Mr. Lee's, after Mr. Wigzell left the house, who was kind enough to go into the cellar to send out this wine?
This was before the cellarman was discharged.
And Mrs. Wigzell knew of it?
She knew of it after he was gone.
Mr. Lee was Mr. Wigzell's attorney, and particular friend?
I do not know; he was his attorney.
Mr. Lee was the clerk under the commission of bankruptcy?
I believe he had the commission.
Then at the time Mr. Lee had the wine, the prisoner was not discharged?
No.
Therefore the cellar, till the 6th, was under his charge?
The vaults were closed on the 5th, and he was discharged; and this happened before the vaults were closed.
I was the stocking-officer in July last; the entries of the permits are made by the Excise-officer.
Do you keep the account in a book to be in the merchant's house, correspondent with that?
They are to keep a book, and we are to check it.
Look at this book, and tell me if that is the book kept in the merchant's house, in which you made an entry?
On the 5th of July here is my entry; it should have been entered by the merchant, or his clerk, or cellarman.
Did you find that entry properly made, when you came to look at that book?
It was not.
What entry had been omitted to be made?
Here is an entry with no date to it; it fol lows the 5th of July: twenty-six bottles of red wine, not French; twenty-six bottles of white, not French; in the name of Shaddon, or some such name; it is my entry.
How came you to make that entry?
It was an entry deficient, and as there was nobody in the accompting-house to do it, I entered it; I entered it, finding that there had been an omission.
Does the quantity correspond with the request-note?
It does, and I see it appears in the Excise-books Shadford.
Is there any difference, but in the name?
No; this is undoubtedly the request note for this permit; it had been omitted in the merchant's book, and therefore I entered it.
You were clerk to Mr. Wigzell?
Yes.
We have heard that the prisoner was the cellarman of Mr. Wigzell?
Yes.
Do you know of any account that there was between the prisoner and Mr. Wigzell?
I have heard that there was a small account; but I do not know what it was nor from what time.
Do you know of any wine lent by your master to the prisoner at any time?
No, I do not.
You had reference, of course, to the order-books?
Yes.
Do you think, if you could see the order-books, you could be more correct?
Yes.
Have you the order-books here?
Not that I know of.
Are there any other things that the prisoner has bought of your master?
I believe there was a dozen or two of porter.
I am a wine-merchant in Water-lane, Thames-street: I know very little of the prisoner; I was a considerable creditor of Mr. Wigzell.
In the course of the wine trade, where a person orders wine of a wine-merchant, and bottles it at home, have you ever heard of a perquisite to the person who bottles it?
It is a very common thing to the person bottling it, for taking care of it, and seeing that there is none of it lost; it is very commonly done.
You are a considerable creditor of Mr. Wigzell?
A creditor of seven hundred and fifty pounds.
Were you at the last examination of Mr. Wigzell?
Yes.
Do you remember the account given by Mr. Wigzell of an estate that he had at Greenwich?
I remember some questions being put to Mr. Wigzell respecting houses that he had there, and he answered that he had none; that was one answer he gave; he afterwards corrected it a little, and to the best of my recollection said, he never had houses there.
I believe that examination was taken in writing?
It must necessarily be taken in writing.
I am a wine-merchant in Mark-lane: I have known the prisoner about thirteen years; he lived in our service about eight years; and has left our service about five; while he was with us we never had reason to suspect his honesty; nor I have ever heard any thing touching his dishonestly till the present occasion.
I would ask you, whether in the course of the trade, you have not heard the cellarman claiming as a perquisite, the bottoms of casks when pipes are bottled at their own houses?
Certainly I have frequently; it is pretty notorious in the trade.
I live at No. 62, Greenfield-street, Whitechapel, merchant's agent, and master-porter: I enter merchant's wines, and clear them at the Custom-house: I have known the prisoner twelve or thirteen years; I have known the prisoner all the time he lived with Messrs. Sherrard and Burton; I never heard any thing dishonest of him in my life; and I believe Mr. Thomas Palmer , a gentleman of very great worth, has entrusted the prisoner with ten thousand pounds at a time.
