I am tide-waiter in the Customs : On the 30th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, the prisoner came up to me on Tower-hill, and asked me if I would shew him the way to St. Catherine's-lane; he said he was an entire stranger.
Did he ask you in pretty good English?
Tolerably well for a foreigner; I said I would shew him; I went with him till we came to a street they call Cats-hole , and when we got into the middle of the street, all of a sudden he knocked me down three times with his fist; he took my feet from me behind; after he had done this, I called out watch eight or ten times, I believe watch and murder; he then put his hand upon my mouth, and fixed his nails in my face, his other hand was employed at both my right and left hand waistcoat pockets; while he was doing that, a woman came forward with a candle in her hand, close up to him; I did not hear a word that passed between them, but she staid a few minutes close to him; I was upon the gound all the while, almost choaked; then I called out murder, again, as well as I could, and then the woman withdrew, and the watchman came up; the prisoner had turned out my pockets, but I was scarcely sensible, so that I did not examine; they were both empty; I had, to the best of my knowledge, in silver, penny pieces, and halfpence, to the\\ amountof about three shillings; I am perfectly sure I had some silver; I had got the money that day; I am quite sure I had none when the watchman came to me; there was some money, found by the watchman, upon the place where I laid, but I did not see him pick it up; I was bleeding at my mouth; my arms were both cut with the fall.
Where had you been supping that night?
At the Queen's-head, Tower-street; Mr. Dawson, another officer, and myself had drank a pot of beer a piece.
Had you any thing for supper?
We had a morsel of bread and cheese for dinner and supper; we cannot afford suppers.
Is Mr. Dawson here?
No, he is upon duty; I did not ask him to come here.
Are you quite clear you were sober that night?
Perfectly sober; I told the watchman to take charge of him, for he had knocked me down and was going to murder me.
That man fell down, and I came up to help him.
Is that true?
No; it is not.
Did you not ask me and a soldier to go and drink some gin?
No; I saw no soldier; I saw no person but the woman and the watchman.
I am a watchman in St. Catherine's parish, Tower-hill: On the 18th of April, after I had cried the hour of eleven o'clock, I heard a voice cry out murder, watch! murder, watch! I immediately went towards the place, again, and heard the same words repeated with a shrill voice; I went round the corner and caught the prisoner and this old gentleman down flat upon his back, across the kennel; when I saw that, I took hold of the prisoner's collar and hauled him away; as soon as the old gentleman found I had got hold of him, he said, watchman, I give you charge of that man, for he had knocked me down three times, and robbed me; the prisoner immediately said, watchman, he is my comrade; he is very drunk, and I want to get him up.
Did he say that in pretty good English?
Yes; then another watchman came up, and I desired him to list the old gentleman up, for he could not get up himself; we took them both to the watch-house, and delivered them up to the officer of the night, who searched the prisoner, and found upon him, in my presence, fourteen pence halfpenny; the officer of the night desired me to go and see if I could find any thing near the spot; I went, and found two single halfpence, one lying in one place, and the other in another; I dare say it was half past eleven o'clock before I took him to the watch-house.
Did he appear to you at all to be drunk?
He appeared to be very much frightened; but when we got him to the watch-house, he was very steady; indeed he did not appear to be at all in liquor.
The prisoner says you were his comrade; had you ever seen him before?
I declare to God I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Your duty is not on the river, is it?
Yes.
Did you ever see him on board of any ship in the river?
Never.
Look at the prisoner, and tell me if you are sure that is the man?
I am sure he is the man.
Had you ever seen him before that night?
No.
All this man says is false; he was very sick, and vomited; he fell down, and I was helping him up when he desired the watchman to take me up.
