I am an ironmonger and smith , No. 4, Tottenham court-road .
Did you lose two pound weight of iron nails.
Yes. On the 15th of December last, between eight and nine in the morning, the prisoner came to my shop for an hinge, that he had left for an alteration. In consequence of what my shopman informed me; I followed the prisoner to his master's shop, he went in at the door of his master's work shop. I went in at the house door, I told his master, Mr. Stone, that he was suspected by my shopman, I and Mr. Stone went to him; I told him that I was informed by my shopman that he had robbed my shop; he said he had not. I told him that I thought he had something in his coat pocket; I put my hand into his coat pocket, and I pulled out two papers of nails; one is marked by my shopman, and the other by my wife; then he fell down on his knees and begged for mercy. When I went for an officer, he ran away; I pursued him and took him.
What is the value of that quantity of nails.
They stand me in two and two pence.
While he was in your shop are you sure that he did not buy any nails.
I am.
Will you swear that those nails found upon me were your property at the time they were found upon me.
Most assuredly they were.
I am shopman to Mr. Hornby.
Look at those papers of nails, and see if either of them are your hand writing.
One of them is. On the 15th of December the prisoner came into the shop while I was there, I kept my eye upon him, I saw him put his hand in the place were these things were; I informed my master.
Can you say that the packages of nails now produced were in your shop that morning.
To the best of my recollection they were. I never sold him any nails of that sort, they are shoe nails. I saw nothing of him after he went out of the shop, till he ran by, and my master after him, crying out Stop thief; he ran down Falcon and Bird court, I went round the other way, I found him behind a cart, I told him to stop, my master came and took him by the collar. Roberts said; for God Almighty's sake Mr. Hornby, save me from utter destruction.
When I came out of Mr. Hornby's shop I went to Mr. Stone's shop, I pulled off my coat and left it hanging up in the shop; there is a man that works for Mr. Stone that would take my life away, he might as well have put them in my pocket as well as any other man.
