On the 25th of January, just as the watch was going past eleven o'clock, I met the prisoner as I was going through Soho-square ; I was coming from Rotherhithe, I had my handkerchief to my eye; she stopped me by putting each of her hands to my waistcoat-pocket, she asked me how I did, I was walking in a hurry, I was fearful of being shut out of my lodgings; I immediately asked her to let me pass.
Had you any conversation with her?
I was in too much a hurry; with that she drew her left-hand from my pocket suddenly, I then rather thought she had drawn something out of my pocket; I laid hold of her hand with my right-hand, and put my left-hand in my pocket, and found my money gone; I told her she had took a seven-shilling piece; she exclaimed a seven-shilling piece! a seven-shilling piece! and threw it away.
What money did you miss?
A seven-shilling piece, and five shillings and sixpence in silver; I was afraid she would throw the seven-shilling piece away, I heard her rattle it; I charged the watch with her.
Did you see her searched?
No.
How long before you met her had you felt the money in your pocket?
About an hour before, when I was in Princes-street, Rotherhithe; I had not been accosted before all the way.
I am constable of the night, I was at the watch-house; the prisoner at the bar was brought to me by a watchman charged by the prosecutor of robbing him. On her being searched, this five shillings and sixpence was found on her, and a halfpenny; she denied having robbed him.
There is nothing about your money that you know it from any other person's money?
On one of the shillings there is W.G. marked, I observed that when I was at Rotherhithe, when I was in company with a young man there, he was telling me that he had three bad shillings; I said, I have silver in my pocket, I will see if I have any bad; I said, here is a shilling marked W. G. with a particular dent in it; I said, they might as well have punched it through while they were doing it; that shilling I will undertake to say I had in my pocket.
You are sure you did not stop in the street, and talk to her?
I did not say a word to her more than I have said to you.
I was walking along Soho-square, he stopped me, and asked me if I would take a walk with him round the square; I told him I would, and I did, and that young man gave me three shillings for a compliment; then he said I had robbed him; I told him I would not give it him back, as he had given it me; I had three shillings and sixpence in my pocket before he kept me walking round the square with him.
Is any part of that true?
Not a word of it.
