Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a watchman of St. Clement Danes: On the morning of the 30th of July, I had just done crying the hour of three; it was just break of day; coming out of Bear-yard I heard a noise like a shutter or a door moving; I stepped forward and saw three men standing with their backs against a public-house shutter, the sign of the Lamb; I stepped towards them, and as they saw me coming towards them they walked on; I followed them, and found a shutter that I had seen last at one o'clock, broke open; I had tried it with my hand, and found it safe; I then left the shutter as it was, and pursued them; I called out, stop these three men with great coats on! and I sprung my rattle; they turned round the corner of Vere-Street, towards either Princes-Street or Wild-Street, and I lost sight of them.
When you saw the prisoner at the watch-house, was he dressed like one of the three men?
Yes; but I cannot swear to his being the man.
Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a watchman, in Drury-lane: On the 30th of July, I heard the rattles spring, a little after three; I saw three men running as fast as they could from Princes-Street.
Is Princes-Street the way from Vere-Street?
Yes; they had every one of them outside coats on; I went before them with my staff, and told them if they would not stand I would knock them down; two of them ran down Steward's-rents, the third drew a pistol and presented it at me; he snapped it up against me; I could not get away, or else I would; it missed fire; then he ran down Steward's-rents, which goes into Wild-Street; I pursued him, springing my rattle all the way after him; I was almost nigh enough to him to strike him with my stick; I pursued him down into Wild-Street , and there my partner, Daniel Duna , was coming up towards them, and one of them fired a pistol at him; I still followed, and never lost sight of the prisoner till he was taken, from the time that he snapped the pistol at me; I am sure he is the same man; I did not find any thing upon him but a knife in his pocket; another watchman found something else upon him.
Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a watchman of foursmiles's parish; my box was in Great Wild-Street: On the 30th of July, about a quarter past three, I heard the rattles spring, somewhere near Clare-market; a little time after I heard a rattle in Drury-lane; I then ran to the corner of Steward's-rents, and two men came down from Drury-lane; they ran right against me; and the watchman from Drury-lane after them, springing a rattle.
Was that Ragan?
Yes; one of them said, I think it was the prisoner, I am not sure, but one of them said, d-n his eyes, we will do this fellow; and the prisoner then immediately fired at me, and I received the contents in my neck; I have got here part of the shot that was in the handkerchief round my neck.
How near was he when he fired?
At the distance of six or eight yards; he immediately made his escape up Wild-Street towards Queen-Street; I pursued him as near as I possibly could, kept the rattle springing, and crying stop thief; I never lost sight of him till he was taken; I threw a stick at him, which made him stumble, but he did not fall, he recovered himself; two watchmen, and part of the hand of the Duke of York were at the corner; when he came very near them he took a turn, and squatted down underneath a shutter; he was doing so when the two watchmen came up; I told them to take care, for he had a pistol; upon taking him up the pistols lay underneath him.
Did you ever lose sight of him after he had fired the pistol at you?
No, I never had.
No shot lodged in your face?
No.
Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a watchman in Great Queen-Street, Lincoln's-inn-fields; my box is close at the top of Wild-Street: About twenty minutes past three I heard the rattles; I went to Wild-Street, and saw the prisoner running up Wild-Street, and the watchman after him, springing his rattle; then I and another watchman came almost up to him; he sat down under the window of Mr. Nunn, the bookseller, close by the shutters, and put the pistols under him; I laid hold of him, and saw the pistols found under where he sat down; I saw the pistols examined, but I do not know whether they were loaded or not.
Examined by Mr. Gurney. I was constable of the night on the 30th of July, in St. Giles's parish: The prisoner was brought to the watch-house by five watchmen, Duna was the man that had hold of him; the pistols were brought in by a black belonging to the Duke of York's hand, he did not leave his name; I examined the pistols, and found one of them loaded with some shot, and the other cocked.
Did you see the handkerchief of Duna?
Yes; I took one small shot out of it.
Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am round-house keeper of St. Giles's in; the Fields, (produces the pistols) they were delivered to the officer of the night, in the presence of the prisoner; (produces Duna's handkerchief) I saw one shot taken out of it; this knife I took from the prisoner myself; the prisoner said, he never had a pistol, and did not know how to fire one off if he had.
When I was at Marlborough-Street this man swore that I had a blue coat on; the round-house keeper proved that I had not a blue coat on; and Ragan, the watchman, said, he was not sure whether it was a blue coat or not.
(To Devere.) Did you say the prisoner had a blue coat on?
I could not discern at a distance whether it was a blue coat or not.
