- I am the wife of Richard Roberts : The prisoner lodged with me a few days before the 12th of September, when I missed a dozen tea-spoons which I had taken out of my cupboard on the 10th; the prisoner was by, and asked me why I did not have my name upon them; I put them back into the cupboard, and locked it; she then asked me if I was not afraid of losing my spoons from such a cupboard as that; I said, no, I never lost any thing; she asked me to let my child go for a farthing's-worth of pins, which I refused; I saw the spoons on the 12th, about three o'clock; I went out between three and four, and told the child not to go out for any thing; the prisoner came down, and said she would mind the place for me; I told her I did not want her, the child could take care of the place; I missed the spoons the next morning, I have never seen them since: On the 12th, about three o'clock, I put by a cap on a bureau close by the cupboard, where the spoons were; I missed it the next morning; about eight o'clock, and also two plates, which I found in the prisoner's apartment the same evening; Mr. Ray was present when I found the plates and the cap; the prisoner was in bed with a man who passes as her husband; they took the room in the name of Trott, and she was taken up in the name of Trott; I asked her how she came to send my child out; she had a carving knife in her hand, and she swore she would run me through.
Had you never lent her the plates?
No, I never did.
Were the plates concealed?
No, they were lying in a brown dish that I had lent her.
Had you lent her the cap?
No, it was a child's cap; I found that behind a box in her room.
I saw the prisoner send the child of an errand, for a farthing's-worth of milk, and white the child was out, she shut the door to; when the child came back, she opened the door to her; she was gone about five minutes.
I heard the prisoner say she never sent the child of an errand, and it was I that served her with the milk; it was on the 12th of September, a little after five o'clock.
I searched the room, and found some keys; this one (producing it) opened the cupboard door; I did not find any spoons; the woman found the cap and plates herself; the prisoner said she knew nothing about the spoons; she did not say any thing about the cap, or the plates.
