Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I keep a house for lodging sailors , in Wapping Dock-street: I laid hold of the prisoner on the 7th of July, and took him to Shadwell-office.
Before he said any thing about this property, did you tell him it should be better for him to give an account of it?
No; he said, if I would not use him ill, he would tell me where the things were; I told him, I would not use him ill, but the law should take its course; Mr. M'Gill wrote down what he said; I saw him write it, and the prisoner put his hand to it, (it is read); \"A correct list of articles stole from Mr. Henderson, in Wapping Dock-street , by William Joy , and sold to Abraham Isaacs , in Wentworth-street; a jacket, trowsers, three long coats, a nankeen jacket, four shirts, and a handkerchief, signed by me, William Joy .\" - I went with the officer to Isaacs's, and found these coats, (producing them) one of them has got my name wrote in it.
How long have you been in the habit of dictating to the prisoners what they shall say, and then make them sign it?
I never was there before.
My learned friend says, you keep a house for the lodgings of sailors; why, you are a crimp, are you not?
I do not know what you mean.
I have not done with him; look at that letter?
This is a letter written by the prisoner at the bar; it is his hand writing, (it is read); addressed \"for Mrs. Henderson, No. 11, Wapping Dock-street; signed William Joy ; dated July 20, 1800.\"-\" Dear Mrs. Henderson, I write these few lines, hoping you will take pity on me this once, and forgive me, and I will never be guilty of the same, never no more, for I am almost starved to death with hunger, and if you will be so good as to send Mat. to me, for I want to tell you some thing particular; and if you can come to-morrow, if you please, to let him come to me, for I know I am guilty of the crime; but I hope you and God will forgive me, and pity my hard fortune, for I have lost my best friend, now I have lost you; but I hope you will look upon me this once; don't let me starve to death, for I am almost; so no more from your prisoner - William Joy .\"	"a
I will read to you this list:
He wrote it down, as he acknowledged it.
You do not know what a crimp is?
No.
How long have you lived at Wapping?
I have always got my bread by the sweat of my brow.
How long have you lived by the water-side?
I have been nigh four years in Wapping Dock-street.
And you do not know what a crimp is?
I know what it means in Holland.
Have you never heard what a crimp means?
I never wrote it down.
Upon your oath, have you never heard what a crimp means?
I do not know what you mean by it.
You never heard what a crimp means?
I have heard that it is a kidnapper.
Did you write down this list?
Yes.
Who mentioned to you these articles that you have written down?
The prisoner, William Joy .
Did you say any thing to him, to induce him to tell?
No.
Did you see him sign it?
Yes.
