- I live at No. 13, Norton Falgate ; I am a linen-draper .
Do you remember the prisoner coming to your house on the 31st of August?
Perfectly well, between four and five in the afternoon; she came to purchase some mourning; she said her husband's mother was dead; she was very difficult in her purchase.
How long did she stay in the shop?
An hour and a half to the best of my knowledge.
Did she buy any thing at last?
She purchased as many goods as came to the value of 12l. and upwards.
Did she pay you for them?
She did not; in the course of conversation, she said her husband kept a wine-vaults in Lime-street; that they had recently purchased the lease, and they had given 370l. for it; she went on to ask me for my custom, and I told her, I had no objection to give her a turn; as soon as the goods were looked out, I went to make out the bill of parcels, and I asked her what name I should make it out in; she told me Mrs. Allen; after that she entered into conversation where she was born, at Newbury, in Berkshire, and mentioned several people that I knew at Newbury; she then said, you may either send the goods home to my house, and I will pay for them, or I am going to Shoreditch to receive 15l. and I will call and pay for them when I come back; she said her mother had been dead about three months; she went away; I told her I should send the goods; I had not the smallest suspicion; I was behind the counter the whole time.
When was it you missed any property?
I did not miss it; but as soon as she went out, my nephew, who is an assistant to me, said, uncle, I think that woman has robbed you.
He is not a partner with you?
No; I made answer, that it was impossible she could have robbed me, as I had never been from the counter, and there had been no person in the shop during the time she was there; I did not quit the counter, but my people reached me what I asked for; upon that he went out of doors after her, and in about two or three minutes after I got information from a neighbour's boy that she was stopped by my nephew; she was brought back in about ten minutes; my nephew had hold of her arm; he had the handkerchiefs and muslin in his hand.
- On the 31st of August, about a quarter before eleven at night, I was sent for to Mr. Johnson's house, and received charge of the prisoner and these goods from Mr. Johnson. -
Do you know these things to be your's?
Yes, they have my own private mark bot upon the ticket and upon the handkerchiefs.
Were those things in your shop that day?
I believe they were; but where there are a hundred or a hundred and fifty handkerchiefs in a bundle, it is impossible for me to say.
Do you know if you saw them that day?
I had not shewn them to any body that day; but to swear I had those handkerchiefs in my shop that day I could not.
Had you such handkerchiefs?
Yes.
When had you seen the muslin?
The muslin I can swear to, as having shewn her at the time.
How many persons were there in your shop?
My nephew, myself, and another young man.
Is that young man here?
No.
She was brought back about seven o'clock?
Yes.
How came you not to put her in custody till eleven o'clock?
She requested that I would send to the butcher whom she said she was going to receive 15l from; she kept crying and taking on very much, and I was very much flurried; my customers came in very fast, and I desired her to walk into a back room, where I knew she would be safe.
I am nephew to Mr. Johnson.
Were you in the shop during the time the prisoner was there?
Yes.
All the time?
Yes.
What did you see?
I saw her put her hand under her cloak, but I did not see any thing.
Had you seen the handkerchiefs that day?
Yes, I had seen them in the morning, and took particular notice of them; Mr. Johnson had been shewing them afterwards to the prisoner at the bar.
Did you notice the muslin?
No.
You did not see any thing in her hand when she put it under her cloak?
No.
From that it was that you suspected her?
Yes; when she went away I followed her out.
Did you keep sight of her from the time of her leaving the shop?
Yes; I watched her into a pawnbroker's shop in Shoreditch.
How long did she stay there?
I don't think she was there above two minutes, if so much; directly that she came out I ran into the pawnbroker's; I came out again, and she was then running.
Did she see you?
No; directly that I came up to her, I told her Mr. Johnson would be glad to speak to her; it was hardly a moment after I came out of the pawnbroker's before I laid hold of her, and as I was bringing her back she dropped the black cotton, but I did not see her drop it.
Had she been looking at black cotton?
Yes, she had; soon after I saw her drop the silk handkerchiefs; a gentleman who was behind me picked up the black cotton and the silk handkerchiefs, and gave them to me; I brought her back to our shop, and gave her to Mr. Johnson; I don't know what passed; I had to attend to a customer.
Look at these handkerchiefs?
They are ours, and so is the black muslin.
By the cotton that you speak of, you don't mean that muslin?
Yes, it is cotton muslin.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 219, Shoreditch: On the 31st of August the prisoner at the bar came into my shop, and laid down a piece of black cotton.
Did you know the prisoner before?
No.
Are you sure it is the same woman?
Yes.
What time did she come into your shop?
About six o'clock in the evening.
Should you know the cotton again?
I never had it in my hand; it appears to be the same cotton; I told her I never took in any black cotton, and then she offered three silk handkerchiefs, and asked me ten shillings upon them; I just gave them a slight look, and said three half crowns; she said that would not do; she took them up very quick, and was out of the shop immediately; Mr. Johnson's nephew came in to know what that lady had offered; I told him, and he went out immediately, and followed her; I went round to the door, and he had overtaken her just before; he brought her back to my door; I saw the black cotton drop from under her cloak upon the pavement; I then called to the young man, and I saw the three silk handkerchiefs in her hand, but did not see her drop them.
I was with Armstrong when he was sent for to apprehend the prisoner.
Mr. Johnson told me, if I would pay for the goods I should go home, and he sent to several places to get security for the money that I might go home.
What is the value of these handkerchiefs?
The silk handkerchiefs cost me six shillings a piece, and the cotton, five yards or better, at three shillings a yard.
