Where do you live?
Hern-hill, near Dulwich.
On the day laid in the indictment, were you in London?
I was in London on the 29th of October, and about eleven o'clock at night I was returning down Fleet-street in my way home to Dulwich, I was accosted by a female, near to the watch-box of the prisoner, soliciting as those ladies do; I resisted, and did not go.
At last you did go?
As a man who has the fear of the Maker of an oath in his heart, I did not stop above a minute or two with her; I felt something move from my side, and seeing her hand going to her bosom, I seized hold of her hand, and felt the pocket-book in her hand; I was positive of having it, and when I put my hand in my side pocket it was not there.
How lately had you seen your pocket-book before?
In Fetter-lane, about five minutes before.
What did it contain?
It must contain what I had in it at the time of my coming out; it contained a twenty-five-pound Bank-note, a forty-pound, and a five-pound Bank-note.
What time did you leave home for the purpose of coming to London?
When I came to town it might be about three o'clock. Finding my pocket-book was gone when I got to St. Bride's passage, I laid hold of her hand, she cried out murder, and she said was I going to rob her; the watchman never offered to move.
Who was the watchman?
The prisoner.
How near was he to where you were?
It might be about the distance from where I stand to where the prisoner stands, or not quite so much.
Did you see the watchman?
Yes, when I came down to the watchman, I took hold of both the woman's hands, and brought her down to the box, as he did not move up to me; I told the watchman to take charge of this woman, and that she had robbed me; says he, I will not take her in charge, I won't take her he said, for you will say I have taken your pocket-book; I was obliged to do his duty, and she walked very readily with me to the watch-house; she then was searched by the constable of the night before me, and no book being found, my suspicion immediately turned to the watchman, as no object being near in the street but him, but the constable gave so good an account of him it staggered my opinion, I did not take him in custody that night.
Then afterwards you proceeded against the woman, and the bill was thrown out?
Yes.
Tell us how soon you took up the prisoner?
On the second day of the December Sessions he was taken in Chancery-lane, by Thomas Stanton , a Police-officer, I was present; he was taken to the Police-office in Hatton-garden, and from thence committed for hearing in the City; and as we were going along, he denied having any knowledge of the pocket-book, but afterwards, before the Alderman, he confessed the fact, his daughter had passed one of the notes; he said, his daughter was innocent of having any knowledge of the pocket-book, and she did not know of the note being stolen; he said, he received the pocket-book from Catherine Turner ; he said, the daughter was innocent, he would take the whole upon himself.
This was after his daughter had been accused of passing the twenty-five-pound note?
Yes.
Are you a married man?
No.
You live in the country?
Yes, at Dulwich.
You had dined in town that day?
No, I had dined in the country that day; I had come to town to transact business.
I suppose you were not perfectly sober to take up with such a sort of a woman as that - were you sober or drunk?
Sober, as I believe, from my recollection.
Some men have not their recollection when they are drunk?
I had drank a chearful glass, and a chearful glass will not make a person drunk.
It is a plain question to answer - were you sober or drunk?
Sober.
Then you, as a sober man, took up with such a woman as this, and went down Bride's passage with her?
It was in my way to Blackfriars-bridge.
You did not pick the woman up, she picked you up?
I did not.
After you lost your pocket-book, you took hold of both her hands, you never let her hands go till you took her to the watch-house?
No.
You say you had seen your pocket-book, and the contents of it, a little time before?
Yes.
Was the watchman in his box?
He seemed to remain in the dark side outside of his box.
You did not charge him with this that night?
No.
When you took the prisoner before the Alderman, and heard his confession, were you drunk or sober then?
Sober.
The moment you felt something go from you pocket, and when she put her hand to her breast, you put your hand on this woman's hand, did you feel the pocket-book there?
I felt it in her hand, but somehow or other she seemed to get rid of it; while she was crying out murder, she struggled much, and by that means it gave her an opportunity of parting with it from her hand.
How near was the watchman to where she was?
He might be about the distance from where I stand to the window.
She cried out for him to hear?
Yes, she cried out very loud, but he never came to my assistance nor to her's.
You are a Police-officer belonging to Hatton-garden?
Yes: On the 6th of December, I apprehended the prisoner in Chancery-lane; I took him before the Magistrate in Hatton-garden, he was committed for further examination; I took him from the House of Correction to the Alderman at Guildhall, he there told me that his daughter was innocent, for he had received the pocket-book from the lump of a wh - e, Kit Turner; I received the pocket-book from a person of the name of Blundell; Mr. Davis has the pocket-book.
(To Prosecutor.) Is that the pocket-book in question that contained the notes?
Yes.
(To Stanton.) At the time the prisoner made that confession, that pocket-book was the pocketbook upon which he spoke of?
Yes.
Was that pocket-book produced before the Magistrate at the time the prisoner was speaking what you have mentioned?
It was.
This pocket-book was produced before the Magistrate, and claimed by the prosecutor?
Yes, it was.
And spoken of in the way by the prisoner as you have said?
It was.
(To the prosecutor.) Is that your pocketbook?
Yes.
That is your pocket-book that contained the notes that you lost that night?
It is.
