- I live at No. 108, Shadwell ; I lost a new copper on the 19th of October; it was brought home for the purpose of being put up; it came in before I was up; I saw it about eleven o'clock in the cellar; the bricklayer who had been at work returned from dinner, and told me, he missed the copper; it has never been found; I know nothing of the prisoner.
I am a bricklayer: On the 18th of this month, I was employed by Mr. Richards to buy a copper for him; the next morning I carried it to his house, and put it in the kitchen, about six o'clock in the morning; I saw it there about twelve o'clock, I then went away to dinner; and about a quarter before one o'clock, I met the prisoner at the bar with the same copper upon his head, about half a mile from Mr. Richards's house, I did not know him before, I took particular notice of the man; I observed the copper, there was a bruise upon it, which I had noticed in the morning, upon the join near the bottom; I knew it to be the same copper, but did not know that I could take him; I did not know what to do, and I let him pass; at six o'clock the same evening, I was sent for, and saw the prisoner at a public-house opposite the Office; it was a remarkably deep copper for the circumserence of it.
I am a weaver, in Love-lane, Shadwell: I saw a new copper on the prisoner's head, going towards Tower-hill, between twelve and one o'clock on the Fast-day; I knew him by sight before.
I live at the corner of Love-lane: I saw the prisoner pass my door with the copper on his head about a quarter before one o'clock, on the Fast-day, I had seen him before, he was going towards St. George's turnpike; I saw him again in about an hour returning back into Brook-street, and I saw no more of him; it was a new copper.
I belong to the Police Office, Shadwell: On the 19th of October, in the evening, I took the prisoner into custody at a public-house within a few doors of Mr. Richards's; I know nothing of the copper; I knew the prisoner very well.
I had been at work all that morning at Blackwall, and never had a copper upon me at all.
