I live at No. 4, Broad-street, Bloomsbury, I am a hatter .
On the 23d of April did you send your apprentice boy for any money.
Yes, I sent George Newman into Queen-street in the city; he brought me seven pounds in his pocket handkerchief, I saw the money in the handkerchief, it was all gold and silver.
You did not count it.
No, he brought me a message from the city which induced me to wish to send it back again, they had a large bill to pay that day; I said it will be of no use to me, I gave him a piece of brown paper to put it in, and told him to take it back again, I saw him put it in the paper.
Do you remember going to the city for some money for your master.
Yes, I brought the money in a handkerchief.
Do you remember your master telling you to carry it back.
Yes, I put it into a piece of brown paper, I folded it up and laid it on the counter, and I went to breakfast.
When did you see the prisoner in the shop.
When I came from breakfast.
How long might you be at breakfast.
Half an hour.
Then you returned into the shop.
Yes.
Did you see the money laying on the counter then.
I did not notice it, I did not know but my master had taken it up, I left my master in the shop when I went to breakfast.
Did you see the prisoner in the shop at all.
When I come from breakfast I did.
Did you look after the money.
No, I had no thought about the money.
Had not your master told you to carry it back to the city.
Yes, but I told my master I had not had my breakfast, he told me to go and get it, and when I came from breakfast he told me to clean the windows.
You know nothing about what became of the money.
No.
You are brother to John Spybey are you.
Yes, I am a stocking-maker by trade.
You remember going to your brother on the 23d of April last.
Yes, in the forenoon I went into the shop, I saw a brown paper parcel laying on the counter, I asked the boy in the shop what it was ( John Andrew Paas ), he said he supposed it was hat buckles, and I immediately laid it down, I felt it was heavy; John Andrew Paas took it up and opened it, he said it was money, I did not see the contents of the parcel; the prisoner at the bar was in the shop, I know him perfectly well, I have seen him frequently at that shop.
Do you know what trade the prisoner is.
No more than buying old clothes; he is a Jew as I suppose.
When Paas opened this parcel where was Solomon Joseph standing.
Paas and me were standing near the parlour, and Solomon Joseph was near the door; I heard him say when the boy asked whose it was, he said it was his, I heard Paas say it was money, and I think in reply to that Solomon said it was his.
You are apprentice to John Spybey .
Yes.
Do you remember the day the boy brought the money from the city.
It was on the 23d, I remember seeing it in the shop on the counter in brown paper.
Do you remember George Spybey coming in.
Yes, I remember his taking up the brown paper parcel, he asked me what it was, I immediately told him that I supposed it was hat buckles, he put it down on the counter again, I opened it, I saw it was gold and silver, I said it was money; Solomon Joseph said it was his, then I shoved it towards him, I saw Solomon Joseph put his hand upon the paper and draw it towards him, I took no more notice, I went to the other side of the shop, and he said in the shop about a quarter of an hour afterwards, then he went away.
When he went away did you perceive that parcel on the counter.
No, it was not on the counter, because I took and rubbed the counter down as soon as he was gone, because it was all over dust, and I was going to get my breakfast.
When did your master first come to know it was missing.
About half after three he came and enquired about the money.
You did not see Joseph put it in his pocket and take it away.
I did not.
You never saw him take it off the counter.
I did not.
It was about half past three before there was any enquiry about it.
Yes.
By that time there was a great many customers in your shop.
I have no doubt but there was.
Did you leave him in the shop.
When I went down stairs he came down after me, and when I came up he came up, and we left master down stairs; I had to tie up a couple of hats that he had bought of my master, and then he went away directly.
And this was after all had passed up stairs about the money.
Yes.
(to prosecutor) When did you first know that this money was missing.
After I had dined a customer came in to pay me a bill, he wanted change for a five pound note, I felt in my pocket, and I found that I I had not got any change, directly it struck me that this boy had not been to Mr. Pedders with this seven pounds.
What time of the day was this.
I think it must be before three, because we were down at Whitechapel before four; when the boy came from breakfast I ordered him to wipe the windows, it struck me that I should have to go into the city, I thought no more of the seven pounds after that till I wanted to give this gentleman change; I says boy, give me that seven pounds, says he, I have not got it sir, I laid it on the counter, John Andrew Paas says the Jew took that money.
That was his idea of the matter, whether the Jew took it will be for the consideration of the gentlemen of the jury.
You went that same afternoon to Solomon's.
Yes.
You have always found him honest and correct in his dealings.
Yes, I always had a good opinion of him.
On his being searched you found nothing on him but a few shillings.
Nothing else.
I never wronged any body of a farthing, I have dealt with this gentleman four or five years, for new hats; for him to say that I had his money, I never saw it; when that gentleman came to see me I was very glad to see him, I asked him where he came from, he said he came to see me, I owed him seven pounds, I said seven pounds for what, he said do not you recollect that you owe me seven pounds, I said again for what, for if I want money, I can have it lent me in the neighbourhood, he says come along with me, when I came out of doors there was his brother and two other gentlemen; when we came to Lambeth-street he told me that I had robbed him; I never in my life did hurt a worm, nor was I ever dishonest to any body of a farthing, I was fit to faint, they shoved me into a public house and tore my clothes to pieces.
The first word that I said to him was you are determined to make me come to see you, you have repeatedly asked me, but I am much surprised at your conduct and the cause of it, how could you think of taking my seven pounds this morning, says he what seven pounds, I says seven pounds you took from out of my shop, says he how could you think of me taking seven pounds, I said I could not help thinking of your taking it when I have so clear evidence against you; there is no doubt you took it out of a joke, and I would wish to pass it off as such, says he I have not got your seven pounds, I says I shall take you to the police office immediatly, I called in Mr. Pedder and another friend; I did not stop a moment hardly.
