I live in Rosemary-lane, I am a butcher .
Did you lose two cart wheels and an iron axle-tree at any time
Yes; it was about eleven days before the prisoner was taken up that I missed them. My cart stood up against the sugar house in Duke-street , facing where I live in Rosemary-lane; I had not made use of it for three months; I had seen the cart there and the wheels about eleven days before the prisoner was taken; it was then with the wheels and axle-tree on.
You had no occasion to look after it till the prisoner was apprehended
I had not. A Lambeth-street officer came to me, I went to the prisoner's house in the hay loft, I saw a pair of wheels; I have never seen the axle-tree again. The wheels were fresh painted red; I rubbed some of the paint off; I found them to be the wheels that I had lost; they were painted yellow and prickled down with black.
Can you take upon yourself with positiveness to say they are your wheels
I positively think they are; I can swear no further.
I am an officer of Lambeth-street. On the 20th of April, in the morning, I had occasion to go to Flower's house to search it, and to apprehend him, which I did. In searching of the hay loft I saw these two wheels, which are in the indictment; they were fresh painted, and in the hay loft merely to dry. I took the prisoner to the office. I knew of a person that had lodged an information a few days before, that he had lost a pair of wheels. After I had locked up the prisoner I went to Mr. Parson's house and informed him, and took him into the hay loft, where the wheels were.
Was there any thing about the premises that wheels would be useful to
No, nothing at all. Mr. Parsons immediately said he would swear to them wheels; he took a cloth and wiped some of the paint off, and pointed out the box where he had altered it. I have one wheel here, and the other is at the New inn. I asked the prisoner how he came by these wheels; he said he bought them in Smithfield market about two months before; he meaned to get a little timber and knock up a body himself, and make a little cart, and drag it about with a jack ass, for the benefit of his wife's health; she was far advanced in her pregnancy; it was to ride her about.
There is witnesses to prove that I bought the wheels in Smithfield market.
I am a gun smith. I saw the prisoner buying the wheels; I do not know nothing of him.
