- I keep a shop , No. 117, Oxford-street : On the 13th of August, at three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came in, and offered me some artificial flowers to sell; having some suspicion of him, I asked him what his pleasure was, and he put his box down upon the counter beyond me; I told him not to put his trash there, but go about his business; he did not attend to me, I told him repeatedly to go away; I was alone in the shop, and no other person came in while he was there; my back was towards him between the counters, when I saw him pass me, and as he did not go out in the direction I expected, I had a suspecion of him; he had his right hand under his box, which confirmed me, being alone, I could not immediately follow him, but I watched him, I saw him turn down Prince's-street; being satisfied I could soon overtake him, I examined the counter, and immediately missed the stockings mentioned in the indictment, a pair of cotton stockings, they cost me 5s. 10d. the day before; I called my maid-servant up stairs, and went after him, but could not find him; I went after him a second time, and saw him come out of a public-house in Princes-street; by dint of persuasion I got him back to my house, and sent for a constable, who took the stockings from him; Princes-street is three doors from my house; I know the stockings to be mine by the marks.
Why did you not stop me before I went out of the shop?
I did not suspect him till he had got out at the door.
Why did you not call, stop thief! when I was in the street?
I thought I had better take him quietly back, and get a constable.
I am an officer; I was sent for to Mr. Griffin's to take charge of the prisoner; I took him into the parlour, and searched him; I found in his pocket this pair of stockings - (producing them.)
There is no private mark upon them; I know them by the manufacturer's marks.
Was the prisoner in liquor?
I believe he was a little in liquor, but seemed to know perfectly well what he was about; he struck the officer when he searched him.
