I keep the Red Lattice public-house, in Frogwell-court, Charter-house-lane ; the prisoner lived in the same house: On the 23d of July I missed a metal candlestick; I had seen the girl cleaning it in the kitchen.
How soon after she was cleaning it did you miss it?
About an hour.
Did you make known your loss to the prisoner?
Yes, I was charging a boy of the name of May, who came into the house to have a pint of beer, with it; I told him no person had been in but him that I could suspect; he threw himself upon his knees, and declared himself innocent; the prisoner wanted me to send him to jail, but as the boy declared himself innocent, I would not; on Sunday morning, the 7th of August, I went up with the constable into the prisoner's room, and there I saw my candlestick lying on his table; I told the constable that was my property.
What did Bryant say?
Not a word; I gave charge of him, and he was taken before a Magistrate. - (Produces it.)
Do you know it to be your's?
Yes, by two dents in the side; I asked him how he came by it at the watch-house, and he denied that it was mine.
Are you sure it was your's?
Yes, perfectly.
Who had the public-house before you took it?
A man by the name of Condon.
He had taken it before of the prisoner, had not he?
Yes.
Condon was appraised in, and so were you?
No, I was not appraised in, I bought them without a broker; we lumped them.
Did you buy more than two candlesticks?
Yes.
Upon your oath you bought more?
I bought two brass candlesticks and two iron ones.
You inhabit the whole of the house, excepting one room, which he had?
Yes.
There had been considerable quarrels between you?
Not considerable.
You have gone to law together, have not you?
As far as a summons went.
Did you attend the hearing?
One summons I got a verdict, and the other was dismissed without prejudice.
Had the prisoner any other candlesticks in his room?
I do not know.
Mr. Bleamire committed him for a felony, did not he?
He ordered him over to bail.
Do you mean to swear that?
Yes.
For the candlestick?
Yes.
Upon your oath, it is not true that he was dismissed upon that complaint?
Upon my oath it is not true, he was obliged to give bail.
Was he not bound over for an assault, and was not that the charge that was made?
No, not to my knowledge.
Will you swear positively the Justice did not bind you over to prosecute the assault at the next Clerkenwell Sessions?
No, he told the prisoner he must find bail.
For the assault?
No, for the felony, I suppose.
There was no charge of an assault before the Magistrate?
No, because I brought the candlestick before Mr. Bleamire.
Was what you said before the Justice put in writing?
I don't know, I suppose it was.
Was it not put in writing, and signed by the Justice and yourself?
His clerk put it down.
Did you sign it?
Yes, but I never read it over.
Nor it was not read over to you?
Not to my knowledge.
When was it you went before Mr. Bleamire?
On the Monday after the Sunday.
That was in July or August?
In July.
Do you mean to swear it was in July?
Yes, I do; it was on the 7th of August that I found the candlestick, and on the 8th I went before Mr. Bleamire.
And you mean to swear Mr. Bleamire made him find bail for this?
I am sure he did.
Did you indict him at the September Sessions?
No, I did not.
How often did you take him up before Mr. Bleamire?
Never but that time.
Do you mean to swear that too?
Yes.
And Mr. Bleamire made him find bail to appear at the Sessions?
Yes.
And bound you over to prosecute?
No.
You preferred no bill in September Sessions?
No, I was not well.
When did you get your license for your public-house?
The licensing day at Clerkenwell.
When was that?
I believe in September.
What part of September?
I don't recollect: the first day I believe was the 9th, or the 6th.
You have told my Lord and the Jury that you did not go to the next Sessions because you was ill?
I was not able to go.
Then did you go upon the 9th to get your license?
Yes.
And yet you could not go on the 12th to prefer you bill?
I might be three days waiting, and I was not able to go through the hardship of waiting, and I got my license in an hour.
What was your illness?
A very heavy cold.
When did you indict?
The last Sessions.
How often have you had an opportunity of seeing the prisoner between August and October Sessions?
Very often.
Did he not live in the same house?
No, opposite.
You saw him every day?
No.
Had you any warrant to apprehend him?
Yes, I apprehended him as soon as I got out.
When was it - the 17th of November, was it not?
Very near.
The indictment was found on the 21st of October, and you did not arrest him till the 17th of November?
No.
Did you not see the prisoner between the 21st of October and the 17th of November?
I don't doubt but I did.
Upon your oath did you not?
I don't doubt but I did, but I am not sure.
Did you not see him before Mr. Leach at the County Court?
Yes.
After you had indicted him?
Yes.
And before he was taken up upon a warrant?
Yes, it was.
I am a constable; I was sent for by the last witness to apprehend the prisoner; I went up into his room; Mr. Bryant was at the threshold of the door at the bottom of the stairs; he begged of me to let him go up stairs into his own room; I went up with him; we stopped some little time, and Mr. Gibbons came up to see what we were about, and he saw this candlestick, and said it was his property; he gave me charge of him, and I took him to the watch-house, and there I left him; Mr. Gibbons put the candlestick into his pocket.
Did the prisoner say any thing about the candlestick?
To the best of my knowledge he did not.
When you were sent for by Gibbons, the prisoner was at home?
He was at the door.
Did he ask you to go up with him?
Yes; he made a noise, and wanted to go up to his own room, and he asked me to go up with him.
The candlestick was upon the table, not secreted at all?
It was upon the table.
What were you to take him up for?
For making a noise on the Sunday morning; I was sent for to take him for an assault.
This man came to me, and wanted to take my public-house; I had heard a bad character of him, I did not like him, and told him not to come after me, and then he got another man to take it, and then he put him in.
I am one of the clerks assisting at Hatton-street.
Were you so at the time when this matter came on between the prisoner and the prosecutor?
Yes.
Mr. Bleamire was the Magistrate then sitting there?
Yes.
What was the charge?
He endeavoured to institute a charge of felony in the first instance for robbing him of a candlestick, but the prisoner clearly made out a claim to it.
What was the claim?
He called one or two persons to swear to its being his property.
What was done upon this charge of stealing the candlestick?
That was dismissed.
Was he made to find bail for stealing the candlestick, or dismissed from it?
He was dismissed from it.
If you wish this to go on, Gentlemen, I will hear it.
Did he sign this?
Yes, it begins, Patrick Gibbons upon his oath charges him with an assault, and beating him.
It is too bad.
We have witnesses to prove his right to the candlestick.
We are satisfied.
