What are You?
A drover.
Do you recollect having been at Cock and Bell public-house on Monday night?
Yes, from seven till about ten; I saw the prisoner there in the course of the evening, but not so late as that.
Did you know John Goldsmith ?
Yes, very well; he was there when I went in; the prisoner came in after me, but I cannot tell how long.
Were there other persons in the company of the prisoner?
He was in company with another gentleman.
Was there any conversation about a wager of a guinea that evening?
Not to my know ledge; the prisoner and another man came in, and had six pennyworth of gin and water, after that they had another, and then went away; in a very short time after the prisoner came in again, and looked round for a seat,one of the witnesses would not let him sit down by him, and I said come here, upon which he put his hand to his side and said some of you shall have the contents of this.
Did you see what is was?
I did not properly see the rights of the property; a little while after I got up and stood at the bar door, and there was an argument between him and Mr. Telfar, and he went up towards him.
How long was that after he said some of you shall have the contents of this?
I think it might be about five minutes; the deceased was getting up to go out of doors, and before he could get out, somebody shoved him against Mr. Tier; he immediatlely turned round and went to the end of the settle and drew a knife.
Was Goldsmith near the settle at that time?
No, he was going out at the door; the prisoner drew a knife, and said any body that offended him should have the contents of it.
Was the prisoner sober or not?
He was not sober, nor he was not drunk he was about half and half; Goldsmith then came back, went to the site place and caught hold of either the tongs or the poker, I don't know which; he immediately went round after the prisoner.
Was there no outcry in the company, upon his producing his knife?
No, I did not hear any body say any thing; Goldsmith went round the settle after the prisoner.
Was that the way to go into the street?
Yes, Goldsmith went after him; in a very short time the deceased cried out he is in me; upon that alarm one of the witnesses went to assist in getting the knife out of the man's body; he was led back into the tap-room, and said he was given me the contents of the knife; he unbuttoned his waistcoat, pulled up his shirt, and there was his bowels in his hand.
Had there been any violence offered to the prisoner before that?
No.
Do you mean to say no violence was offered to him?
Yes.
Was there not a shove against him so violent as to make him reel against the kitchen grate?
It did not bruise him.
Perhaps your memory will serve you to say that the majority of the company were calling out poker him, poker him?
I did not hear any body call out poker him.
I should rather suspect you were not sober?
Yes I was, I had only had a pint of beer.
How long had you been in the house?
I suppose about an hour.
Can you recollect what time you came in?
No; I did not look at the dial.
Were you at the public-house the night this happened?
I was; I saw the prisoner come in with a cheesemonger in Whilecross street, they sat on the opposite side of the room to me; soon after he was in, a dispute arose, about a wager of a guinea; I heard Mr. Tier say, he should insist upon having his guinea again.
Who was that dispute with?
The landlord of the house, he is here; the landlord said, part of the guinea was spent in punch, and the parties must settle it among themselves for he had nothing to do with it; I know no more that passed between the parties till afterwards; Mr. Tier and me were having some words together, he was very near the table by the fire, and during that time somebody pushed Goldsmith against Tier.
How long had Goldsmith been in the house?
I did not observe, nor did I know the man. Tier made a stagge against the fire-place, whether he sell or not I do not know, but he staggered; after which Tier withdrew to the corner of the settle, and then it was I saw the knife.
What sort of a knife wa it?
A large knife, apparently a butcher's knife; some voices in the room then called out, knock him down, he has got a knife.
Did you hear him say any thing first?
He said something, but what it was I cannot say.
Were there more voice than one called out so?
Yes, there were.
How many persons were in the room?
I dare say a dozen, or fourteen.
How many voices did you hear call out?
I cannot say.
More than one?
Yes; upon that Goldsmith ran towards the fire, and caught up the tongs; he followed the prisoner into the passage, with the tongs before him.
Did he say any thing to him?
Not that I heard; in a few seconds, or a minutes, I heard the unfortunate man say, he is in me.
At this time the prisoner was in his working dress, a a butcher; he had his blue apron on, had he not?
I have not a doubt but he had.
It was such a knife as butcher use, tucked in the girdle of their aprons?
I believe it was so.
He was shoved against the fire?
Yes.
That is what they call sky-larking, is it not?
I cannot say what they call it.
The prisoner was making his way towards the door to go out of the house?
Yes.
And then it was that Goldsmith followed with the tongs, pursuing him?
Yes.
What passed in the passage you did not see?
NO; there was a scuffle in the passage before the deceased cried out.
You are the landlord of the Cock and Bell public-house?
Yes; I recollect seeing the prisoner and the deceased there, about half past seven o'clock in the evening; the prisoner and a cheesemonger called for sixpenny worth, and two pipes of tobacco, which I served them with, and the prisoner addressed himself to me respecting returning him a guinea, which he had left with me to make good a bet some time before; I told him I could not say any thing to it without the other parties were present, that they had seven shilling worth of punch out of it, and if he chose ot wait, I dared to say the other parties would no tbe long before they came; just as I said that, they came in; and I said to the prisoner, here they are, settle it with them, and whatever you agree to I have no objection; the prisoner after that, had a few words with Mr. Telfar, paid the reckoning, and left the house.
Did you observe whether he had any knife with him or not?
I did not see any with him then In the course of five minutes, he returned into the house by himself.
Did you observe whether he had a knife when he returned?
I did not.
Before he left the house, the first time, did he say for what purpose he left it?
No; I conceived he was gone home; when he returned, he called for a pint of porter, and change for a\\ seven\\ shilling-pieces, and set himself down by the side of Povey, when a conversation took palce between him and Mr. Telfar, respecting his going and making a complaint about having some wine at my house; Mr. Telfar accused him of having asserted it, he denied it, and a person was sent for to prove it; just as the person came in, and the question was put, the prisoner arose from his seat, went across the tap-room to continue the conversation across the table, and after some words between Mr. Telfar and him, the prisoner put himself in a position for fighting; I was in my bar, but I turned round, and saw the prisoner in the attitude for fighting, and doubling his sist.
Had you seen any attempt made by any person to offer violence to him before you saw him in that attitude?
No, I had not.
Was that effort towards fighting the first attempt towards riot you saw in the room?
Yes; in consequence of his being in that position, somebody shoved the deceased against him.
Did you see any body attempt to shove him, or assault him, before he stood in that position?
I did not.
Do you know who it was that shoved the deceased against him?
No; because the settle prevented my seeing.
When the deceased was shoved against him, what did you see?
The prisoner see backwards towards the fire-place, and the deceased with him; the prisoner was next the fire-place, but neither of them fell, they only staggered with the shove against the fire-place.
Did the prisoner say any thing on receiving the shove?
He returned to the corner of the settle, and drew a knife; I did not see him draw it, but I saw him with it in his hand, holding it out towards the company, and exclaiming some words which I cannot repeat perfectly, but it was, that if they came near him again, they should have the contents of the knife, or something of that kind; I think they were very aggaravating words, and holding the knife in his hand; immediatley there was a hue and cry, he has drawn a knife; the general voice prevailed.
That was after he drew the knife, and held it in that menacing poisition?
Yes.
What else did they say?
Knock him down, or knock it out of his hand, I cannot say which, they might say both.
Did more than one person say it?
Yes, the general voice; more than one, two, or three; according to the best of my opinion, I think it was, knock him down; and the deceased immediately turned towards the fire-place for the poker, or tongs, I don't know which, but he took up the tongs, and appeared to me to follow the prisoner behind the settle.
Were you enabled to ascertain for what purpose he followed him?
I should suppose to knock him down, or to knock his knife down; almost instantly that he went behind the settle, I heard the deceased cry out, he is in me, or something of that sort.
Did you hear any blows?
I think the deceased, after the knife was in him, made a blow with his hands.
You say he had the tongs?
Yes.
Did you hear any clashing of the tongs, so as to say there was a blow given the prisoner before you heard the deceased cry out?
No, I did not.
I think this cannot be carried further that manslaughter.
No, my Lord; and I think I cannot make less of it.
I am a surgeon, and attended the deceased in St. Barholomew's-hospital; he was brought in on Monday evening, and died on Tuesday evening, in consequence of the wound in his belly.
I stood in my down defence, or I should have been a dead man.
