- I live at No. 173, Fleet-street , I am a silk-mercer ; between the hours of five and six o'clock, after it was dark, on the 7th of December , I heard a voice at the door, saying, that somebody should come out and protect the windows; I went out as fast as I could, I saw the prisoner at the bar was laid hold of by Mr. March, the elder.
What had he done to your house?
The pane of glass was broke, and one part of the silk was out of the window; and the other part was in the hole of the window; it was cut about the middle, but not quite separated.
Are you sure the glass was whole before?
Yes.
Did you hear it break?
I did not hear the window break, I heard the noise at the door, it was quite dark, we had a lamp in the window; I never saw the boy before to my knowledge.
Do you live in this street?
Yes, about twenty doors from Mr. Francis, the same side of the way; I was coming towards my father's, and I saw the prisoner at the window; I went and told my father that I thought he was going to cut the window, and me and my father went out together; we passed him, he was standing at the window; then we returned back again, and passed him the second time; I then turned round, and saw he was pulling something out of the window; my father then went and laid hold of him; he dropped the silk, which I laid hold of, and held it there till Mr. Francis came out.
It was not all out?
No, about four yards of it was out.
You did not see whether it was broke when you first went by it?
I did not.
I went out as my son has stated to you, and took the lad into custody, with part of this silk in his hand, which he dropped on the ground when I laid hold of him.
(To Francis.) How near was this roll of silk in the window to the pane of glass that was broke?
About the length of this roll.
Whether, by accident of falling, this roll of silk might have broken the glass?
It could not have been broke by its falling, and one part of the silk was inside, and the other out, when he was taken; I do not think it could have fell there without a hand being put in.
