I am a linen-draper , in Ratcliff-highway ; the prisoner was my shopman : On the 25th of January, after the hurry of business, I counted the money I had taken; and, while I was about it, the servant told me dinner was ready; I went away in a hurry, and left the notes on the counter; I was not absent above ten or twelve minutes; when I went down to the door, a person asked me to give him change for a ten-pound note; I felt for my notes, and missed them; I was in a sturry, knowing I had not been out of the shop; as I had washed my hands after dinner, I thought I might have left them up stairs; I searched every where, but could not find them; I suspected the prisoner, and asked him if he had been out of the shop that day; I asked all the shopman the same; the prisoner said he had not, though I asked him two or three times; I then went for Rodgers, the officer; I told them all I had suspicions, and intended to have them searched; upon which the prisoner said, begin with me first. Rodgers asked him three several times, Sir, be positive, I have a reason for asking; have you been out of the house to-day or not? no, I have not, he said three different times; I said, Mr. Sirdefield, I know you have been out to-day; O yes, I recollect, said he, I did go to your other shop, next door but one; yes, said I, you have been to the doctor's too; O yes, says he, I have, but they both slipped my memory; he was then examined, but nothing found on him; the officer has two of the notes which I have seen.
When had you taken those notes?
In the course of the morning, but had not put my name on them; the prisoner had no reason to suppose I should be angry at his leaving the shop; I had given no orders the shopmen should not.
I was shopman to Mr. Drake: On the 25th of January, while Mr. Drake was at dinner, the prisoner complained of the piles, which he had done for some time, and asked me what was good for them; I told him to get some cooling ointment; he said he would go then before he came down, but I advised him twice not to go; he went before Mr. Drake came down, and I heard him ask him whether he had been out; he said, he had not; I had informed Mr. Drake, because he appeared to be very uneasy about the notes; then I told him positively he had been out.
It was by your advice he got some cooling ointment?
Yes, and he shewed me the box.
I live at No. 38, Catherine-street, about three minutes walk from Mr. Drake's; the prisoner lodged with me about a week before he went to Mr. Drake's, and left some things in a box; on the day he was taken up, he came to me, about two o'clock, and asked me to get some things out of pawn for him; he gave me six one-pound and one two-pound Bank of England notes; I went to Mr. Byrne's, in Wood-street, Cheapside; the things came to three pounds nine shillings, or three pounds ten shillings, which I paid by a two-pound note and two ones; as I was going along, I bought some tea and sugar for myself, and changed one of the notes; I took two home, which the officer has; I put the things into the prisoner's box, but when the officer came, he took them out.
When Rodgers came, did you give him the notes directly?
No; just at that time I was very frightened, and threw them into the garden, but I fetched them to him; I was taken into custody, and have been so ever since.
I am servant to Mr. Byrne; I remember the last witness coming on Monday, the 25th of January, to redeem a quantity of goods, for which she paid three pounds eight shillings and nine-pence halfpenny, by two one-pound notes and a two-pound note, which we paid away; she took the things away, which were principally wearing-apparel.
I am an officer belonging to Shadwell office, and was applied to by Mr. Drake to apprehend the prisoner on the 25th of January; I asked the prisoner if he had been out in the course of the evening, as I had received information that he had; he said, he was not; I asked him two or three times to be sure, as I should tell the Magistrates what he said; he still said he was not out; Mr. Drake said something to him, but I don't know what; he then said, that he recollected that he had been at the other shop, and also at the doctor's for some ointment; I told them to look about the shop, as perhaps they were mislaid; not finding the notes, I said I was under the necessity of searching him, which I did, but found nothing; I went to Mrs. Weeks's the same afternoon, and was a considerable time with her before she acknowledged; then she went to the back place behind the house, and picked from some dust a morocco pocket-book, with two notes in it, which I have kept ever since; she also shewed me a quantity of things, which she said she had got out of pawn; I took them out of the box, and have them here; she told me the box was his, and he said me cloathing she had given me was his property, and he said that no blame was due to her, for that he had employed her to go to the pawnbroker's for him; I never threatened or promised him any thing if he would confess. (The things were produced, and identified by Weeks, Smith, and Rodgers.)(Two one-pound notes produced, and shewn to Mr. Drake.)
This note I can positively swear to, and this I believe to be the other, because it was found with it; I recollect taking this of a person, and seeing the name of Smith on it; I am in the habit of taking a great number of notes of a Mr. Smith, but it is not the same Mr. Smith, because I have compared the writing; I live at No. 118, in Ratcliff-highway, with my family, and had not been out of the house above a yard or two.
I know nothing of the notes; I never saw them.
