Where do you live?
My accomptinghouse is on St. Dunstan's-hill; I am a sugar-broker and merchant ; I employed Mr. Dring as a warehouseman , to house sugars, in Wheeler-street, Spital-fields.
Look at that order - did you order twenty hogsheads' to be housed at Mr. Dring's warehouse?
I did.
Did you ever see them there?
I cannot say I saw those particular casks there.
When was that order given?
On the 13th of October.
What are you?
I work in Mr. Dring's warehouse.
Do you remember going for any sugar of Mr. Davis's?
Yes.
Look at that order - did you go for twenty hogsheads of sugar?
Yes.
What did you do with them?
I took them to Mr. Dring's warehouse.
By that order from Mr. Davis?
Yes.
Did the hogsheads appear to be all tight?
Yes, they did.
Did you, at any time afterwards, see them in the warehouse?
Yes.
Did you afterwards sec them in any other situation than tight?
Yes, a good while after; when it was found out, I saw a great many of them empty; I saw three of them first.
Did you tell Mr. Davis of it?
I did.
What are you?
I am servant to Mr. Dring; these casks of sugar came to Mr. Dring's before I came there.
Do you remember any casks in the warehouse marked I diamond F?
Yes.
Do you know whose property they were?
No, I do not.
Do you remember any of these casks being opened?
I do.
Who opened them?
According to my master's orders, sometimes I opened them, and sometimes he opened them himself.
Do you remember the opening of any particular cask - can you separate any particular day?
No, I cannot.
At the time that they were opened, was your master privy to it?
Yes, he was there.
Was there any one time when the whole contents of a cask were taken out in any one day?
Yes, and put into barrels and casks.
Did he ever empty a hogshead in a day?
Yes, there has been a hogshead emptied in a day.
Do you know the weight of an hogshead?
The common run, I believe, is about fifteen hundred weight.
Do you remember, at any time, more than one hogshead in one day?
No, not more than one hogshead in one day.
What became of the sugar that was so taken?
It was sent, according to my master's order, to different grocers; there was a whole hogshead emptied in one day into casks, and part of it sent to Mr. Heseldine.
Can you fix what day that was?
No.
Did you ever hear from your master whose property that sugar was?
His own.
Were any samples of this sugar drawn?
I did not see any.
The hogshead itself was never sent?
The hogshead was left behind.
How was that hogshead marked?
I diamond F.
Where do you live?
In Lamb-street, Spital-fields.
Do you know Mr. Dring?
Yes.
Do you remember buying any sugar of him?
Yes.
At what time?
At different times; I cannot say as to any particular day.
You have been examined before?
Yes, but I did not then speak to a particular day; I could not.
Don't you keep books?
Yes.
Don't you make entries?
Sometimes I do, and sometimes I do not.
How came you not to make an entry of this?
It was weighed, and I paid for it immediately.
That is not your constant practice in your business?
Yes, I did it the other day; I keep no account of sugar; if I go to the refiner's, there is the money for it.
And you cannot, by your books, afertain any thing with respect to this sugar?
No.
Your mode of buying sugar is by the whole hogshead at a time?
Yes.
Therefore, what you bought of Mr. Dring, must have been a whole hogshead?
Yes.
Did you ever have delivered to you a whole hogshead at a time?
Yes.
Do you mean to say you ever had a hogshead in your life, or that it could come into your house?
Yes, surely I have.
If you bought nothing but a whole hogshead, you had none brought in casks?
There was one, that, at my request, was put into a rice-barrel, for the greater facility of carriage.
Your original purchase was a whole hogshead?
Yes.
You had been in Mr. Dring's warehouse?
Yes.
Were there not a great variety of hogsheads in the warehouse?
I suppose 1500 hogsheads.
How old are you?
Turned of thirteen.
Were you employed in Mr. Dring's warehouse?
Do you know what you are sworn to?
Yes.
What would be the consequence of a bad oath?
I should go to a bad place.
Were you employed to do any thing in Mr. Dring's warehouse?
Yes, knocking in the heads.
Do you remember any casks in the warehouse with the mark I diamond F upon them?
Yes.
Do you remember a cask being opened?
Yes.
At what time?
I cannot say at what time.
Do you remember seeing Dobson open one?
Yes.
And what was done with it?
Put into casks, and sent to the grocers.
I believe I asked you if that order was your writing?
It is.
How were these casks marked?
I diamond F.
Had Mr. Dring any power or authority from you to sell sugar?
None whatever.
Tell us how you found the casks afterwards?
Two of Mr. Dring's men came to me, and, in consequence of their information, I went there.
When was that?
In May last.
You had been absent from business, I believe, some time before?
Yes, I had.
In what condition did you find your goods?
Fifteen hogsheads were quite gone, one hogshead removed, and the other four in part empty.
At that time you called upon Mr. Dring to make up what was dificient by an action
Yes.
And upon information that you received, you were advised to proceed as you have now done?
Yes.
In October last, how many hogsheads did you land?
In the course of the year I suppose two or three hundred.
Twenty of which were deposited in this warehouse?
Yes.
I believe the custom is, when a sugar-broker deposits sugar with a warehouseman, he pays him a rent per ton?
Yes, he does.
What rent per ton were you to pay him?
Seven-pence per ton for a week, the usual rent.
At the time you visited the warehouse, Mr. Dring was arrested, and under confinement, at your suit?
He was.
You arrested him at Dover for this very sugar for which you now indict him?
Yes.
How long has that action been stopped?
I gave an order for stopping it eight or ten days ago.
Do you know whether that action is or not going on?
I don't think it can; I don't know.
Did you give any order to the prisoner to send any sugar to Heselaine?
Never.
Did you give any order to the prisoner to send sugar to any body, and put it to your account?
Never, I believe.
You are a solicitor, I believe, in Broad-street?
I am.
You commenced an action of trover for Mr. Davis against Mr. Dring, to recover the\\ amountof this sugar?
I did.
Has that action been stopped?
Yes, here is the rule;
It is dated before the bill was found?
Yes.
When was it served?
I do not know; the first appointment appears to be the 12th of July.
