I live with captain Fuller, he is at Canterbury at present: On the 7th of May, the prisoner stood at the door of the Prince of Wales's Coffee-house, in Conduit-street ; captain Fuller was gone out to dinner; about eleven-o'clock in the evening, I went in with a pair of saddle bags belonging to captain Fuller, and hung them across the banisters of the stairs; I went up stairs, and when I came down the saddle bags were gone; I began to make enquiry, the chamber-maid saw a man, in a soldier's coat, go out with something, but she could not tell what; there were half a dozen pair of boots in the saddle bags, eight pair of shoes, and a pair of pistols; I put them in myself; I went home to meet two brothers of mine, but they were not there, and then I went out to look for this man, but I did not meet with him; I returned back to the coffee-house a little before twelve; the things were delivered up to me at Marlborough-street, because captain Fuller wanted his things.
You are upon your oath, and I hope you will take care what you swear; you say I was at the coffee-house door, I was not near the coffee-house door - are you certain it was me?
I am.
I am the wife of Thomas Sims ; my husband came home, having lost the saddle-bags, he was going to Canterbury the next morning; we were very much alarmed, he expected two brothers of his to take farewell, and they were not come, I went out to Newman-street, where one of them lived, and in going from King-street to St. James's-square, I saw the saddle-bags, and the prisoner sitting by them, they hung over a place where the porters put their loads; I lifted up a bit of leather; I had brought them about a fortnight before from Lewes, for the captain, and they were put into the boot of the coach, and a hole was robbed in them, by that I saw they were the same; the prisoner was dressed in a soldier's coat, my husband said it was a man dressed in a soldier's coat, that made me take notice of them; the watchman came up I said, they were the saddle-bags my husband lost; the watchman said, give me charge, and I said, don't be too hasty, the watchman said, there was boots and shoes in them, and then I gave charge of the prisoner, he was sitting upon the place; I never was out so late in my life before, and was very much frightened; the prisoner had two sticks, the watchman immediately took possession of the bags; the prisoner said, he found them in Oxford-road, and at Marlborough-street, the next morning, he said he found them in Hanover-square.
Did you see the bags opened at any time?
Yes.
What time was it?
About eleven or a quarter after, I cannot say exactly.
I am a watchman in Oxford-road: On the 7th of May, a little before twelve, I met the prisoner coming along Oxford-road with the saddle-bags upon a stick, very near Berners-street, Oxford-road; I asked him what he had got there; he said his own property, that he came from Uxbridge, and was very tired; he sat down upon a place where the porters rest themselves, and this lady happened to come by, and saw it; she said the bags that were lost contained boots and shoes, I felt the soles through the leather, and said, ma'am, you are right; I took him to the watch-house with the saddle-bags, and he was taken before a Magistrate the next day; I put a mark on them, and they were delivered up, because the gentleman wanted them to go into the country with; I cut a piece off.
These are the same bags, the bit matches.
Was there not something round that bag?
Yes, a piece of cloth, or handkerchief, and a stick slung through it upon his shoulder.
These are captain Fuller's bags, I have seen them a hundred times, I bought them for captain Fuller; this pair of pistol's I bought, I know them to be captain Fuller's, here is a pair of boots, and a pair of shoes that I know.
These are the same bags; I observed at the time they were taken out of the coach, that they had been rubbed against a box, and I was very much alarmed for fear my husband should get anger of his gentleman.
I found them in the square I saw two men whispering together, and hand something over the iron pallisadoes; I went by that corner, they went away, and I looked and saw a stick sticking to something, and I took it up, I thought they would be advertised or something, and I should get something to help me on the road, I was going down to Scotland, I did belong to the Dunbarton fencibles ; in the midst of judgment, gentlemen, pray remember mercy.
