I am a labouring man, in the farming business, for Mary Cokeham : On Wednesday, the 8th of January, I was passing by the gate where the heifers were kept, I saw it had been opened and just closed to, this was between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I looked and saw that the heifers were gone; the last time I had seen them was the Saturday before, I missed them, and went home and told my mistress of it; I saw one of them again the Saturday after, at Stepney; I went to Mr. Marshall first, that bought them at Smithfield, I never saw the other afterwards.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; he is a farmer's son at Waltham-abbey, about two or three miles from Edmonton; I knew it again when I saw it, it had several marks upon the near eye, it was what we call a pinchbeck coloured one; I am sure it was the same; there was the print of a horse's foot in the field.
I went to the field to see the heifer, near Stepney Church; I knew it to be the same that Mrs. Cokeham had lost.
I am a drover; the prisoner came to me on Thursday night, at Enfield Highway, where I lived, and delivered me two heifers; I asked him whether our salesman should fell them, and he said, yes; I asked him if the money was to be brought down for them, and he said, yes; they were sold, and my mother has got the money; the two were sold for ten guineas; he was to call for the money at our house, but he never called; one of them had got a great deal of white about it, of a pinchbeck colour.
What time did the prisoner come to you?
About ten o'clock at night.
He is a farmer's son, is he not?
Yes.
It is the usual mode, is it not, for a farmer to send his beasts up by a drover?
Yes.
Last Friday week, I bought two heifers of Mr. Collins, a salesman; I live in Aldgate High-street; one was a brindled, and the other was a spotted one; I killed one, and sent the other to a field, by Stepney-church; some persons came to see the heifer afterwards, but I was not present; they said, there was a brand in the horn of one of them, but I could see none.
They had been all branded, I helped to brand them.
He said the brand was wore out.
I saw a man with these two heifers on the road, and he said he was going into Hertfordshire, and I bought them of him, and gave ten pounds for them; I gave them to Mr. Field to sell for me.
The prisoner is a farmer, at Waltham-abbey; I know the field-gate belonging to Mrs. Cokeham's farm; on the 5th of January, in the evening, I was coming home from Waltham-abbey, I live near Mrs. Cokeham; I met two beasts, within two hundred yards of the field-gate, and some person driving them.
Do you know who it was that was driving them?
I do not know; but I think, to the best of my knowledge, it was not the prisoner; it was very near eleven o'clock; I have known the prisoner these nine or ten years.
Could you distinguish the colour of these two beasts?
No, I could not.
