You conduct for Mr. Bernard, the solicitor of the Mint, all these prosecutions.
I do, I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Martha Doyle . I examined it with the original record. (The copy of the record and conviction read in Court.)
You are clerk to Mr. Newport the keeper of the New Prison, Clerkenwell.
I am.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar.
Perfectly well.
Were you in court in April Sessions, 1805, holden for the county of Middlesex.
I was.
Were you present when she was convicted.
Yes, and when she received her sentence; she was tried for uttering bad money, and convicted to be imprisoned for one year, I am thoroughly convinced of her person.
You serve in the shop of Mr Benjamin Markham .
I do, he lives at No. 133, Ratcliff-highway. In June last the prisoner at the bar came to buy a piece of print for a gown, I cut her off six yards at eighteen pence a yard, for which she gave me nine shillings in silver, which I found fault with, I thought it was not good, I told her so, I told her to wait two or three minutes and I would look at it; I got over the counter and looked at it immediately and I shewed it to Mr. Markhan, he said it was not good in her presence, it all appeared to be of the same coin; Mr. Markham said he would detain the money, and likewise her, she burst out into tears, and an officer was sent for.
You parted with the money to Mr. Markham.
I did, I gave him the same nine shillings I received of the prisoner.
We understand you live in Ratcliff highway.
I do, I am a linen draper.
You remember seeing the prisoner in your shop in the month of June last.
Yes.
Do you remember receiving the money of the last witness, Sweeting.
Yes, I looked at them, I thought they were all bad, I detained her, kept the money, and sent for an officer, I delivered the money and the prisoner into his custody.
Did you observe any thing particular about the money.
There were some letters and some wax in lumps over all the money; I kept the money in my hand till I gave it to Hewitt the officer.
You are one of the officers of Shadwell police office.
I am.
You were sent for, we understand, by Mr. Markham.
I was, I had nine shillings given me by Mr. Markham; I searched the prisoner, and found upon her a base shilling, a good sixpence, several halfpence, a new pewter spoon, and a child's little earthen pot; I produce them, I asked her where she bought the spoon, she said that she bought them for the purpose of taking them to a relation of her's who was in the hospital; I asked her how she came by the money, she said she had taken it of a strange person last night, I told her I must take her in custody, which I did; I have kept the one base shilling separate from the nine shillings.
Did there appear any thing on the surface of the shillings at the time that you took them from Markham.
A kind of wax was all over them in little lumps, it was put on them for the purpose of taking the brightness off.
You are a monier of the mint, look at these nine shillings, and tell me whether they are good or bad.
They are all bad and counterfeit, by rubbing them the brass is perceptible to any one: they appear very much alike.
Do you know what the wax is upon them for.
To take the glare off, to deaden the white.
I now put into your hand the shilling that was found in her pocket.
This is also a bad one, it is very much like the others.
(to Mr. Powel) You have been examined upon these cases a great number of years.
I have.
Are you acquainted with the effect of this wax, or whatever it is, that is put upon the surface of them.
It takes off the bright appearance from the silver, and makes it appear to be in a state of circulation; I particularly noticed it on them when they were first examined, and there is some on them now.
