What is your husband's name?
Charles Cross.
Where do you live?
No. 14, Christopher-street, Finsbury-square
In the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch?
Yes.
Is he a housekeeper?
Yes.
What have you to say against the prisoner?
I lost a pocket-book containing the notes.
When?
I missed it on the 9th.
Did you see it on the 8th?
Yes, I put it away into the desk of the bureau.
In what room?
On the second floor.
bedchamber or what?
study.
What was in the pocket-book?
check for 6l. os. 8d.
What do you call a check?
A banker's check.
Did you ever recover any of the property?
The check was found on her.
Did you lose any thing else?
Yes, a ten pound Bank note, a five pound note, and a two pound note.
Were they all Bank notes?
Yes.
Were there any halfpence?
Not in the pocket-book, but in one of the holes of the desk there was a shillings worth of copper, I put it away myself the same night.
Had you examined the contents of the pocket-book that night so as to know that the notes were in it?
Yes.
What time did you miss it the next morning?
About nine o'clock, as near as I can say.
Was the desk locked or not?
I cannot positively say, I put the key into the bureau, but whether I unlocked it or not I cannot say.
Was there any appearance of violence being done to the desk?
No, I did not see any.
Having missed the things, what induced you to suppose that the prisoner took them, was she your servant?
She was chairwoman to us in consequence of my two women servants being ill. She only slept in the house that night, and I missed the book the next morning.
Upon missing it what did you do?
I charged her with it, and she simply turned her pockets out. We sent for the beadle, but he was not at home, being at church he did not come till five o'clock in the evening, when he interrogated the servants and afterwards the prisoner. He then searched her, and found the check in her bosom and a memorandum.
Did you find the notes?
No, nothing more.
She first said she had left the penny pieces on the table?
No, before supper I had the penny pieces out as I was settling my books, of course they were removed from the table to the desk.
The prisoner says you first said they were lost from the table, but afterwards you said they were lost from the desk; before the magistrate did you say so?
No.
Are you the beadle of Shoreditch?
Yes.
Were you sent for, on the 9th of December, to search the prisoner?
I was.
What did you do?
I wanted to know what I was sent for. Mrs. Cross told me she had been robbed by her chairwoman. I asked the pri soner if she knew any thing of the book, or picked up any papers. She declared positively she had not. I searched her pockets, which she was much against, and said she would not be searched till all the children were searched, for Mrs. Cross keeps a boarding-school. I said I shall search you first, for I look upon it you are the first that ought to be searched. I then searched her pockets and found three penny pieces, four old halfpence, and two knobs of lump sugar. I told her she must pull off her handkerchief; she resused. I put my hand down her bosom, and the first thing I pulled out was this piece of paper, which Mrs. Cross said she would swear was in the pocket-book. I put my hand down her bosom again and found a bunker's check for 6l. 0s. 8d. I found also a bit of a hymn on which there was some writing in pencil, but nearly rubbed out. She said if I would go up stairs with her she would explain it, and that would tell me where the money was; but that was all a manoeuvre.
(To Mrs. Cross). Look at that paper and check, and tell me whether they were in the pocket-book?
They were.
Are you sure of that?
Yes, I had received the check a day or two before, it was sent by the servant of Mr. Judd when the young ladies came to school.
Do you know his hand writing?
Not particularly; but I know this was a check that was inclosed in my account.
Did you ever discover what was become of the Bank notes?
No; I immediately sent to Mr. Judd and he sent to stop payment of the check. (The check and paper read).
I had not to my knowledge any thing about me, I was searched in the morning, and Mrs. Cross bid me go to my work-again for that she suspected other people. I did, and cleaned a room out. She then asked me to go up stairs and clean some other rooms. I was called suddenly down, and just as was stooping to take the pail in my hand, I met with three papers, which I picked up and put into my bosom, not knowing what they were, but intended to take them to shew Mrs. Cross, as I had heard a great piece of work about them, the constable met me and took me into the parlour, where he put his hand in my bosom, and said, what is this you have got here. I said it is the papers which I have brought down to shew Mrs. Cross; then she said she is the thief then, take her away. I can say no more.
(To Black). Did she say say had picked them up?
No.
Did she say after you found them that she had picked them up?
No, she seemed very much slurried and begged of me to be as merciful as I could.
(To Mrs. Cross). Was she searched in the morning?
To the best of my knowledge, she took some of her things off, I believe she turned out her pockets, and took off her gown.
Did you examine her person?
Yes, I believe I did, as well as I was able; the business was quite strange to me.
