- I keep a tavern , in Water-lane, Tower-street : On Saturday, the 29th of November, I saw the box in the evening in the coffee-room, it was a box for snuff and tobacco, for the use of the gentlemen in the room; by eleven o'clock I went to bed, and left my servant and the box in the room; on the Sunday morning, upon counting up my plate, I missed the box, and on Monday afternoon the constable came to me with the box, his name is Wightman, he has had it ever since, it has my name upon it, and the words, Water-lane, Tower-street. (The box produced.)
I am servant to Mr. Wynne, silversmith, No. 135, Fleet-street: On Monday, the 1st of December, between twelve and one o'clock, the prisoner at the bar came into Mr. Wynne's shop; he asked me what I gave an ounce for plate; I told him I could not tell till I saw the articles; he immediately produced the bottom of this box; I asked him what it was, and he said, I knew what it was, and that was all the answer that I could get from him; I acquainted Mr. Wynne, and he detained him while I sent for an officer.
How did you find out to whom it belonged?
I went to Guildhall with the officer and the prisoner, and there I saw him searched, and the top of the box was found in his breeches, which had the name of the prosecutor upon it, Joseph Barnes , and the words, Water-lane, Tower-street.
What is the value of it?
From four to five pounds.
You did not know the prisoner at the bar before, I believe?
No.
Was he perfectly in his senses at the time he came to you?
He appeared to me to be very much intoxicated in liquor, I could not get a direct answer from him.
He was so much intoxicated that he could not give you an answer?
No; I think he was capable of giving an answer.
I am a constable of St. Bride's; I was sent for to Mr. Wynne's to take charge of the prisoner, he was sitting in the shop, I had charge of him for offering a silver box for sale.
Did he say any thing to that?
Not a word.
Was he drunk or sober?
Very much in liquor, I could hardly get him before the Alderman; I searched him there, and found the remainder of the property upon him.
What did he say upon that?
I could not get any thing out of him, he was so much intoxicated.
Did you ever take up a more drunken man since you have been in the office of constable?
I cannot say that I have.
You took him before the Alderman that day?
Yes.
What Alderman was it?
Brook Watson.
And he would not hear the charge that day, because he was so intolerably drunk that he could not answer a question?
He sent him back as soon as ever he saw him.
Do you think he was in such a situation, that he was able to account for his conduct?
I cannot think that he was.
He was sitting in a chair?
Yes.
It was very convenient that he should sit?
Yes.
He could not very conveniently stand?
No.
He was so drunk, that the Alderman would not do any thing in the business till the next day?
Yes. (The box was deposed to by Mr. Barnes.)
Did you see the prisoner about your premises at all?
Yes, I saw him in the coffee-room on the Saturday night.
And you missed it the next morning?
Yes.
Did you know him before?
I had seen him before.
Was there a gentleman of the name of Calvert in your house that evening?
Yes, I understand so.
It sometimes happens that persons get a little too much liquor?
Yes, I do myself very frequently.
Did they stay a considerable time?
Till two o'clock.
You went to bed at eleven o'clock?
Yes.
Is your waiter here?
Yes.
I am waiter to Mr. Barnes; I was in the coffee-room on Saturday night, the 29th of November; the prisoner was in the coffee-room that night.
Was that silver box in the coffee-room that night?
Yes.
Till what time did you see the box there?
At two o'clock, the prisoner was the last man in the house; I was out on the Sunday, and I did not miss the box till the Sunday evening.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man you saw in the room?
Yes.
I understand the landlord went to bed at eleven o'clock?
Yes.
And at two o'clock you saw this box in the room?
Yes.
How many did the company consist of?
There were but seven at two o'clock
Did they join companies?
No.
Was a Mr. Calven there?
Yes.
They drank pretty freely, did they not?
No, they did not.
There were none of them half-and-half by two o'clock?
Yes.
What was the prisoner drinking?
Bottle porter.
That would not get into a man's head at all?
Yes, in time.
In a short time, would it not?
Yes.
Did Mr. Calvert drink porter?
No.
What did he drink?
Hollands and water.
Had he drank enough to have made him drunk?
No.
I am told, drunken men play frolics with each other, now and then?
Yes.
Were there any frolics that night, such as putting things into other men's pockets?
No.
Who was the most drunk in the room?
I cannot be able to say; they were nearly all alike.
Did you see them out of the room?
Yes, every one of them.
Was the last person more drunk than the others?
He was tipsey, but not very drunk; he could walk very well, and he could recollect and talk very well.
There were no tricks at all, then, such as handkerchiefs being put into each others pockets?
Not to my knowledge; I never heard of such a thing.
Then they were just tipsey enough to know how to walk out of the room, and not run against a post?
They were sober enough to know what they were about.
How long had they been drinking?
Some of them came in at nine o'clock.
What time did the prisoner come?
At twelve o;clock; he had been drinking below.
And kept drinking till two o'clock?
Four of them drank four bottles of porter.
An that I can recollect of the circumstance is, that late at night, or early in the morning, I left the company in a quarrelsome state; it might be between two and three o'clock, as high as I can recollect; the next day, failing into company with people of the same capacity as myself, at the water-side, I was drinking again, and I knew nothing of this box being in my pocket, till the latter part of the day; and how I came by it, or how I got it, I cannot tell; I had been drinking all night, and was still insensibly drunk; I was afterwards informed that I had called at Mr. Barnes's that Monday morning, and I was totally insensible till I was in the Compter.
(To Barnes). Do you happen to know that the prisoner called at your house on Monday morning?
My brother-in-law can tell you.
You are brother-in-law to prosecutor?
Yes.
Do you know if the prisoner called at Mr. Barnes's house on Monday morning?
He did.
Was he drunk at that time?
No; he was sober.
