The prisoner was porter to me and my partners, Edward Frisby Howis and Stephen Howis , No. 220, in Piccadilly .
I am an officer belonging to the Police Office, Queen's-square; On the 8th of October I met the prisoner in Darkhouse-street, Westminster, between nine and ten at night, with a bag on his back; my brother officers stopped him; I laid hold of the bag, and said, what have you got here? he seemed very frightened, and said\"nothing;\" I said you have soap here, and asked him where he was going with it, and whether he did not live in York-street; he said he did; I thought I knew him, but did not; I asked him how he came by the soap; he was very unwilling to tell; upon which I said he must go to the watchhouse to account for it; going along I asked him where he worked; he said in the City; I said you have robbed your master of this; at first he said no, he had not; he said afterwards he had taken it a bit at a time as he was carrying it to the customers, and begged hard not to be taken to the watch-house, for he had a wife and family; he said he lived in the gallery over St. James's Market; in the morning he was taken to the Magistrate, and I was sent to search his room, and bring down his wife; I searched his room, but found nothing of the fort.
Did you promise that it would be better for him, or threaten him?
No; I neither did so, or heard my brother officers do so.
I am a constable; I saw the prisoner in the watch-house; when the officers were gone, he wished me to let him out; I said I could not; he said he was a soldier in the Guards, and if he was detained all night it would be his ruin, for he was very wrongfully charged; no promise was made him; I asked him how he came by the soap he was charged with; he said he had bought it at two different times at a gentleman's house in Seymour-street, as the family was going to France; I asked what he gave a pound for it, he said sixpence; I asked how many pounds there were, he said he believed twenty-two, but was not sure; that his wife washed for soldiers in the regiment.
I am an officer, and was with Hobbs, who I saw lay hold of the bag; the prisoner said he worked at a soap-maker's; we took him to the watch-house; he wanted to get away, but was secured; I got this piece of soap from Bridget White .
Can you swear to the soap?
I cannot swear it is mine, I believe it is, we have such soap; when he was off duty he used to work at our house at so much per hour; we have been moving from Jermyn-street to Piccadilly, and we had not power to secure the things properly, which left the door of temptation open.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
