I live at John's-hill, Ratcliff-highway ; I am a newspaper-distributor ; I keep a small house, I go out very early in a morning upon my business: On the 14th of April, I went out, and fastened up the house, the fore-door and back-door were both fast, there was nobody in the house; the back-door I fastened with a bar and a screw, and the windows were shut down and screwed; I came home about half past eight, and found the bar of the back-door bent very much, and the door-post cut away to make room for the lock to open without unlocking it, and being overstrained, the heads of the nails of the hinge were wrenched off; I missed a bag containing two hundred and fifteen halfpence, three parts of them were current; the prisoner's father's yard comes into my yard, they are both as one; his father is a broker.
Do you know whether your son-in-law had access by a key?
No; my daughter had a key.
Had not the prisoner been employed by you to carry out papers?
No.
Did you know that your daughter employed him now and then for that purpose?
No.
On the morning of the 14th of April, about half past three, I went to my father's house, with my husband, to lay a watch, as we had been robbed before; we staid till almost six o'clock, inside my father's house; then I doublelocked the door, and came away; I saw the back-door with the bar up, and screwed; I made a mistake, and left a paper at home that I wanted, and I returned about a quarter past seven; I found the street-door locked as I left it, and as I unlocked the door, I saw the prisoner in the house; he fled towards the back-door, and got out side-ways, he stooped to get under the bar; it was quite light enough for me to see who it was; as I advanced towards the yard-door, I saw the bag lie at the threshold of the door, I did not see him drop it; the drawer was left quite open; I locked the door, and went to a neighbour; I told him what I had seen, and he went with me to the boy's father; I said, that is the boy, I knew him perfectly; I used to employ him in a morning.
That was without your father's knowledge, I believe?
Yes; if I was in a hurry, he would go with a paper or two for me, and I used to give him a halfpenny.
Was your husband entrusted with the key of your father's house?
My father does not so particularly give him the key.
Did your father desire you not to deliver it to him?
No, he never did; I generally kept it from him.
Did you, or not, intrust him with it?
Sometimes I might.
With your father's knowledge?
My father never asked me about it.
Would he not have been dissatisfied with your husband having the key?
No, I do not think he would.
Where did you find the boy?
At his father's house.
Is your husband here?
No.
What age is the boy?
I believe fourteen, or turned.
I know the last witness, she came to my house on the 14th of April, I was headborough at that time; I went with her to the prisoner's father's, the boy was standing at the door; he went into a back room, I followed, and told him he must I go with me; he listed up his hands, and said, must I go, father; he said, yes, you rogue, to be sure you must; his father asked what he had done; I told him there was a complaint lodged, that he had got into Mr. Watkins's house; I then took him towards the watch-house; says I, you little rogue, which way did you get into the house; I did not make him any promises or threat; he said he shoved the lock back; Mrs. Porter gave me the bag of halfpence, (produces them) ; I counted them, there were two hundred and fifteen of them; I asked him to tell me where he got the bag; he looked hard at his father, and said, shall I father; his father said, yes, to be sure; and then he said he got it from the drawer.
This boy's strength is not sufficient to bend that iron bar?
I cannot say.
I don't know any thing about it; I never was in the place.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the father of the prisoner, he is eleven years of age: Mrs. Porter used to employ two or three of my boys, and always desired them to come in the back way, for fear her father should see them; Mr. Porter had the key of the place, and used often to come in through our house, and in at the backdoor.
Had you any particular reason for disapproving of your son-in-law having the key?
I never disapproved of it; I did not know that he ever had occasion for it.
