On the 24th of October I lived with my sister, Mrs. Lane, in the dwelling-house of Mr. Jarvis Wild ; I was out of place; my sister was keeping his house in Davies-street ; I lost three gowns, two shifts, four petticoats, four handkerchiefs, and two habit shirts; they were all in a box together unlocked, the room was locked.
Was it your sister's room?
Yes.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
Yes, her sister was a servant to Capt. Wild; she came to stay with her sister; I missed them on the 24th of October.
When had you seen them before?
In the morning between eight and nine o'clock; I missed them between seven and eight in the evening.
Did you make your loss known?
Yes.
Did you see the prisoner?
Not till she gave herself up; I went to Queen-square.
How soon did you hear that she had given herself up?
About a month afterwards; she came into the house on the 20th, and went away that day.
Was she at all in the house after you had told of the loss of your goods?
No; I gave information at Queen-square the next day.
Did her sister remain in the place?
Yes.
Did you ever find any of your things again?
Never.
What was the value of these articles?
Ten pounds.
I was taking care of Mr. Jarvis Wild 's house; I went into the house on the 8th of June.
How do you know his name is Jarvis?
Letters have come to him directed, Jarvis Wild , Esq.
Did you ever see him write his own name?
No; my sister came to be with me while she was out of place; she was with me about two months; the prisoner came to the house on the Thursday evening; her sister, Sarah Whitehorn , was servant to Mrs. Wild, and came to town with Mrs. Wild; the room door was locked, and the key was in the kitchen closet; my sister kept her things in my room; the first I heard of my sister's loss was, I came home, and Sarah Whitehorn told me the house had been robbed, and her sister was missing; I went up stairs, and found the key in the door; I am sure I had left it in the kitchen closet; I had seen all the property in the morning; I left the house about two o'clock at noon; my sister was gone out before; I heard nothing of the prisoner till she gave herself up; the property has never been found.
Had the prisoner told you she was going that night?
No; she left her own clothes behind her.
I am a soldier's wife, I live in Strutton-Ground, Westminster; I was in prison when the prisoner was brought there for unlawfully pawning; she told me there were three more concerned with her.
How long after she had been in prison, did she make this declaration?
The next day after she came in; I had been in a fortnight.
Did you know her before?
No; she slept with me.
How came she to tell you?
I told her it would be better for her to tell who were concerned with her.
I am an officer of Queen-square; I was at the Office the last day of November, and the prisoner resigned herself up; that was all that she said; the second time I was taking her down, she said it was very hard she should suffer, when there were three more concerned with her.
(To Mrs. Lane.) At the time you left the house, who did you leave in the house?
Nobody but the prisoner.
What time did you return home?
Not till her sister came to inform me of the robbery, between seven and eight o'clock.
I have nothing to say.
