Where do you live?
At the Orchard-house, Blackwall, in the parish of Stepney : On the night of the 10th of August, I went to bed between eleven and twelve; the house was secured before I went to bed.
About what time in the morning were you awaked?
I heard my name called a little before four.
Did you come down stairs?
I came down stairs directly; as I was coming down stairs, I saw one of the parlour windows open.
Had that window any shutters?
Yes, outside, and on the table I saw the knife case empty.
At what window did the person get in?
The kitchen window.
How was that window fastened?
The shutter was bolted with a bolt at bottom.
Was that shutter forced?
It did not seem to me to be forced; there was a vacancy, owing to the sun having drawn it, by which an instrument might be put in, and it might have been opened.
Are you quite sure that shutter had been bolted?
Yes.
Did you go in search of the person?
Yes; as soon as I had dressed myself I went in pursuit of her; I saw her in an alley about half a mile from my house; she saw me, and ran away; I pursued her, and called out, stop thief! I pursued her down the lane, and when she had got into the middle of the lane, she threw a brass candlestick at me; I still pursued her, and caught her; she asked me to let her go, and she would tell me where every thing was; she told me they were in a garden; I asked her if it was my garden, and she would not give me an answer.
Did you take her back to your house?
She took me to the place where the bundles were.
Where was that place?
In the alley where I first saw her; I found two bundles there; there was a low sence over the garden, where she had put them; I took her back to the house; there was a round table standing in the kitchen, and she took from her pocket three brass candlesticks, a decanter, two silver table-spoons, two silver salt-cellers, three glass salt-cellers, a silver tea-spoon, and two silver salt-spoons.
Did you bring the bundle away which she had shewn you?
Yes; I led her down the lane to my house, and sent the bundles.
Had you any conversation with the prisoner as to the manner in which she got into your house?
Yes.
Before she said any thing, did you tell her it would be better for her to confess?
No, I don't remember any promise.
Did you make use of any threat to induce her to confess?
No; she said she had no accomplices; there were a great many people about, who said, why did not she go to place, and earn an honest living; and she said, if Mrs. Gordon had given her a character, she could have got a place; I did not then know that she had lived in my service; she told me she came in at the kitchen window.
Did you see any poker found?
There was a small old poker found just by the window; I did not see it found.
Did you see it fitted to the window-shutter?
Yes, I saw the officer fit it.
Did it appear to have been an instrument by which the shutter might have been opened?
Yes.
You are a headborough?
Yes.
Were the things put into your charge?
Yes. (Produces them.)
Did you find any poker near the back kit chen-window?
No, I did not; Mrs. Gordon found it some time after.
Is she here?
No.
What is the value of the two silver salt-cellers?
They are worth fifteen shillings.
What is the value of the two table-spoon?
Fourteen or fifteen shillings.
What is the value of the salt-spoons?
Four shillings.
What is the value of the knives and forks?
Thirty shillings.
Was it day-light?
Perfectly light.
Was your family all at home?
Yes.
I have nothing to say; but if Mrs. Gordon had given me a character, I could have got a place.
