I am servant to Sir Ralph Woodford , No. 42, Upper Seymour-street ; the prisoner was butler : On the 23d of May I went home, and my mother with me, about ten o'clock; we were in the kitchen, with two maids and Mrs. Earl, about twelve o'clock, when the prisoner came in with three pistols in his hand; he told us to stand fair and clear; then he pointed one of them at me, which flashed in the pan; he put it down, and took up another, which he fired, and the bullet went through my shoulder; I tried to get away before that, but could not, because he kept turning to me, and pointed the pistol at me, let me go which way I would; when he shot me, I sell down directly, and don't recollect any thing more.
Had you had any quarrel with him?
No; we had lived together two years and an half.
Was he sober?
Yes.
Had you any reason to think he would treat you so?
No; he threatened to do it once, about a fortnight before, and brought two pistols in a pair of boots.
Had you reason to suppose he was at all out of his mind?
No, he was not out of his mind.
Had any thing passed between you, to in duce you to suppose he meant to do\\ you\\ any harm?
No; he had behaved rude several times to me.
Is he a\\ single\\ man?
He had a wife, but she is dead.
Had he ever paid his addresses to you?
No.
By behaving rude, do you mean pulling you about?
Yes; he behaved very indecent several times.
Had he never asked you to marry him?
No.
Was it not the subject of conversation among all your fellow-servants?
No.
Is Mary Roberts the name of one of the servants?
Yes.
Had you no conversation with Mary Roberts about the attachment he had for you?
No.
Did she never speak to you about marrying him?
No.
Did she not tell you she had a conversation in the pantry with him, from which it appeared he was out of his mind?
No.
Are you related to Sarah Fox ?
No; her mother lodged with me; the girl came to her, to complain of the prisoner having threatened to shoot her, and behaved improperly to her, and of what he had attempted; I said, it was proper she should come away; her mother asked me to go with them to her place, which I did; when we went it was ten o'clock at night; I asked the cook and house-maid how it was; they said, they could not tell, but he behaved very indifferent; I asked, did he court her; they said, they did not know, but he was a very comical fellow, and had attempted her life, and wished her mother and I to talk to him; the prisoner was not at home when we went, but came home about half an hour after; her mother and I went into the pantry to him with the girl; I asked him what he meant by using the girl ill, and whether he wished to have her for his wife; he said, no, he did not; I said, how could you use her so, as to conceal two pistols in a pair of boots, and say, if she did not put her hand to a paper, you would blow her brains out, and locked her in till she did put her hand to it from fear; he said, he did take the two pistols, and that there was one for her and one for him; I asked him, how he could use any body in such a barbarous manner; he said, he would not talk to me, but to her mother, upon which I came out.
Was he sober?
He was sober to all appearance; I told the cook, I did not like his behaviour, and should be glad if she would let the girl go home with us, as Sir Ralph was not at home, and there were only two women servants in the house; she at last consented, and I had hardly said, come, let us go, because it is late, when the prisoner came in with three pistols; he stopped, and said, now I'll let you see what a man dare do who is destitute in his mind; the girl's mother got up and ran away; he advanced to the girl, and the house-maid ran away; the girl ran behind the cook and me, and screamed and begged of him not to kill her; the cook covered her head, and then he pointed a pistol at her, which flashed in the pan; the cook then ran away, and none but the prisoner, the girl, and me were left. I took up one of the wooden-bottom chairs, and told him I would not run away, for then he would surely murder her; I begged for God Almighty's take he would not kill her, for we would settle it any way; he bid me take care of myself; I told him there was no fear, and as I came to defend the girl, I would stand by her; he shuffled about till he got the pistol between the spokes of the chair and my arm, when he shot her, and she fell down behind me; she was no sooner down but she jumped up again, and ran up stairs; I being a stranger to the house, did not know which way to run; he discharged the third pistol, and I thought he pointed it at his own head, but it did not take place, nor do I know where the ball went to. I never saw the prisoner before that time, therefore do not know the state of his mind.
Do you know what became of the prisoner, and whether he did not attempt to cut his own throat?
He did, but I did not see him.
The prisoner appeared quite insensible, did he not?
Yes, he seemed very much distressed.
Did he not make some attempt to cut his throat?
Yes, and he must have cut it, for the blood was running down him; I did not see him do it.
Had it not been before observed that his conduct seemed very strange?
Yes.
Had you observed in former times that he was a man very humane and kind in his conduct?
Yes, he was.
Did he not appear latterly to be beside himself?
Yes; he went very dirty, and seemed very distressed for about a fortnight; nor did he do his business as he used to do.
I am a milkman: On the 23d of May I was coming from Kensington Gravel-pits, when I heard a rattle spring, and murder called; I went to the door of Sir Ralph Woodford 's house, which was open, and heard a piece of work; nobody offered to go in, and I said to the watchman, d-n it, follow me; I met Mrs. Earl at the parlour door, who said, for God's take come in, here is murder; I ran a few steps down the kitchen stairs, and saw the prisoner coming out of the kitchen with a pistol in his hand; I then jumped down upon him, and caught the pistol; three more pistols were picked up, which were found in different places; in the bustle they were all brought together, but I found one of them was loaded with powder and ball; we had three terrible falls, and we dropped the pistol; my toe was in between the door and door-post, to prevent his shutting it, which, when he found he could not do, he said, you don't want to hurt me, I'll let you in; some other people came down, and pushed me into the kitchen; upon which I seized him, and found he had cut his throat; when we took him, he said, he had told them something satal would happen.
My Lord, I am entirely ignorant of the affair I am indicted for.
The prisoner lived in my service twelve years, and had conducted himself perfectly well; within the last two or three years he has appeared at times very confused, and for about a month before I observed several times that he seemed to be deranged in his mind, but did not know what to attribute it to.
I am son to Sir Ralph; I returned from abroad about twelve months ago, and observed a considerable change in the prisoner's conduct; he was extremely negligent of himself and his business, and did not attend with that assiduity he was accustomed to, and for which he had been particularly remarked by every body who knew him; his mind certainly was impaired; he has been remiss in his behaviour also to his three children, which I have spoke to him about, but he seemed to be quite lost to it, though the former part of his life was humane and attentive.
I was fellow-servant with the prisoner at Sir Ralph's for ten years, and I observed that for the last two or three months before this happened, his mind seemed much impaired and bewildered; before that time he was perfectly steady and humane in his behaviour.
I am a poulterer, and have known the prisoner five years; I observed a change for the worse latterly, and that he appeared to be deranged; I made the observation to other people, who have agreed with me.
I am servant to Mr. Kirby: On the 6th of June last, which was the first day of the Sessions, we were obliged to handcuff the prisoner, to prevent his beating himself to pieces; he beat his head against the floor that we thought he would kill himself; he has been so at different times since; sometimes he is very well to talk to, and at other times quite slighty.
I have had the care of lunatics for a number of years, and have known the prisoner five or six years; I used to say to Mr. Dixon, there was an alteration in the prisoner a month or six weeks before the accident; I said he was mad, for he had every appearance of it.
