I live at the Darkhouse in the parish of St. Mary on the Hill , I keep the house.
Were these things your property, or were they only lodged in your house.
They came to my house by a porter, to be sent down by the boat to Gravesend, they were in a white deal box, I took it in myself, and put it in a place right opposite to the bar, where we put all the parcels when they come in.
Is that under lock and key.
No.
Your house is a public house is it.
Yes.
What day and what time of the day was it when it was left at your house.
It was on Friday the 27th of June, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I am not sure.
How long was it after that before the box was gone.
At twelve o'clock at night I saw it safe, I went to lay down, I got up rather before two o'clock in the morning, I returned into the bar, and I looked for the box and missed it, it was gone.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner at the bar.
No, he was not in the house at the time I went to lay down.
Upon your missing it what did you do.
I came into the bar, I said to the boy that I had left in the bar, where is that white deal box, he said that there were five men came in and had a pot of beer, they took the box.
Did you ever see the box again.
The first time that I see the box again was before the lord mayor; in the course of three quarters of an hour after I had missed it, the watchman came down to enquire if we had got a box going to Gravesend, I told him we had, the box was directed for Mr. Bevan, Gravesend.
Was it booked with you.
It was booked with me, I received two pence for the booking and two pence for the porter.
Did you bring this box to Mr. Hoglin.
I did, a quarter before eight in the evening last Friday, it was directed to Mr. John Bevan , Gravesend; I booked it there and left it in the house, to be conveyed to Gravesend by the boat.
Do you know the contents of the box.
Yes, I packed it.
What was the name of the gentleman that sent this property.
Mr. Joiner. (The box produced and opened, and the articles identified,
When did you see the box again.
Yesterday.
That was the same box that you delivered to Mr. Hoglin.
It was.
I live at the Dark House, I am brother-in-law to Mr. Hoglin.
Were you up after Mr. Hoglin retired to rest on the Friday night.
Yes, the prisoner came into the house soon after my brother went to bed.
Are you sure the prisoner is the same man
I did not see his face, he had a wooden leg.
(to Mr. Hardy) Has the prisoner a wooden leg.
Yes.
(to Schofield) Then a man with a wooden leg came into the house, which you take to be the prisoner; did you see him come in with any body.
I do not know, I saw him go up to the fire with four more.
Did you see where this deal box was.
It was in a box opposite the bar, under the seat.
Did you see whether the prisoner went to that box or not.
No, I did not take particular notice, I saw him go up to the fire.
How far was that box from the fire.
There were three more than that before you get to the fire.
You had seen the deal box before.
Yes.
How long did this man with the wooden leg stay.
He did not stay above half an hour, there were some more people there, they had a pot of beer and half a pint of gin.
Did he drink any thing with them.
I did not take that notice.
You did not then observe the prisoner call for any thing, or drink with any other person.
No.
Yours is a house of call for passengers and parcels to go by the Gravesend boats.
Yes.
Were there any other persons belonging to the Darkhouse with you after your brother retired to rest.
No.
Are you quite sure that you saw the box safe in the tap room after Hoglin retired to rest.
I am quite sure it was there when he went to rest.
When Hoglin retired to rest; did you continue in the room all the time.
I went up stairs twice, and once in the cellar to draw a pint of ale.
How long were you absent these times.
I was not absent above a minute each time.
When did you miss the box.
I did not miss the box till my brother got up, he missed it first.
When your brother made the enquiry was the prisoner gone then.
Yes, he had been gone about a quarter of an hour when my brother came down.
When did you see the box again.
On Monday.
Did you know the box again when you saw it.
Yes, I had observed the shape of the box and the direction.
This is my property, I sent it to go by the Gravesend boat.
I am patrole of Lime-street ward.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar.
I know him well, I saw him last Saturday morning the 28th of June, about two o'clock in the morning, as I was on duty; the prisoner and another man came up, the watchman saw him first, I was about twenty or thirty yards from the watchman. I was facing the pea market in Leadenhall-market.
Had they any thing with them.
The other man who is not here had got the box on his shoulder, I clapped my hand on the box, and said what have you got here, he pitched it down on the stones and said, that man is the proprietor of it, he said it several times over to me in the street; I told him he must go to the watchhouse, the watchman took care of the box, while I took care of the two men till they came to the watchhouse door, then the man that I attacked with the box first ran away; we did not think it judgment to pursue him, we took care of the prisoner and the box; I did not keep hold of the prisoner, he went in voluntary in the watchhouse; he persisted the box was his, and what was in it was his property; I took him to the Counter, there he gave the name of Williams; his name is Wood-house.
I am a watchman of Lime-street ward, my stand is in Leadenhall-street.
Did you see the prisoner on this Saturday morning.
Yes, about a quarter past two I saw two of them come along, the wooden legged man, the prisoner, was behind with his coat off, following the other man with the box; I followed them down to my partner, and I called out stop them; immediately we took them to the watchhouse, the prisoner said he was the owner of the box; in the watch-house he said his name was Williams, at the watch-house he again claimed the box to be his; the other man run away; I looked at the direction of the box after he said his name was Williams; I went down to Darkhouse-lane, and that is the way we found where the box came from.
Do know this man.
I have seen him several times before.
I am a constable, I was attending in the watchhouse in Lime-street ward.
When the box was brought in did the prisoner claim the box as his.
Yes; I asked him what the box contained, he only said it was his box and I might open it.
What name did he give at that time.
was the name that he gave at the watch-house, No. 22, Essex street, Whitechapel; in consequence of the direction on the box not agreeing, I told him I must take him to the Counter unless he could give a better account of himself; he said he could not help it; I went down immediately to the Darkhouse and found where it had been taken from about three quarters of an hour before; I have had the box in my possession ever since; I and the officer went to his house and found the prisoner lived, there but not by that name.
I was in liquor.
