I am a single woman, I live at Newington-green: On Friday the 15th of August, I was robbed I was walking from the New River towards Newington green ; I had a little girl with me, about seven years of age; the prisoner at the bar came behind me, and demanded my money; I told him I had no money.
What did he say to you?
He said, give me your money, I want your money; I told him I had none; he then said, I must have your money.
Did he stop you?
He gave me a push first, and said, give me your money; I gave him some halfpence, I think fourpence and a sixpence, and told him that was all that I had; he then demanded my purse; he then produced a stick with a hook at the end of it, and said, he would knock my eyes out, unless I gave him my purse; I said I would give him my purse as soon as I could find it, I gave him my purse, and then he went away.
What sort of purse was it?
A small silk purse.
Had he a round hat?
I think it was.
Has any of your property been found since?
Not that I know of.
Had you ever been robbed before?
No.
Then you were under considerable alarm, I suppose?
I was.
What time might this robbery be?
About eight o'clock in the evening.
How do you know it was about eight o'clock in the evening?
The light was rather declining.
Look at his person, and say if you are certain he is the man?
I am.
How was he dressed?
He had on a blue jacket, and a red waistcoat.
Did you see his face?
Yes.
Can you say how long this robbery might take up?
About five or six minutes.
How soon after did you see the prisoner?
In less than five minutes; I saw a gentleman coming out of a gate, I told him what had happened, and he went after him; the gentleman returned in two minutes, he was taken and brought back by a gentleman who saw the transaction; I stopped within a few yards of the place where I had been robbed.
Are you certain, that the man that was brought back, was the man who robbed you?
Yes.
Do you live with your father and mother?
No; I live with a lady who keeps a lady's boarding-school, at Newington-green.
I am a coal-merchant: On the 15th of August, in the evening, I was coming from Newington-green, in company with two ladies; in getting over a bank into the field, where Miss. Jackson was robbed, I observed the prisoner coming down within one hundred yards of me; he came from a quickset hedge to the place where we were, in a beaten footpath; he came close behind us, got over the bank, and went to some paling, along which was a footpath, over which Miss Jackson had to go; the paling was made of ship-timber, and there was a part of the ribs; he hid himself behind one of them; he came out again, and passed her; he then turned round and passed her a second time, and then turned about and stopped her; I saw her deliver something, first with one hand, and then the other, at different times; he then set off that way, the way that she was going, but hearing people in the lane, he turned out and came towards me; I made a cry of stop thief, and saw him taken immediately; I never lost sight of him for a minute, or a sixtieth part of a minute; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I took him down to Miss Jackson, and asked her if that was the man, she said it was; he did not say a syllable; we took him to a public-house, on Newington-green, and searched him; we found upon him about five pennyworth of halfpence; Miss Jackson described that there were some new halfpence amongst them, and there were some new ones amongst those that he had, and a tin box, containing his discharge from the barracks at Chatham, on account of his bad sight.
I am a constable; I searched the prisoner, (produces the tin box, containing the prisoner's discharge;) he had about five pennyworth of halfpence but as Miss Jackson would not swear to them, and he having no more money, I gave them back to him.
I heard the cry of stop thief; I went to stop the prisoner, when he threw away this stick, (producing it) he was taken not one hundred yards from where Miss Jackson was robbed; Miss Jackson said that was the same stick that the prisoner had presented to her.
When I was brought back, Mrs. Jackson was asked if I was the person, and she said she could not tell; then they took me to Newington-green; the constable asked her, and she said she not say that I was the man, and then a gentleman came and said, he would swear he saw me take the purse out of the lady's hand.
(To Miss Jackson.) Did you ever say to any one, that you did not know whether he was the man or not?
I never did.
