I was brought up to the sea; the prisoner lodged with me in the same house, in Bowling-pin-alley, Chancery-lane; the prisoner acted as landlady of the house, the landlady was in the hospital.
How came you by all this money?
It was wages that I had received at Somerset-house; on the 5th of December, I was discharged from his Majesty's service, on account of fits; I was in at Mr. Fisher's, in Clare-street , but I was insensible all the time that I was there, and do not recollect any thing that passed, and at that time I lost my money; when I came to my senses again, I missed my notes; there were three five pound notes, one two pound note, and two one pound notes; there was nobody present but Mr. Fisher, myself, and the prisoner at the bar; I had received it about half an hour; she knew that I had received it; we had been at Mr. Seabrook's before we went there; I gave her one of the notes to get change.
Had you been drinking before?
Yes; we had been drinking the best part of the day, we were all drunk together, she acted as landlady, but I do not know whether she meant to rob me or not.
Then why did you charge her with it?
A constable was sent for without my knowing any thing about it.
I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; the prosecutor and she were both very drunk; she said, Mr. Sharp, I will give you the notes, but I won't give them to these people, she gave me the five pound notes; the prosecutor then said, she had some small notes; she said, no, what small notes she had were her own for what she had done for this failor; I then took her into a room adjoining the watch-house, and she gave me three notes, two one pound notes, and a two pound note; the prosecutor would have let her go away, but she insisted upon going before the Magistrate; I took them both before Sir William Addington , he committed her; but the sailor was so drunk he could not swear to them.
You placed great confidence in that woman?
Yes, I did till this happened; she went with me to be my pilot, and shew me the way about the town.
