Where do you live?
At No. 37, Dorset-street .
Did any thing particular happen to your house on the 10th of January?
Yes; a young person, who I put into the house to sleep, went in about half past ten at night.
Is it an empty house?
It is an empty house, but which I let to a family.
Was there any inhabitant at that time?
There was no inhabitant, but that young person who alarmed me; I know no more of it.
Where do you live?
At. No. 37, Dorset-street.
Do you live with Mrs. Carlton?
Yes.
Do you know any thing that happened in the house which she let to a family?
Yes.
What?
The family left it on Friday the 7th of January, and I slept in it the Friday, Saturday, and Sunday nights following.
What happened on the 10th?
On the Monday I went into the house, about half past ten; when I went up stairs to my bed-room, I was much surprised at seeing the sheets taken off my bed.
What else?
And the blanket and quilt were thrown on the floor; I went into the next room, and the cloaths of that bed were likewise all turned up; I then went down to the next floor, and on going into the back-room, I saw the bed and blanket tied up as though ready for carrying away.
Tell me whether you had seen the bed and blanket in their proper places before?
Yes, I had.
How long before?
About three o'clock in the afternoon.
Were they removed from the bed?
No, they were all tied up upon the bedstead.
Were the sheets missing entirely off your bed?
Yes, off my bed entirely.
When had you seen them?
In the morning.
There was nobody in the house with you, was there?
Yes, a child eight years old; I then thought there was somebody in the house, and I went to Mrs. Carlton's house.
How far is her house?
Three doors lower down; she sent over to the public-house opposite, and we got two soldiers and the landlord to go with us to search the house.
Did you accompany them?
Yes; there was no person in the house; but on going into the drawing-room, we found the window curtains were taken down, and the sofa cover taken off, and taken away.
Were they linen or what?
Printed calico.
When had you seen the curtains up before?
In the afternoon; we went up to the second floor, and in the front bed-room the furniture of the four-post bedstead was taken down, except the tester, and taken away, and the counterpane; in the back bed-room the furniture of a tent bed and quilt were taken away; that was the room where the bed was tied up and the three blankets; Mrs. Carlton then employed the guards to set up in the house to watch.
They did so, did they?
Yes, but I was not there, and know nothing of what passed afterwards.
Had you been at home the greater part, or the whole of the day; how long had you been out?
I went out in the morning; Mrs. Carlton was in the house at three o'clock to see all safe.
Were you or her in the house all the day?
No; I left it between eight and nine in the morning, and did not go into it again till half past ten at night.
Was it immediately upon your going in that you missed the things?
I went into my bedroom, and found my sheets gone.
That led you to examine the other rooms?
Yes.
What passed between eight and nine, and half past ten at night, you don't know?
No.
I understood you had seen the things safe at three o'clock?
No, Mrs. Carlton had.
(To Mrs. Carlton.) What time of day did you go into the house on the 10th?
At three o'clock.
How long did you stay?
I only went over the house.
Did you go through all the bed-rooms in the house?
No; I went up to the second floor to look at the things.
Did you go into the front room?
Yes.
In what state was the bed?
Every thing was safe.
Did you go into the other rooms?
No, I did not; I went up stairs for a piece of green baize that I wanted.
Then from three o'clock till ten nobody was in the house?
No.
Were you present when the house was searched?
Yes.
What state did you find the things in?
We went into the parlour first, but found no person; nothing was disturbed there; we went then to the first floor, and found the window-curtains were taken away.
Those you had not observed at three o'clock?
No, I had not, and the sofa cover was gone.
Tell me the room you had observed?
The front room forward; there the curtains were taken away, and the white counterpane off the bed.
What steps did you take on finding the furniture had been removed?
We went to the public-house, and got two of the life guards, and the man at the public-house, to search; we all went over the house, but found nobody in it; then a patrol came up, to whom we gave the alarm, and he likewise went over the house.
Did he find any body?
No; then I left these two life guards men in the house all night, and about half past five o'clock they saw the door was open; that is a 11 know.
Are you in the life guards?
Yes.
Were you employed by Mrs. Carlton to stay in one of her houses all night?
Yes.
Tell us what passed?
I and Edward Bradley took our post in the front parlour, with the door shut, and a candle by us.
How was the street-door?
It was fastened by a spring-lock; just after the watchman, at half past five o'clock, was gone by, I heard the street-door unlock, and somebody come in, and lock the door after them; I opened the parlourdoor to see who or what it was, and saw two men at the foot of the stairs.
They had advanced as far as they could to the stairs?
Yes; as soon as as they saw me they tried to make the best of their way out of the house again, which one of them had the good fortune to do; the other I caught, just as he was going out of the door, and field him in my arms; the watchman then came, and I committed him to his charge, and saw him safe lodged in the watch-house.
Was I in the street, or inside the door?
Inside the door when I saw him.
At the foot of the stairs?
Yes, when I first saw him, and caught him inside the door, just as he was going out.
Were you in company with James Henshaw at Mrs. Carlton's house, on the 10th of January?
Yes.
Relate what passed?
We were put into the house, to take care of it till morning, by Mrs. Carlton's orders; we stopped in the front parlour, and the watchmen had just gone half-past five when we heard the door open, we went out of the parlour door and saw two men at the bottom of the stairs; as soon as they saw us they burst out of the passage, and one got out of the street door, the other run towards the door, and James Henshaw took him.
Have you any doubt of their being at the foot of the stairs and the door having been shut behind them?
No, none at all.
What are you?
watchman.
What happened to Mrs. Carlton's house on the 10th of January?
A gentleman came to me, and said, watchman, spring your rattle, there are thieves in the house. When I went to the house the soldier had got the man in his arms, he delivered him to me, and I took him to the watch-house.
Look at the prisoner and say if he is the person.?
Yes.
What are you?
A constable of Mary-le-bone parish.
What happened on the night of the 10th of January, respecting Mrs. Carlton's house?
On Tuesday morning the prisoner was brought into the watch-house, about a quarter before six; he was searched in my presence, and a dark lantern was found upon him. (Produces it.)
What are you?
I belong to Mary-le-bone watch-house.
What passed at the watch-house respecting Mrs. Carlton's house?
Last Tuesday morning the prisoner was brought into the watch-house by George Duckhouse and a soldier. George Duckhouse said here is a thief; when he came in I searched him and found a dark lantern, and this I found in his waistcoat pocket, I don't know what you call it. (Produces a bottle of phosphorus).
About half past five o'clock, as I was going by the door, I was struck down by two men who run out, and I picked up those two things which they threw away. I suppose they struck me with one of them at the door.
I never saw the bottle of phosphorus till I saw it before the Magistrate.
