I am a labouring man ; I live at No. 7, Brown's buildings, Princes street, Rosemary lane .
When did you lose these things
On the 16th of November, from my own house; no person was at home.
Were you the last person that went out
No, my wife; she was at home when I went out. I went out a little after seven in the morning; I returned a quarter before five in the afternoon; when I came home this man was detected.
You are the wife of Meredith Price
Yes. I went out about eight o'clock in the morning to my work; I work at slop work.
Who did you leave in the house
Nobody at all; I have three children, but they were at school; my two lodgers were at home when I went out; they were not at home when I returned, about ten minutes after four in the afternoon.
What are your lodgers names
Mary Qui and Patience Dumpley . When I came home I put the key in the door, I wondered it did not open it well; I unlocked it; I found the fire tongs against the door on the ground, and a hammer and a gimlet on the table; I said I had been robbed; I gave the alarm to my neighbours; a neighbour came to my assistance I thought the property could not have gone out of my place without their seeing it: I went down in the cellar with a candle: I found something in the cellar a of a heap; I lifted up the skirts of his coat and found it to be the prisoner; he pushed me of one side and ran up the cellar stairs; I called for assistance; he knocked me down; a person came and took him; he said do not hurt me, I have got the property on me he had got my husband's breeches on him, and the two coats, and the other things were in the cellar; he went and shewed the gentleman where he had concealed them.
Part was found on him and part in the cellar
Yes.
Did you know him before
Yes, I knew him a twelve month before, lodging in the house right opposite; I left him in charge of this man while I got an officer.
I am a labouring man; I live at No. 9, and Mrs. Price lives at No. 7. On the 16th of November, Mrs. Price came into my room; she said she had been robbed since she had been out to work in the morning, and asked me to lend her a light to go down in this cellar; she took the light and went down.
Did you go with her
No; she went by herself; in about five minutes she cried out stop thief; I went to her assistance; I found her extended upon her back in the entry; the prisoner was making his escape out of the entry; I laid hold of him; he punched his head in my breast and shoved me across the channel; I held him and called for a light; when the light came I saw he had a coat on that belonged to Mr. Price, and a waistcoat under his arm, and a pair of Mr. Price's breeches on him likewise. The neighbours in the court came round; he seemed rather shy, because living in the neighbourhood some time back; he wished me to go into the house; I did; he asked me then to go down in the cellar to shew me where the stolen property was concealed; after I got this bundle I asked him if there was any more; he said yes; he took me to another part of the cellar; under the cellar stairs there was another bundle, and a coat lying on the top of the bundle; I took the two bundles and the coat and gave them to a neighbour, and desired her to keep them till Price came home, to know whether they were his or not. Some time after he gave me these small clothes off him, and said they belonged to Price. Price came home in about a quarter of an hour; he said they were his small clothes. I gave them up to the officer.
You are an officer - Do you know any thing more than producing the property
Yes; I searched him and found this pair of stockings secreted in his small clothes. There was a lattice over the door; this pair of stockings and handkerchief were tied together to assist him getting up, and through the means of a chair, he got again through the window over the door. I judge so because there was no other way to come out; the door was fastened.
I leave myself to the mercy of the court.
