I live at No. 180, in Thames-street: On Saturday night, the 16th of January, between nine and ten o'clock, I was going to a German public-house, to see some of my countrymen, I am a German ; I was going through Black-lion-yard, Whitechapel , when three men came up against me, I thought they were drunk; I stood on one side to let them pass, and when they came up to me they fell against me, and one of them snatched my watch out of my pocket.
You don't know that the prisoner was the person who snatched it?
I cannot say, he was in the middle.
They did not use any violence?
No; I immediately laid hold of the prisoner, and another struck me on the head with a stick; the man who took my watch was standing it to the prisoner; then the prisoner got away from me, and I followed him across Whitechapel-road into Fieldgate-street, and there the watchman took him and brought him to the watch-house; I never lost fight of him; I have never seen my watch since.
How are you sure the prisoner was one of the men?
Because I never lost fight of him.
I believe there was a watch found upon the prisoner?
Yes; but that was not mine.
Was this a dark night?
Rather so.
I was constable of the night; The prisoner was brought to me at the watch-house by the prosecutor; there was a watch found upon him, which proved to be his own property.
I was going for a pound of sausages for my supper, and as I was going down Black-lion-yard, a man came up and shoved against me, and then four or five more came up, and began to hustle me; I found they were trying to get at my watch, and I pulled it out into my hand, one of them struck a blow at my head with a stick, and then I got away from them.
What are you?
A tailoress: Last Saturday night was four weeks, the prisoner was coming through Black-lion-yard, with some meat in his hand, he was before me, whistling and singing; when I came to the corner of the yard, there seemed, as I thought, as fight; the prisoner said, please to clear the way; then a man came up and struck him on the head with a stick, which knocked his hat off, and then he ran away; this man in blue, the prosecutor, then came up and laid hold of him; he said he would have him right or wrong; he said he would have his life; that is all I know.
Was there any body in company with the prisoner?
Not a soul, only me behind him, it appeared to be a fight; I did not know the young man before.
