Last Sunday was se'nnight about five in the evening, the prisoner ordered my boy to bring two pots of beer to Mrs. Gerald's, and change for half-a-guinea; I gave the boy nine shillings and ten-pence.
I am servant to Mr. Beauchamp, the Weymouth-arms, in Weymouth-street: I was carrying my five o'clock beer out last Sunday was a week; I met the prisoner between Wimpole-street and Weymouth-street; I was out in the middle of the horse-way; and he told me I must bring two pots of beer, and change for half-a-guinea, to Mrs. Gell's; she lives at No. 5, in Upper Wimpole-street ; I never saw the prisoner before; I took the two pots of beer, and nine shillings and ten-pence wrapped up in a piece of brown paper; there was a seven-shilling piece, two shillings, and a sixpence, and four-pennyworth of halfpence; I took it to Mrs. Gell's; I met the prisoner two doors from Mrs. Gell's; says he, do not you go any further, because there is a lady in the passage, you cannot go in; he told me to give him the change, and the footman would give me the half-guinea; I gave him the change, and put the beer down by the door; he told me to fetch half a pint of rum, and half a pint of brandy; I said I would, but you will run away with the money; he said, no, if you are afraid, I will go with you; I had given him the change before he said the footman would give me the half-guinea; he came with me till he got over-right our house; I had the beer in my hands all the while; when he got there, he took to his heels, and ran away; I ran, and put my beer down at the door, and holloaed stop thief; I saw him run, and the lamp-lighter took him; but I did not see him take him; he was brought back; I met him between Lower Harley-street and New Cavendish-street; my master went and fetched a constable; my cousin, a little boy, found the money, all but a seven-shilling piece; he had thrown it away.
The man who served you this trick got out of your sight?
Yes.
Have you any doubt about it being the prisoner?
I am sure it is the prisoner, because I looked very hard at him.
On the 12th of January I was\\ light\\ ing my lamps in Harley-street; I heard the words stop thief; I looked round and saw a man running as hard as he could run; I put my ladder down, and ran after him; there were some people coming across Cavendish-street, and he found he was going to be stopped, and he stopped of himself, and I took him; the prisoner is the man; I took him to Mr. Beanchamp's house; he had no money at all about him. I met the boy in my way home, and he said that is the man.
The prisoner lived servant with me three months; he left me about three weeks ago; I had an excellent character of two years with him; he lived with me in the capacity of groom and valet.
