What are you
I am factor and agent ; my partners names are John M'George and Thomas Watson; I know the case to be ours; I live in Watling street .
I am a warehouseman to Thomas Lancaster . On the 26th of November, about five minutes past nine in the morning, I was going to the warehouse; I saw the prisoner and two others on the opposite side of the way; I saw two of them go up the court of Smith, George and Watson; them two came out, and they all went together to the Old Change.
Had they any thing with them
Nothing at that time. They went into the Old Change and turned to the left; in about half a minute I saw them all three return; the prisoner had got a knot on his shoulder; I saw him go into the gate of the court of Smith, George, and Watson; all three came out; the prisoner had a box on his knot; I walked up on the opposite side of of the way, he had got ten yards from the door or thereabouts; I went towards him and said I believed the box was not his; upon which he threw the box down and ran off; I ran after him and cried stop thief; he was taken just at the end of Newgate street; I never lost sight of him.
What became of the box
The box was not removed on my return, I believe; I found the box in Watling street, in the same place.
Is that the box
I did not take any particular notice; I cannot say it is.
You saw a box on the man's shoulder
I did, he threw it down.
When you came back you saw it in the same place
Yes; it was carried into Mr. Smith's house by some of Mr. Smith's men I believe.
I live with Mr. Smith as porter. I knew this box to be in the court that leads up to the house at half past eight in the morning; I did not notice it till I saw it lay in Watling street, about ten yards from my master's; I stood by it till the prisoner was brought back. I helped carry the box into the court again.
You are sure that is your box that was in your master's yard in the morning, and you saw it in Watling street afterwards
Yes, it is marked PN 104.
I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner, and likewise I have had the box in my custody ever since.
