I am a baker , I live in Charles street, Hatton garden; I know the prisoner by being in his company at the Mansion house, before the lord Mayor. On the 11th of November, Joseph Wesley , my man, lost his bread and the basket; I know it to be mine.
You are servant to Mr. Jobbings
Yes; I took my bread out to serve my customers as usual on the 18th of November; I served a parkshop in Skinner street , and turned my basket up against the window while I went into Cheapside to serve two quartern loaves, and when I came back the basket was gone.
Why do you charge the prisoner with it
The next day I heard the basket was stopped in Houndsditch.
Then all you know, that like an idle fellow you left your basket in Skinner street and went to Cheapside; when you returned it was gone
Yes.
I am an officer. On the 18th I went home from the Mansion house to dinner; just as I had done dinner, a little after four o'clock, I was coming from the kitchen into the shop.
Where is that
In Houndsditch; I keep a green grocer's shop: the prisoner came to the door and asked me if I wanted a nice quartern loaf for a shilling; I did not look particularly at the bread because there is a great deal of bread brought down to Rag fair and Duke's place; I thought it was stale bread; as he was, turning away with it from the door, the bread appeared to me to be new and very good; when I came to the window I observed the basket under the window; he came out of the next house, a coal shop, and put two loaves in the basket, took up the basket, baker like, and was going away; I said to him you seem to have a deal of bread, is it your own; he said no, a man at Fleet market gave it him to carry, and he was going to carry it to Rag fair, he was a baker, and the man that gave it him was behind him; I told him to look for him; he could not find him; then I took him in custody; in the basket there were six quartern loaves, a half peck, and three half quartern loaves; I told all the bakers I saw to circulate it about. Mr. Jobbings's man came; he identified the bread and basket.
On the 18th of November, as I was passing through Fleet market, I met a man with a basket of bread, and by his appearance he was a baker; I asked him if he could direct a stranger to where he could get employ; he told me if I would carry his basket he would satisfy me for my trouble; I being out of employ agreed to carry the basket, I thought no harm in so doing; I went into this gentleman's house and offered them for sale; he told me he did not want the loaves; I put the basket on my shoulder, he came after me and took hold of me and asked me if it was my bread; I said no, I was carrying them for a man; he asked me where the man was that belonged to the bread; I told him he was behind me. The man came along with me to Houndsditch, as soon as I was taken in custody the gentleman was off. My lord, I am innocent; therefore I leave myself to the mercy of God, and this honourable court.
