- I live at No. 5, Barley-court, Holborn , I work at army work; the prisoner worked for me, to clean my room , on the 22d of October; she said, she wished I would let her work for the next day, Sunday, to get something for her back; Sarah Tanner brought me a one pound-note to take twelve shillings out for rent; I gave her eight shillings; after she was gone, a man of the name of Keefe came to see the prisoner; a little while after, Sarah Tanner came up again with one shilling, and said it was scrupled; I took twelve penny pieces out of the box, and put in the one pound-note and fourteen shillings in it, and locked the box; I went out to market, and left the prisoner to take care of the room; I was gone about three quarters of an hour; when I came back, I found the box broke open, the child asleep, and nobody else in the room; I missed one pound fourteen shillings out of the box, and my child's frock off the bed; there was a one pound note, a\\ seven\\ shilling piece, two shillings in penny pieces, and five shillings in silver; the next day, I had Mr. Keefe taken up, he was very solid, and about three quarters of an hour after, the prisoner was found in St. Giles's, very much in liquor, with a new gown, new slippers, and every thing new upon her, and then she was put in the watch-house; on the 24th I went to Marlborough-street, and the man was discharged; the frock was found at the pawnbroker's.
I paid my landlady twelve shillings towards rent; I carried her a one pound note; she gave me change; I offered a shilling, and it was refused; I took it back to her, and she gave me twelve penny-pieces out of her box; I saw her lock the box up with the money in it, and she told me she had one pound fourteen shillings towards her rent, and then she came down stairs after me; she stopped in my room a little bit, and then I heard a lumbering down stairs, which was the man that was with the prisoner; I went out, but could see nobody; I called to know if any body was gone down stairs, and the prisoner said, no, nobody has been here.
I lodge in Mrs. Martin's bottom room; Mrs. Martin went out soon after the man that was with the prisoner fell down stairs; he was very drunk; I went up stairs, and the prisoner was sewing a pair of trowsers; the child was awake, and she desired her to cover herself over, and go to sleep, her mother would be very angry with her for being awake at that time of night; about five minutes before Mrs. Martin came home, the prisoner went out.
I am a constable; I took up the prisoner and the man; the man was discharged, and the woman detained; the frock was found at a pawnbroker's; the pawnbroker is not here.
I know nothing at all about it.
