Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am yeoman-usher of the Exchequer ; I have had the care of the store-house there for thirty years; the key of the store-house was missing three months before I detected the prisoner, I made enquiry of all the men who came there, and the prisoner himself; the prisoner was a book-binder , employed by Mr. Palmer; Mr. Palmer is a master book-binder, employed by Messrs. Mount and Page, who supply the Exchequer with all necessaries: On Saturday the 26th of July, I saw a ream of paper lying loose upon the table, three reams had been tied up in bundles; I never delivered out any but in bundles to the printer; two of the bundles had been taken away, and one was lying upon the table loose, I was very much alarmed; on the Monday, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was going into the room to speak to a gentleman that I had desired to let me know if he saw any body go in, when I saw the prisoner take this key out of his pocket, and put it into the door; this was the key that I had lost, (producing it;) I kept watching, and saw the prisoner coming out with a ream of paper in his hand; I asked him what he was going to do with that; he said, he was going to bind a book for Mr. Fisher; I said, did Mr. Fisher send for you; he said, yes; by that time he had put the paper upon the shelf that he had taken it from, and was endeavouring to come out of the office; I asked him where he was going; he said, he was going to Mr. Fisher; I then got hold of the door, and said no, you shall not go to Mr. Fisher, for I will take care of you; he then struggled to get past me, I made an alarm, and a gentleman that was close by in another office, came to my assistance, and he was searched.
Is it a particular kind of paper?
Yes, here is a sheet of it, (producing it;) you will see the word \"Exchequer\" in the water-mark; the expence of it, to his Majesty, is about four or five pounds a ream.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. On the Monday, Mr. Harris and I were talking together, I saw the prisoner go in, I told him of it, and he went to the door; I heard a great noise in a few minutes, and Mr. Harris called to me for assistance; I went, and saw the prisoner struggling with him, and I held him while Mr. Harris went for a constable.
Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am a book-binder, employed by Mr. Davison, a stationer, who contracts with Messrs. Mount and Page; the prisoner had been a servant of mine, but I had discharged him three weeks before this.
Had he at that time any authority from you to fetch books to bind for his Majesty, or for the office?
By no means.
I have a large family of five children, who are motherless, I hope the Court will in judgement, remember mercy.
