My husband's name is Charles Henry Hewit , a labourer in the India warehouse; I left these things in the house of Thomas Curnock , the George, in Chick-lane , about seven weeks ago.
Did you lodge at the George in Chick-lane
No; Nancy Austin , an acquaintance of mine did; I was the last person in the apartment. I locked them up in the apartment myself. When I went to the apartment, I found the door had been unlocked, and the things I heard had been lost, all the things mentioned in the indictment. I have seen one cap since. Yesterday week I met the prisoner in Golden-lane; I laid hold of her, and asked her for my things; she said if I would let her loose, she would let me have them; I let her loose, and she ran away; I caught hold of her again, and she struck me, and told me I should not have them at all. I followed her home, up a court in Whitecross-street; she shut the door against me; I then sent for a constable, he came and took her in custody; he searched her box in my presence, and found a cap in it.
Have you ever found the other things
No, she has given them away. I am sure the cap is mine.
I keep the sign of the George in Chick-lane , the prisoner was my servant , she lived with me about three months.
Had you a lodger of the name of Austin
No; a man and his wife of the name of Smith took the room; Mrs. Hewitt was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards frequently to this man and his wife that was in the house; I let them the room at three shillings and sixpence a-week; in a fortnight the man absconded, and in another week the woman absconded; after she was gone I employed my brother, who is a carpenter, to break the door open; I suppose it is a month or five weeks ago; the next day I employed her to clean out the room for another lodger; she brought me a band box into the kitchen; the things were shook out, there was a habit shirt, a cap, and handkerchief, very old things; I told her to put them in the club room; the girl behaving something improper to a customer, I parted with her.
How long was it after they were put in the club room that you parted with the prisoner
A week or ten days; I never looked after the things; I did not suppose that she would touch them; after I had discharged the girl the prosecutrix came the next morning to my house, she said she had left some things; I sent for this band box down, on her examining the band box; she said there were not all the things that she left in the house, and she wished to know where the girl was; when the girl came to me I told her she was liable to be taken up for taking the things away; she brought some things back again, that I had never seen before; she sent them to the person at the next door, and they brought them into my house.
These things which the prisoner brought back were they claimed by the prosecutrix
Yes; she had them all from my house; she claimed them as her own; this was near a month before the prisoner was taken up.
. Before you saw this girl and caused her to be taken up, had you found any thing at Curnock's of yours that you left there
What she left next door I did; they are not the things mentined in the indictment.
Mrs. Austin left her lodgings without paying her rent, did not she
Yes, she did; I have not seen her since.
I am a constable. On the 12th of May I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner in Shrewsbury-court, White-cross-street, at her lodgings; Mrs. Hewitt gave her in charge for stealing a number of articles in her band box, left at Mr. Curnocks house; the prisoner said she had nothing belonging to her; the prisoner shewed me her box; I found a cap in it; Mrs. Hewit claimed it; the prisoner said it was not Mrs. Hewitt's cap; I have had it ever since.
When I brought these things down in the kitchen, my master said take these things away or kick them away; when I came from the place being a poor girl I took these two or three things, they were not of much consequence.
I desired her to put them in the club room the things that were taken away were never brought down to me.
Do you mean to say that the cap which is produced now in evidence was never in the box
I cannot take my oath upon it, I do not think it was; there were two boxes.
. Had you any other box than the band box
I had a small trunk and band box; the trunk was locked; she did not break it open.
