I keep the London Tavern , in partnership with Edward Terry , and John-Henry Peacock ; I missed a great number of napkins continually; in consequence of information, I went to Worship-street, and got a search-warrant; I searched the house of Mrs. Osborn, No. 3, Dolphin-court, and from there we went to Mrs. Simmons's, No. 7, in the same court, and from there to Mrs. Thurgood's, in Catherine-wheel-alley; Ray, the officer, was with me; she denied having any napkins at all, or ever having seen any; we searched her house, we found none in the house, but where she had been washing, with a pail, I moved a stone, and put down a poker into the gulley-hole, and brought up six napkins; the prisoner's husband works for me; she owned, in her fright, that she had put them there, and that her Tommy, meaning her husband, knew nothing of them; she was then taken to Worship-street; I had never seen the prisoner before: I have fought for her husband, but cannot find him.
I went with Mr. Farley to the prisoner's house, we went in, the back-door was open, and I observed the prisoner stooping down; I told her I was come in search of some napkins, she said, we were welcome to search, she had no napkins at all belonging to Mr. Farley; she was very much alarmed; I observed a stone loose, by the side of the drain; I got a poker, moved the stone, and found six napkins; when I took them out, she fainted away; she begged Mr. Farley would not hurt her; she said her husband knew nothing about it, she had them brought there with broken victuals.
I am a Jewess; I bought fourteen napkins of a brother of mine, who deals in old cloath, about four months ago; I kept a stall in the Change; my husband told me I should leave off business; I had fix left, and I fold them to Mrs. Osborn.
I live at No. 3, Dolphin-cout, Craven-row: About three months ago. I bought six napkins of Rachel Simmons for six shillings; I went to Rachel Simmon 's wedding, and I told her if she would accept of them, she should have them; I asked my opposite neighbour, Sophia Simons , to take them to her, which she did.
I am a Jewes; Mrs. Osborn brought six napkins to me, and asked me to take them to Rachel Simons , which I did; I gave them to her brother, and desired him to give them to his sister.
I am the brother of Rachel Simmons; about four months ago, I fold six napkins to my sister.
These are not the napkins that were found under the stone?
No.
I never knew of any thing from the London Tavern in my life.
