I am a baker : On Saturday evening, the 13th of September, I went out a little before nine o'clock, and returned about twenty minutes afterwards; when I returned, I was informed I had been robbed, and on Monday I went to the Mansion-house, and identified the property.
I am a constable of Bishopsgate ward: Last Saturday week, about nine o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner, and another lad, lurking about, and looking into a number of shops; I watched then till I came to Mr. Turner's shop; I observed the prisoner look about the window and the door several times; I saw Mrs. Turner open a door, and go into the parlour, I then saw the prisoner go in double, upon his hands and knees, and go round the counter; I then watched for his coming out, he came out, and made a run, I never lost sight of him; I caught hold of him, and from under his left arm he dropped this hat, which, I believe, was his own hat; I opened it, and there were ten shillings worth of halfpence in papers, but they were broke in the fall; he then begged very hard for mercy, I took him back to Mr. Turner's; Mrs. Turner did not know that she had lost any thing, she looked, and missed two five-shilling papers of halfpence; I secured the prisoner, and took him to the Compter (produces the halfpence) Mrs. Turner said, in the hearing of the prisoner, that they had been lying upon a shelf behind the counter.
The halfpence were rolled up in papers ready for tying, but not tied; when I heard of the robbery, I went to the place where these halfpence were, and missed them immediately, all but three-pence halfpenny, which he had left behind; I have no doubt but they are the same that I lost.
I was going along Bishopsgate-Street , and a boy came running out of the shop, and said, will you hold these; I said, what are they; he said, never mind, I will give you a penny, and he put them into my hand, and ran away; I ran after him, and this gentleman laid hold of me.
(To Sapwell). Did you see any other boy near at the time?
No.
