I am in partnership with Daniel Desboies, watchmaker , in Gray's-Inn-passage: The Rev. Mr. Preston; of East-Dereham, Norfolk, ordered a silver huntingwatch to be made, which we made; it was No. 343; our names were upon it: On the 21st of April last, I put it up in a small box, covered with brown paper, directed to the Rev. George Preston, East-Dereham, Norfolk, and put my seal upon it; I delivered it to the errand-lad, Joseph Chadwick , to go by the mail, from the Golden-Cross, Charingcross: On the 24th of April I received a letter, by which I learned that the watch was lost; I made application at the Golden-Cross; they were aware of its having been stolen, but could not say by whom; the book-keeper gave me the covering, with the direction, in my own writing; on the 21st of May, we accidentally heard that our name had been taken out from the name-piece of a watch; I then applied to the engraver, Mr. Thompson, Red-Lion-street, Clerkenwell; there I was directed to Mr. Campbell, a watchmaker, in the Strand; I saw a watch hanging in the window, which belonged to us; it had the name of Alexander Campbell upon it then; the number remained; Mr. Campbell gave me information; in consequence of which, the prisoner was apprehended in Mr. Campbell's shop, on the 23d of May; he said he had bought the duplicate of a person of the name of Smith.
This watch was not at all concealed at Mr. Campbell's shop?
No, it was in the window.
I believe the prisoner came again to Mr. Campbell's, with the full knowledge that you were after him?
Yes; he wanted to buy the watch of Mr. Campbell again, and settle it some other way; he came three times to Mr. Campbell's.
I am servant to Mr. Ashman, a pawnbroker, in the Strand: On the 21st of April, the prisoner came to our shop, about eight o'clock in the evening, and pledged a new silver hunting-watch, which, he said, he had brought for a Mr. Smith; he told me his name was Johnson, and lived at No. 45, St. Martin's-lane; I cannot recollect the maker's name; I lent him two guineas and a half upon it; on the 1st of May, Mr. Campbell came with the prisoner to redeem the watch; I delivered the watch to the prisoner, and, I think, Mr. Campbell paid the money; I understood the prisoner had some dealings in horses.
It is not an uncommon thing for unfortunate persons to pledge articles in other names than their own?
They do sometimes.
I believe he has pledged articles of his own wearing-apparel with you?
Yes, several times, in the name of Johnson.
And he particularly told you he was pawning this for a Mr. Smith?
Yes.
I am a watchmaker in the Strand (produces a watch) ; I bought this watch of the prisoner, at Mr. Ashman's, on the 1st of May, for two guineas and a half, and the interest; I hung it in the window about a fortnight; it had the names of Desboies and Wheeler; I thought it was a watch deserving of my name; and, having other business with Mr. Upjohn, I left it with him, to have the name changed; the same number continued upon it.
Have you ever done any thing in this line of altering names before?
No; but it is not unusual in the trade.
The prisoner was introduced to you by a Capt. Innes, of the 42d?
Yes; he said it belonged to a Lieutenant Smith, of the Leicestershire Militia.
I believe he was at your house several times after this transaction?
Yes; I told Capt. Innes the watch was improperly come by.
Had the prisoner plenty of opportunity to have got away, after he was made acquainted with it?
Yes.
One evening, between eight and nine o'clock, I met Lieutenant Smith in the Strand, whom I formerly knew in the Leicestershire Militia; I was quartered with him at Tinmouth; I had this watch from him; after I had parted with it to Mr. Campbell, I heard it had been stolen, and surrendered myself.
