What are you?
A clerk in the Navy Office; I produce the muster-book of the ship Pompee for the months of July and August, 1801, in which James Bannon appears as one of the ship's crew, and is described as a landman.
Were you purser of the Pompee?
I was; we were in the Mole of Gibraltar, and shared the St. Anthony prize by agreement with he other ships.
Was the crew entitled to a share of the prize?
They were; the Pompee was disabled in the battle at Algziras, and Sir. James Saumarez left her in Gibraltar Mole when he failed after the Spanish squadron; the ship's company and officers of the Pompee had agreed with the others to share in all prized taken upon the shilling of Sir James Saumarez after the Spanish squadron, and from that circumstance we became entitled to share on the capture of the St. Anthony.
Was that a mutual agreement?
Yes, between all the ships that the Pompee should have the benefit of any prize they took, whether present or not, as she was disabled. James Bannon was on board; he came on board the Pompee from the Cambridge, rated as a landman by the books, on the 16th of June preceding the capture, which was made the 12th or 13th of July; I know him; and am certain the prisoner is not the James Bannon that belonged to the Pompee.
Would James Bannon on board the Pompee be entitled to his share of the prize?
He would.
What are you?
A merchant, in partnership with my brother; we are prize agents for the ship Pompee, for the prize-ship St. Anthony, a ship of war taken by the squadron under Sir James Saumarez : On the 10th of September the prisoner came to our accomptinghouse, and applied for prize-money; I went out of the accompting-house, and heard him say he was James Bannon belonging to the Pompee, and demanded his prize-money; he produced a certificate, signed by Mr. Eastman, a Lieutenant of the Pompee, starting that James Bannon was on board the Pompee on June or July; the prisoner said he was the person; I looked at the pay-list, and saw the signature did not correspond with the signature of Mr. Eastman, and said he could not be the man; he said he had it from Mr. Eastman; I said I would not believe it, but would take him before the Lord Mayor; he persisted he was the man, and demanded the prize-money.
I believe you are clerk to Messrs. Le Mesurier?
I am.
Have you the prize-account of the ship Pompee?
I have, and there appears 1l. 6s. 6d. due to James Bannon , a landman, on the first payment; there will be more. I saw the prisoner at our house the 10th of September, about two or three o'clock; I came into the office when he was applying for prize-money, and thought I had seen him applying before; he represented himself as James Bannon , belonging to the Pompee, and pro duced this certificate.
When he produced that, what did he say?
I thought I recollected seeing him before, and told him I doubted his being James Bannon ; he said he was, and claimed the prize-money due to James Bannon, of La Pompee; I told him on comparing the signature of Capt. Eastman to our prize-list with that he produced, that it was not correct; he persisted after that, that he was the person mentioned; I said I had seen him before applying for money, and that it would be better for him to retire; he still persisted, and would not go; I mentioned the circumstance to Mr. Le Mesurier, and an officer was sent for; he was searched at the Mansion-house, and I saw two or three certificates different only in the names and ships, but of the same hand writing.
Is that certificate in the usual form?
They are usually printed, and signed by the Captain, but we sometimes pay to the signature of Lieutenants; they are something like that form.
I don't believe this is Mr. Eastman's writing, because his name is James Edwards Eastman, and this is John Eastman .
Had you any Lieutenant John Eastman on board?
No; I belong to her now, and must know him if there was.
I have nothing to say, but that one Moses Bannon, belonging to the Pompee, sold me the ticket for eighteen shillings.
Did he give you any account of his buying it for eighteen shillings?
No, he did not say any thing of the kind.
