I live at Chelsea , and am a saw-maker ; in consequence of suspicion, I went to the prisoner's house, and by his wife I saw the saw-set, which I knew to be my property; he turned his back to me, took up the saw-set, and carried it to the other end of the shop out of my sight, though he did not know I had seen it; after that I asked him if he had any screws; he said he had a sew small ones, which he shewed me; I said they are good screws, and if my man does not let me have some soon, I will get some of you; I left him; knowing they were mine, and went to the Police-Office, and got a search warrant; when I returned I opened the door, and said, Mr. Jones, I am come to see you twice in one day, but now I have a warrant; I looked over his bench, and he had returned the saw-set to the place; I told him he must bring out the screws; he hesitated, but went and brought about a couple of gross of screws of a different make; I said they were not the same I had seen: he said he had no more; we opened a drawer, and I saw a paper with some screws in, which I knew to be mine: they are the same; (the officer produces the screws) ; I am enabled to say that they are different screws from what any body else used by the makes of them.
You have sold saw-sets of different sorts?
Yes.
Are you the only person who serves in your shop?
Me and my son; but that was stolen out of the window by my vise-bench.
Are those screws of your own make?
No, they are made by one Watson, of Birmingham.
Can you venture to swear that he only makes such for you?
I can shew his handwriting, where he says he does not.
Cannot I in many shops get screws of this sort?
I rather think not; they are certainly my property; they are turned under as it is called; the saw-set is my own make, and is not such as are sold, it being figured, and is only used by sawmakers; I have no difficulty in swearing to it, because it is not finished.
I live with my father, at Chelsea, and can swear to the saw-set and to the screws; I gave a gross to a man to cut, and missed eight dozen and ten afterwards of them.
What is that man's name?
William Fisher ; he is not here; he is ashamed to come; I asked him to come, but he would not.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
