In what situation of life are you?
I am agent for a very respectable house in Leeds, and another at Hull; I live in Sherborne-lane.
How long have you known the prisoner?
Eighteen months.
Previous to October last, had there been any money transactions between you and him?
There had; I had lent him 10l. he owed me, with the law expences, near 15l. I had taken out a writ against him.
Did you happen to meet him in October?
Yes, upon Snow-hill; I asked him how he could serve me in that manner, by not having the bill which he had given me for thirteen guineas, drawn upon Mr. M'Connell, honoured.
Is that the bill? (Shewing it to the witness.)
This is the bill. (It is read.
At the time when you received this bill, did you know the Mr. M'Connell upon whom it was drawn?
No, he sent me the bill in a letter; he told me Mr. M'Connell was a man of very considerable property; that the schedule of his property when taken amounted to 40,000l. he said he had been in the King's Bench, but was then out.
Look at that (shewing the witness a letter) is that the letter that enclosed the bill?
Yes, the thirteen-guinea bill.(A letter addressed to Mr. James Hogg , Sherborne-lane, Lombard-street, read.)
That bill has the acceptance of James M'Connell?
Yes; when I met the prisoner upon Snow-hill, he told me the reason of the bill of thirteen guineas not being honoured was, that Mr. M'Connell had gone into the country, and that he had left my account and some others with a Mr. Bateman to settle during his absence; he promised to call at my office in a day or two to settle it, but did not; he was employed by a person in Billiter-square, I think of the name of Bozeur, a foreign merchant. On the 26th of October he called at my accompting-house, and left a note, which has been lost; I have taken every pains, but cannot find it; he wrote me word, that he was in possession of a bill for 450l. drawn upon a person of the name of Dickason, which he would endeavour to get cashed, and he would then call and pay me what he was in my debt. On the 29th of October he called, and said, he had not been able to get the bill discounted; but if I would discount it, he would pay me; I told him if he would leave the bill with me for an hour, I would enquire if it was a good house; I took the bill to Mr. Dickason's, the acceptor's, and asked them if it was their acceptance; one of the clerks told me it was a very good one; I then took it to my banker's, and the prisoner called immediately afterwards at my accompting-house, and I gave him a draft upon my banker for 411l. which was deducting the thirteen guineas and the discount; he said, if it would be of any use to me he would draw a bill upon me for 20l. at a month or two months; I told him it would not make much matter, but I would accept a bill; he then drew a bill at a month, and I accepted it; that 20l. with the draft upon my banker, the money that he owed me, and the discount, made the\\ amountof 450l.(The Bill of Exchange stated in the indictment, with the acceptance and endrosement, read.)
Did the bill for 20l. which you accepted, afterwards come to you for payment?
Yes, I paid it to a person of the name of Proctor; I heard no more of it till Mr. Parkin and Mr. M'Connell called at my accompting-house the letter end of November.
This bill of 450l. was brought to you in consequence of your first having received a letter from him, and then his coming himself?
Yes.
He made no difficulty of acceding to your request that it might be left with you for the purpose of making any enquiry you thought proper?
None; it was left with me about two hours.
Was it upon the faith of the name of Dickason, and finding those enquiries satisfactory, that you paid him the money?
It was.
Was there any thing in his conduct at the time that could justify a suspicion in you that he was doing wrong?
None.
You know enough of the world to know, that a schedule means the schedule of a person in insolvent circumstances?
I did not understand that it meant a schedule of a man in insolvent circumstances; I understood it to be an account of what he was worth.
Do you know Mr. James M'Connell?
Yes, he was a prisoner in the King's Bench till he was removed by Habeas Corpus, to take his trial for this forgery.
What are you?
An attorney at law.
Did you ever see him write?
Yes, I am well acquainted with his writing.
Look at the back of that bill, and you will find it endorsed J. M'Connell?
I verily believe it to be the hand-writing of James M'Connell.
I am.
Do you know Mr. John M'Connell?
I do, he lives near Reading.
Do you know his hand-writing?
I do.
Look at the name J. M'Connell at the back of that bill, is that his hand-writing?
I verily believe it is not his writing.
What are you?
Clerk to the Clerk of the Papers of the King's Bench Prison.
What book have you there?
The book of the entry of the persons committed to the custody of the Marshal. - (Reads an entry of the commitment of Lewis Richards on the 15th of January, 1800, and of his discharge under the Insolvent Act on the 12th of August, 1801; also an entry of the commitment of James M'Connell on the 28th of February, 1800, and of his removal in the custody of the Sheriff of Surrey on the 13th of December, 1802.)
What are you?
A turnkey to the King's Bench Prison; the prisoner and James M'Connell were chums, and occupied the same apartment in the prison, No. 4 in No. 5.
Where do you reside now?
At Reading, in Berkshire.
Did you reside at any time in the island of Grenada?
I did some time.
Look at that letter, was it ever in your possession till after James M'Connell was under examination upon this charge?
Never; I was present when it was found in the King's Bench Prison; it is dated the 31st of July, 1802; I received a letter, dated the 22d of September, 1802.
Did that letter of the 22d of September contain the Bill of Exchange I now hand to you?
It did; I then made enquiry for a letter I ought to have received before; I presented this bill for acceptane, and it was refused.
Did that lead you, with the Solicitor for the Post-Office, to the apartments of James M'Connell in the King's Bench Prisoner?
It did.
Are you a clerk in the house of Dickason and Co.?
I am.
That bill for 450l. appears to be accepted by them?
It was on the 26th of October.
What are the names of that house?
Thomas Dickason, jun. and William Burgess.
Look at that bill, was it ever presented at your house for acceptance, and refused?
Yes, it was because the duplicate had been already accepted.
Do you hold any situation in the Post-Office?
Yes; Inspector of letters.
Look at that letter, do you remember that letter coming to the General Post-Office?
Yes.
That is the letter Mr. M'Connell saw found in the King's Bench Prison.
Do you recollect whether the place of abode of the person to whom it was directed could be found?
It could not; he was not known to any of the letter carriers, and the name was put up in the Post-Office yard; it is usual to put up a list of the names of persons to whom letters are directed London only; it was put up on the 13th of October; some unknown person wrote with a pencil against the name, \"King's Bench, St. George's-fields;\" in consequence of which I wrote upon the letter the words, \"King's Bench,\" and put it into the regular process for its arrival there; the passage was 1s. 8d.
Are you clerk to Mess. Bowles and Co. bankers?
I am.
Does Mr. Hogg keep cash with them?
Yes.
Did you, on the 29th of October, pay a check for 411l. drawn by him?
Yes, 411l. 4s. it has the name of L. Richards upon the back of it.
Look at L. Richards on the back of that check, is that the hand-writing of the prisoner?
It is.
Is that the check you gave him in part satisfaction for the 450l.?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes.
Look at that 20l. bill, did you give the prisoner cash for it?
I did.
Have you known the prisoner long?
About five years; I knew him when he was a Captain in the Manchester Fencibles, and he was a Captain in the St. George's Corps.
What has been his general character during the time you have known him?
I have not seen him for about two years, till about three weeks previous to my giving him cash; I always considered him as an upright character; I was an officer with him in another regiment; he told me he was distressed, and I gave him cash for it.
On the 25th of October I called at the King's Bench Prison; M'Connell told me he had got a bill which his brother had remitted by Post from his correspondent at Dover. I told him it was too late that evening to do any thing with it, but I would call the next day. I called the next day, and carried it for acceptance. I got it accepted, and then I called upon Mr. Hogg, and he told me Mr. M'Connell had used him very ill not to pay his acceptance of 13l. I told him not to make himself uneasy, for he had received a remittance from abroad, and shewed him the bill. He told me it was a very good bill, and he would cash it for me. I told him I would inform Mr. M'Connell of it. I went to M'Connell, and he said he had got the promise of it from another gentleman, and desired me to call again the next day. The next day I went to M'Connell again (there was an account between us at that time); he desired me to get it cashed. I went to Mr. Hogg, and got it discounted. I wrote my name upon it, Oxford-street, where I then resided. I took the whole of it to the King's Bench, and gave it to M'Connell, in the presence of Mrs. M'Connell and my son. He gave me 2l. on account, which I have accounted for in my books, and then he said, he would settle the balance in a few days, and I heard no more of the business till I was taken up. I only acted as an agent. I was requested to take the bill for acceptance, which I did. I understood he had very great property, and I knew his schedule was 40,000l. when he wanted to take advantage of the Insolvent Act. I heard from a number of persons that he was a man of property; I knew he had recovered 2 or 3000l. upon the ship Hope, and I had no doubt of the bill, especially as he said it was a remittance from his brother. I did not observe the name of John, nor Mr. Hogg either.
Do you know Mr. M'Connell, who is now in the Surrey jail, and was in the King's Bench prison?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes, I do.
Do you know any thing with respect to a 450l. bill?
Yes, I was present when Mr. M'Connell gave it to Captain Richards. Mr. M'Connell asked him if he would take a bill for acceptance that he had received from abroad; Mr. Richards said, certainly he would take it to oblige him, if he had no other person to send. It was too late that day; he came again the next day, and took the bill for acceptance; I was present when he returned in the evening; he gave Mr. M'Connell the bill, which was accepted, and said, if he wished to have it cashed, a friend of his in the City, of the name of Hogg, had offered to do it; and Mr. M'Connell said, he would consider of it.
Was that all that passed at that time?
Yes. Two or three days afterwards, Mr. M'Connell gave Captain Richards the bill, to get it cashed by his friend; and he was to pay some bill that Mr. Hogg had upon him, Captain Richards came again that evening, and said, his friend, Mr. Hogg, had given him the cash, and he delivered it to Mr. M'Connell, begging of him to look over it, to see that it was right; and he said, it was right; then Captain Richards received a note, which I understood to be a five-pound note, on account of what Mr. M'Connell owed him; there was an account between them, which originated in a bill that Captain Richards accommodated Mr. M'Connell with.
I observed, when Mrs. M'Connell was called, you presented yourself to the book to be sworn?
Yes, I have two subpoenas; one by the name of M'Connell, and the other by the name of Hawkes, which is my own name.
How long has M'Connell been a prisoner in the King's Bench prison?
I cannot tell exactly, I believe nearly three years.
When did he endeavour to obtain the benefit of the Insolvent-act?
In August last; I think the same day Captain Richards obtained the benefit of it.
Are you the lady referred to in some of these letters by the name of Fanny?
Yes.
You are the lady that Mr. Richards desired to be sent to him when he was in spunging-houses?
I went once.
Was he removed to Newgate, or did he get bail?
I never knew him in Newgate at all.
How many days were you visiting him there, passing between him and M'Connell?
I don't know, it might be four or five days, or a week.
How long was this before the transaction of the foreign bill?
I cannot tell.
Which of these gentlemen was first a prisoner?
Captain Richards.
Had you been a servant to Captain
Yes; I went first as a servant in his family.
Was he a married man?
I do not know.
Upon your oath?
Upon my oath, I do not. There was a mistress, but I don't know whether he was married or not.
Then you lived with him as a servant, while another woman lived with him as his wife?
Yes.
Had he any children by her?
Yes, two.
Upon your oath, have you any doubt she was his wife?
I do not know.
You mean you were not present at the ceremony?
I was not.
You received your orders from a person living in the house, who acted as your mistress?
Yes.
For how long?
For fifteen months.
Have you any doubt she was his lawful wife?
No.
He afterwards left his own house, and went into the army?
Yes.
Who went with him?
All his men went with him.
Did his wife go with him, or somebody in her place?
I went with him.
How long was he in the army before he became a prisoner in the King's Bench?
It might be twenty months, or it might be two years.
You continued with him all that time?
I did.
And you went with him to the King's Bench?
I did.
How long had he been there before Mr. Mac Connell came as a prisoner?
Not very long, it might be two or three months.
Did you introduce them to each other?
No.
Were you only a day inhabitant?
Yes, and sometimes not once a week.
Capt. Richards got out under the Insolvent Act, and you remained behind with Mr. M'Connell?
Yes.
Did you ever know him receive a foreign bill by the Post before or after that day?
No; he said he expected one.
How many days did he keep it before he delivered it to Capt. Richards for acceptance?
I think it was two or three days.
From the time M'Connell first came into the King's Bench, till the time he was removed to the jail of the county of Surrey, was he ever at large a single hour?
He was, I understand, at Guildhall, at the trial.
Was Mr. Richards very intimate with him?
No more than being chummed with him.
Don't you know Mr. Richards was a very distressed man in point of circumstances?
I have often heard him mention to Mr. M'Connell, that he would be much obliged to him if he would settle the account between them, for he was very much distressed.
What was the\\ amountof that sum which the one was distressed for, and the other was not able to pay?
Between forty and fifty pounds.
When did you see M'Connell last?
At Guildhall, when he was upon the trial there.
They do not admit you to him in the jail, do they?
No.
