I live in Half-Moon-alley, Bishopsgate-street ; I am a carpenter ; the house is let out in tenements, I rent the second floor; the landlord does not live in the house; it is in the parish of St. Botolph, Bishopsgate: On the 14th of December, a little before five in the evening, the things were lost; I was not at home; I left my children in the room, one about eleven years old, another six years and three quarters, and another about fifteen months; I apprehended the prisoner the next day, and took her to the Police-Office, where she confessed it.
I am the wife of the last witness: On the 14th of December, the prisoner knocked at my door, about five o'clock at night, one of my children opened the door; she asked me how I did; I told her I did not recollect her; she then made herself known to me, by mentioning some friends, and I recollected her; she wanted to know where my mother lived; she wanted her as a chair-woman to go to a place of two days work, where she could not go; she said, she was engaged at Dr. Taylor's; I asked her where she was wanted; she said, the Three Tuns, in Hog-lane, just by where she lived; I told her I should see my mother that night, I was going there directly I cleared the table; I had two bundles of clothes to carry, and she took one for me to the top of Half-Moon-alley into Bishopsgate-street; she then gave me the bundle, I went to my mother's, and asked her if she knew of any chairwoman; she told me, no; I then met the prisoner in Shoreditch; she told me she had been back to Dr. Taylor's, and had her tea; she said, she was going to find where my mother lived; I told her she need not, for my mother knew of no chairwoman; she turned back, and walked to Hog-lane with me; I then went home, and missed all the spoons I had, there were three of them; I found a spoon and apron that night at a pawnbroker's in Bishopsgate-street, Mr. Davidson's.
sworn. - I am eleven years old; bad people, who swear false, go to Hell: My father is a carpenter, at No. 12, Half-Moon-alley, Bishopsgate-street; I never saw the prisoner before she came to my father's house on the 14th of last month, when she knocked at the door after five o'clock, and asked my mother how she did. After some discourse, they both went out, and about ten minutes after the prisoner came and knocked at the door, which my little brother opened; she said, she came to stay till my mother came in, and asked how long she would be; I said, not long; she went towards the drawers, and took off her bonnet, and said she would put her cap on; she came towards the fire-place, and scraped her feet on the stove; I was reading, and heard her jingling the glass that stood on the mantle-piece, with one spoon in it; she asked what my mother drank; said, nothing particular; she told me to get a bottle, and she would fetch something against she came in; I gave her a bottle, with which she went out, and never returned; the other two spoons were on the drawers; I was frightened, and did not observe they were gone.
I am a pawnbroker: On the 14th of December, about six o'clock, the prisoner pledged an apron and teaspoon; on the same evening, a person came to enquire if I had taken in any tea-spoons; I produced the tea-spoon and apron, which were owned, (produces them.) When the prisoner pledged them, I asked her name, seeing it did not correspond with the letter on the spoon; she said, it was her own, and she had two more.
On the 14th of December, the prisoner brought two spoons to my shop, which is a silversmith's; I have one, the other was sold the evening after; I cannot swear to her, but I believe it to be her.
The prosecutor's wife has known me for twelve years; I was going past, and stopped ten minutes; she said, she was going to see her mother; we went out, I left her, and did not go back that night.
