Why did not you tell him next day?
I did not see him next day, he was at our other house in Swallow-street.
called. - I am eight years old.
Do you go to church?
Yes, I go to St. Giles's church every Sunday.
Do you know what will happen to you after you are dead if you don't tell the truth?
I do not know.
Did you never hear what will become of persons who don't tell the truth when they have taken an oath to tell the truth?
Yes, they never go to Heaven, they always go to Hell. (Sworn.) I am an apprentice to Mr. Woodward; I live in the same house with Foxley: On a Wednesday morning, about a month ago or better, I saw Bligh take ten sacks of soot away; I counted them; I followed the man with the last sack as far as St. Giles's church; there were three or four men in it; it was all in one morning; the soot was loose in the cellar, and he and another man put it into the sacks; the other man came with a whistle, and then Bligh let him in; I was in the passage, I saw the man go down into the cellar; he looked like a chimney-sweeper, but I did not know any of the men; Foxley was in the back room; Bligh used to send me out in a morning, saying, it was six o'clock, and I saw the man come and go down into the cellar; Bligh brought up the soot in sacks, and then another man came and met him, and took it of him.
I am twelve years old; I am apprentice to Mr. Woodward, I live in the same house with Foxley and Davis: On a Wednesday morning, about a month ago, Bligh took ten sacks away; a whistle came to the door, and he let the people in; it was three o'clock in the morning; Bligh called us up; I was in the room, I heard the whistle at the door, and Bligh let them in; he called us up to send us out, and I stood in the passage; he sent us to work in Berners-street, and it was too soon; I staid in the passage, and saw the man and Bligh fill the sacks; I could see into the cellar, because the room was broke in; Bligh held the sack, and the man filled it in; then Bligh carried the sack up to the passage, and we ran out, and then he gave the sack to another man, and he took it away; Bligh could not see us.
I am the master of these boys; I have several times missed soot: About a month ago, on a Saturday, I missed a quantity of soot from the front cellar; I apprehended the prisoner the Monday following; the cellar was filled up with soot as full as it could hold; I asked him what had become of the soot; he said, he did not know, but it was gone; he had been with me three months all but a week; he said, I had been robbed before he came to me; after he was taken up, he said he would sooner be hanged than tell me who it was that helped him; I had seen it about three weeks before; I had filled the cellar up from Swallow-street several times.
I know nothing of it, I never saw any body near the place; another man, of the name of Tucker, was taken up, and was acquitted before the Magistrate; my master wanted me to swear to him.
