I keep the warehouses called Dowgate warehouses , and have for many years; they contain mostly coffee and cocoa: On the 1st of May I missed a quantity of raw coffee; the prisoner was a labourer in the warehouses, and had been for full a twelvemonth; the prisoner was a servant of mine; he was afterwards apprehended and taken before a Magistrate; I saw a bag of coffee at Guildhall the day before his examination; the prisoner was present.
Was that bag your bag or not?
I cannot say whether it is or not.
There are three locks; the Custom-house lock, the Excise lock, and the warehouse lock?
Yes.
This was on the 1st of May?
Yes.
On going to that warehouse on the 2d of May, did you find your warehouse broke open?
Not on that day.
Did you find all your three locks secure and safe?
They were.
Do not you believe that they were perfectly secure from the last day of April to the time the prisoner was taken up?
I sometimes attend to the securing of them; I have found them open by mistake.
Were they left open on the 1st of May?
They were not.
Nor on the last day of April?
No; it was part of the duty of that man to go round the warehouses night and morning, and see every thing safe.
I am a constable of the city of London: On Thursday, the 1st of May, I saw the prisoner standing at the corner of the Old Change in Cheapside, with a box; I observed the box and I observed him; I saw it very loosely corded, and the prisoner rather in a hurry; I looked and observed no direction upon the box at all; he was looking about him, and during that time a coach get off the box the kirb; before the coachman could get off the box the prisoner opened the door; he put the box in, and the coachman shut the door; he ordered the coachman to drive to Chesterfield-street, Marybone; I then went up to the door, and looked steadfastly at the prisoner; he seemed to be very much confused; the coach drove off into Newgate-street, opposite Bagnio-court; I saw him get off the seat; he told the coachman to draw up; upon that the coachman drew up on the off side; I then ran round the horses' heads, and before I had got to the coach-door he had opened it, and was going to get out; I immediately stopped him, and shoved him back into the coach; I then got into the coach; he asked me what I meant by that; I then told him I had a suspicion that that box was not honestly come by; I asked him if it was his own property; he said, no; I asked him whose it was, he said it belonged to a gentleman's servant at the other end of the town; that he had left it with him, and desired that he would take it to him; and not being satisfied in my own mind, I ordered the coachman to turn round and go to the Compter; the box was in the coach; I took him to the Compter; I there asked him for the key; he said there was no key, it was not locked; I asked him if he had any objection to my opening it; he said he had not; I opened the box, and found a bag containing a quantity of raw coffee; I took him before Alderman Newnham the next morning, and he remanded him till the Wednesday following; the bag was kept in the Alderman's room during that time, in the box; and it was advertised on the Wednesday; I saw the same box again, I sealed it up on the 1st of May; Mr. Cornish attended, and Mr. Brown, his clerk; they saw the bag, and he was fully committed; the bag and box were delivered to me, and I sealed it up.
The first time you saw the prisoner was in the Old Change?
Yes.
And because the man was in a hurry, going about his business, you took him to be a rogue, and stopped him?
So it turned out; I had some suspicions about it; I am a little judge of these things.
The box you spoke of had no directions upon it?
No.
I have been clerk to Mr. Cornish between nine and ten years; the prisoner was labourer to Mr. Cornish, and had access to all parts of the warehouse.
Did you, on the 1st of May, miss any coffee?
The 1st of May was a holiday.
The day before?
I cannot say; there had frequently been coffee missing.
Look at that bag?
The bag is inside out.
Then you had better empty the coffee out. (The coffee was emptied out.) Do you see any mark there by which you can swear to it?
It is one of the bags that has been in the warehouse, and has been lodged there with coffee.
That is one of the bags that has been intrusted to Mr. Cornish's care?
Yes.
By what mark do you swear to this bag?
By the shipmark, E B, 250.
Is there any other mark?
Yes; an original mark of S H.
What do you mean by the original mark?
It is a plantation-mark; the other is the ship's name, and the captain's name.
I take it every bag that comes from the plantation has the same mark?
I look upon it not; it may.
Do you know whether it is the custom of this plantation to mark with S H, or not?
I cannot say.
Now the ship's mark - is not every bag brought by that ship marked with the same mark?
It ought.
How many does a ship bring?
Sometimes a ship does not bring more than ten, and sometimes five thousand.
If the ship comes over in 1798 or 1799, all the bags will be marked with the same mark?
Yes, if the ship's name and the captain's name is the same.
Can you tell whether this bag came over in 1798 or 1799?
No.
Will you swear to this bag being in the warehouses any time in April last?
Not without looking at the book; that bag might have been out of our warehouse six months ago; but still it has been the property of Mr. Cornish.
The business of Mr. Cornish, as a warehouseman, is this, that when coffee is landed, it is deposited in that warehouse for a certain time?
Yes.
At what period does it leave the warehouse, when it is sold to the grocer?
Yes; or being delivered for exportation.
Will you swear that that bag was in Mr. Cornish's warehouse at any period of the year 1800?
I cannot.
Will you swear it was in Mr. Cornish's warehouse in any part of 1799?
Yes.
Upon your oath at what time?
I cannot exactly tell.
Did you ever see it in the warehouse?
Yes.
When did it first come in?
About a year and a half ago.
Will you swear that it was not delivered?
If it was delivered property it must have been delivered for exportation, for it was prize coffee that was in it.
Will you venture to swear that that bag was not delivered out of Mr. Cornish's warehouse last year?
I look upon that bag to be a bag that has been started, and put into casks; I can tell if I refer to my book.
Refer to your book then. (Produces his book.) Is that your day-book or your ledger?
It is my weighing-book.
Are these entries made from the weighings themselves?
After I weigh them I put them upon pieces of paper, and then copy them into the book.
Where are those pieces of paper?
Delivered to the broker.
Those pieces of paper then are the originals?
They are.
This book is only a copy from those pieces of paper?
It is.
Then it is not evidence.
You can make it evidence if you chuse.
To shew your Lordship I am not afraid of the contents, I will examine to the book:
Now tell me what is that book?
The weighing-book.
According to this book, at what time was that bag emptied?
I cannot tell from that book.
At what time does it appear by that book that it was weighed off?
The 14th or 15th of March, 1799.
Was it at the time it was weighed off, emptied?
It was not.
Does that book afford you any further information upon the subject?
It does not.
Then can you now tell me if that bag was in Mr. Cornish's possession in December last?
I cannot.
In November?
No.
In October?
I cannot.
How long it has been out of Mr. Cornish's possession you do not know?
No.
Give me leave to ask whether bags that have been in Mr. Cornish's possession do not find their way on board ships and on board lighters?
Yes, for the purpose of mending other bags; the prisoner himself has taken bags from the warehouse for that purpose, by my order.
Do the bags at any time become your perqui site?
No, unless I purchased any for my own use.
Can you swear positively that you never purchased that identical bag?
I am certain I never did.
Are bags never left at the public-house, the Friars, near the warehouse?
No.
Are bags of this sort ever sent out of the warehouse after they become Mr. Cornish's property in overtakers?
Yes, but they have a private mark put upon them; the mark of those packages which have been started.
Has this bag that mark?
No, it has no mark but the original mark.
There is no mark upon that bag which denotes it ever to have been the property of Mr. Cornish?
There is not.
What ship did that come by?
The Eagle.
Did all the coffee which came by that ship come into the possession of Mr. Cornish?
Some of it.
What did the ship contain?
To the best of my recollection sixty hogsheads, and about five hundred bags came to our warehouse.
Will you venture to swear there were no other bags that came in that ship that went to some other warehouse with that mark upon it?
I am almost sure.
Is it possible that you can know?
It is very seldom that it goes to two different persons.
Do you happen to know how many of those five hundred bags you had delivered out of your warehouse before the end of the last year?
I do not think there were any remaining at that time; this identical bag I can remember being started by the number; I only know that from my book.
Shew me where it appears in the book?
I can shew it by a memorandum from the day-book.
Is the day-book here?
No; it was started on the 15th of March, 1799.
And when that bag went out of the warehouse after, you cannot tell?
No.
Did you never know an instance of a bag going out of your warehouse fairly, without a mark upon it?
Never.
Are they never given to the Custom-house officers to make aprons?
No.
Nor to the Excise officers?
No.
Have you never given them yourself for that purpose?
I cannot recollect any such thing having been at all.
I understand you, that this bag you know from the circumstance of its being a part of a parcel of eighty that were started?
Yes.
If it had gone out of your warehouse then, would it have gone fairly?
It could not.
Has it any such private mark as it would have, if it was to get to an overtaker?
It has no private mark upon it.
If bags were given, would they be given with raw coffee in it?
No.
Is that coffee the same sort that you had in your warehouses in April and May last?
I cannot swear to the coffee.
The first was a holiday, on every holiday we leave the doors open; on the 1st of May I went out, and took a pint of porter; I met with a person that had this load; when I have nothing to do, I do any thing for any body that will employ me; I met with a person who asked me to take this box in a coach to Chesterfield-street, Marybone, and having nothing to do, I took it.
I am a Custom-house Officer; I had the care of Mr. Cornish's warehouse.
Under what locks are the warehouses kept?
The Custom-house, the Excise, and Mr. Cornish's locks.
Is it easy to pick those locks?
I should think not.
The prisoner was taken on the 1st of May, were you there the day before he was taken up?
If the warehouse was open I was.
Have you ever known any bag which had contained coffee to be sold?
Mr. Cornish's clerk frequently buys them for his use, or for overtakers.
Have you ever known an instance of a bag being given?
As he buys many bags, I have myself asked him for a bag, and he has let me have it.
What is the value of a bag of that sort?
I do not know, I suppose about three-pence or four-pence.
It is not an easy thing to pick Custom-house locks?
No.
But it might be easy, perhaps, for any body to take coffee before they were locked up?
Yes.
Look at that bag - is that a bag that was ever given to you, by Brown?
That I am sure I could not swear.
Has it any mark upon it, that it would have, if it was given for an overtaker?
It has the import mark.
Is any private mark put upon it by Mr. Cornish?
Not that I know of; it has the mark of the ship, and the lot.
There is no mark belonging to Mr. Cornish?
No.
If a bag was given to you, would it have any more marks upon it, than there is upon that bag?
No.
I am a Custom-house Officer; I surveyed these warehouses during the holidays, the warehouses are locked up, and when they are open we are always there.
Is it possible for any thing to be stolen out of the warehouses while you are upon your duty?
It may be.
Is it possible for a man to take a large sack of coffee out without your observing it?
I should think not.
Do you or not, know whether bags are frequently given away by persons belonging to the warehouse?
Certainly they are.
Do you know a public-house called the Friars?
Yes, very well.
Do you know if Brown has ever left bags at that public-house?
I cannot say; I have had bags given me myself to make aprons of.
Though a diligent officer, you did not observe a man go out with a bag of coffee?
No.
But a servant in the house might have done so, without your knowing it?
We always rub the men down.
I am a Custom-house officer; I survey the warehouses of Mr. Cornish; there is always one officer in the warehouse continually; when we go, we lock it up with three locks.
Should you at all be surprised to hear that a man had escaped with sixty pounds weight of coffee in his breeches-pocket?
He could not carry one pound without being discovered.
Was it possible for the prisoner then to have carried out that quantity of coffee without being derected?
Impossible.
Were you at the warehouse the day before the 1st of May?
Yes.
Do you mean to swear that, recollect yourself?
Every day the warehouse has been open I have been there.
I ask you, upon your oath, were you there upon the 30th of April?
I cannot rightly tell.
Upon the 30th of April, if you were not there, any body might have taken out a bag of coffee?
But the locks are always locked when we go away.
Will you swear, that on that day the warehouses were locked with locks upon them, and that you saw it?
We always six the locks when we go away.
I am an Excise-Officer; for the last fourteen months, I have not been absent a day from these warehouses; the prisoner at the bar worked in the warehouses; we always rub down the men.
Is it possible for any man to carry out sixty pounds of coffee without being discovered?
I should think not five.
How was the prisoner generally dressed?
In a short jacket, with an apron before him.
Have you ever known bags given away?
Yes; the clerk was kind enough to make me a present of one, about a twelvemonth ago to make an apron, and since that, I made a request of another, and he let me have it.
Did he give you any coffee at the same time?
No, I did not ask him that question.
You rub down the men, you tell us?
Yes.
On the 30th of April, 29th, or 28th, did you rub down, or make any enquiry of the prisoner, with respect to any thing he took out of the warehouse?
I did not.
Was the bag inside out when you took it from the prisoner?
Yes.
So that the mark could not be seen?
Yes; it was exactly in the same state in which I produced it here in the box.
