I keep a mangle : on the 4th of February the prisoner at the bar came to my house and asked for a lodging; he came in twice in the course of the day about it; he agreed to take it, and after that, at dusk, I went out; I had left in my room some linen I had to mangle for Mr. Rostan, and when I came back again, the linen was gone; I had left only my little child of nine years of age in the room.
Have you ever learned to say your prayers or your catechism?
Yes.
Do you know what you are bound to do when you are sworn as a witness?
To speak the truth.
And what will happen to you if you do not speak the truth?
I shall go to hell.
Do you remember the day the prisoner at the bar came to take the lodgings of your mother?
Yes, I saw him.
Do you remember whether he was there more than once in the day?
He was.
Do you remember whether your mother went out in the evening or not?
She did go out, and she left me at home with my brother and my little sister; they are younger than me.
After your mother was gone out, did any body come into the house before she came back again?
Yes, Richard Higgins ; that is him, (pointing to the prisoner,) he said he wanted my mother; I said she was gone out, to take a basket of clothes; he said he wanted to speak to her about the lodgings; then he walked up and down the shop; he took my little sister up and gave her a halfpenny; then he pushed me to the door, and went out with a bundle that was on the counter; when he was got out he went towards Chelsea; when my mother came home I told her.
I was at Mrs. Evans's house when the prisoner came to take the lodgings.
You were not there in the evening?
No, I saw him three weeks after that at Pimlico; I said nothing to him; but went to the Bag of Nails, where he had slept a night or two till Mrs. Evans got the lodging ready: and I told the publican, my husband went and took him at a public-house; he was obliged to take him by the collar, he was unwilling to come.
I asked this lady for a lodging, she said she would get it ready on the Monday following; I had been to get work of Mr. Bramin, and if I could have got work of him, I should have gone to her lodging, but Mr. Clark, whom I was to work for, told me I might sleep with his boy; I never saw the place after the time I went away; I went back to her, and told her I would have come to her lodging but I had this offer; I am as innocent as a child unborn; when the child was examined at the Office, she had not a word to say but what the mother put in her mouth.
