I am a farmer , in the parish of Heston ; I lost a black gelding: On Wednesday the 7th of May, I saw the horse about two o'clock in the morning, in my yard; I got up to call the men, and then I went to bed again, they went out about four; when I got up again I missed the horse, and about eleven o'clock in the day I received information, in consequence of which I came off to London, and overtook him in Oxford-street, in the possession of a little boy; I put up my horse at the Boar and Castle, at the bottom of Oxford-street, and the landlord and I spoke to the boy about the horse.
Is that boy here?
No; his father is; I took the horse from him, put him into the stable, and took the boy to Bow-street.
How do you know it was your horse?
He is a black horse, he has had a kick upon his nether hock behind, and it is challis'd; his off leg behind is greasy, and a star in his forehead.
For what purpose was he used?
At cart; he was an overgrown horse, a very poor horse; I was going to send him to the marshes; I have not the least doubt of it being my horse.
What time was it you saw the horse?
About two o'clock, or a little after; on the Monday following I saw the prisoner at Bow-street; I took the horse home the following day.
I keep the Black-lion public-house, and livery-stables, at Bayswater: On the 7th of May, the prisoner at the bar brought a black gelding to my door, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, he told me his master sent him with it to be slaughtered; he said his master came from Lambton; I asked him what his master was to have for it; he said, thirty shillings; I said thirty shillings was more than it was worth; I told him I would give him twenty-seven shillings, but that was more than the horse was worth; he tied the horse in the yard, and received the money, and went about his business; I sent for Mr. Barker, and sold it to him the same day for thirty shillings; I delivered him the horse, I believe it might be about eleven o'clock; it was a black gelding, had a black tail, greasy heel, and lame.
Had either of his hocks any blow upon it?
I did not see that they had; it was very poor, and the bones coming through the skin; it was a large horse.
I am in the milk line, and buy now and then-a low-priced horse; I have bought several of Mr. Peake; I bought a black gelding, with a long tail, on Wednesday the 7th of May, greasy behind.
Was there any challis about either of the hocks?
I did not observe it, there might be such a thing; it was a large horse, he was as much out of condition as any horse alive; I gave thirty-one shillings for him, the man was to have a shilling that came from Mr. Peake to let me know of the horse; I took him home, and he stood at my own door in North-row, Oxford-street, till my little boy came home from school; I sent my little boy with the horse to carry it to Sharp's-alley, Cow-cross; I went to Aldridge's repository, and I got information there that my little boy was at Bow-street, crying most cruelly, being taken with a stolen horse upon him; I then went to Bow-street; I afterwards took the horse from the Boar and Castle, and left it for Mr. Butler, at the Half-way-house, at Paddington.
What kind of a boy was this?
He was dressed in a jacket like mine, and a pair of velveret breeches.
I saw the boy with his father, at Bow-street; that was the boy that I took the horse from.
I am a gardener: I was standing at Mr. Peake's door when the prisoner came by with the horse; Mr. Peake bought it of the prisoner, I was present at the time; it was a large black horse, with a long tail, in very bad condition; Mr. Peake paid him the money, and then he went away about his business; I apprehended the prisoner the next day, in a brick field, near the New-cut at Brentford; I brought him to Brentford, Mr. Peake was there, and we took him to Bow-street in a horse and cart.
I have nothing to say.
