What are you.
I was a vendor of patent medicines , and a proprietor of some.
At the time you where so, where did you live.
At No. 45, Salisbury square .
You are not in that situation now.
No.
Who succeeded you in that situation.
Mrs. Kerslake.
On the 11th of June last, in consequence of something, did you proceed to the prisoner's house.
I did, accompanied with Mrs. Kerslake and two officers.
Mrs. Kerslake succeeded you in the business.
Yes.
How do you mean succeeded you, I do not understand you.
She lived in the adjoining house, I ceased selling medicines myself at No. 45, and at No. 46, the door adjoining, she sold them.
What was the prisoner at the bar.
He was clerk first to me and afterwards to Mrs. Kerslake.
During the time that you carried on your business did you make use of stamps.
I did.
Had you many of those articles at that time in your possession.
Yes, we are always obliged to purchase fifty-four pounds worth of them.
Had you at any time missed any of these stamps.
I had missed them.
On the 11th of June you searched the house of the prisoner.
I did, on account of the note that Mrs. Kerslake lost; Mrs. Kerslake, Kimber, and Weatherfield, accompanied me to his house.
Who requested Weatherfield to attend.
I asked him on the night the note was lost to come to me in the morning; in consequence of that he and Kimber the officer came to my house in the morning, and we all proceeded to the prisoner's house in Bermondsey street; we got there about ten o'clock in the morning; the officer desired me to wait in the shop while Mrs. Kerslake and the officers proceeded to search; first of all they went into the back kitchen.
Your name sir is Anthony Daffy Swinton .
Yes.
Had you lost stamps before Mrs. Kerslake succeeded you.
I believe not.
Were they stamps for the medicines.
Yes, I am obliged to have the stamps from the stamp office with my own name on them.
For your quack medicines; when you parted with the medicines, did not you give up likewise the stamp business.
No, I never parted with the patent at all, nor the order at the stamp office.
You mean to say this, that she was to sell Dr. Brodum's medicine, and that she was to come to you for every stamp of the nervous cordial and the botanical syrup.
She was to have six of each.
Could not you trust her with more than six.
If there was an order for more she asked me for them.
A very odd way of parting with business.
I never parted with the patent right.
If you parted with the sale of these goods, you surely put her in the best way you could, but the fun of this business of yours was to give her the medicine and to keep the stamps.
She never had them, not to this moment.
It seems to me to be a nominal succession, supposing a thousand are ordered and she has only got six stamps, how was she to sell them, she must sell them without stamps.
She has had no more than six at a time since she has sold the medicine.
What are you.
I am a constable, I live at No. 25, Holiday yard, Ludgate street; I went to the prisoner's house, Bermondsey street, Mrs. Hall let us in; when we went into the parlour I saw Mrs. Hall take some paper from out of the buffet, and she endeavoured to conceal it.
How many persons were there in this room.
Only the lady and me and Mrs. Hall; she had got them in her hand, and she endeavoured to conceal them under her clothes, I immediately says, Ma'am that will not do, I insist upon seeing what you have got there, I took from her hands this parcel of stamps, which I now produce; we went up into her bed room.
Who went with you.
The lady, and Mr. Kerslake, and Weatherfield.
You mean Mrs. Kerslake, Mr. Swinton, and Weatherfield.
Yes, when I went into the bedroom I found in one drawer sixteen one-shilling stamps, and a spoon that we had here last night, a mustard pot, and three seals, and a case of instruments and a lamp, these were all found in my presence.
Did you come away in one coach or two.
Two.
You brought away two coach loads.
Yes.
And these are all the things that you put in the indictment.
Yes.
There were four full boxes taken away by Mr. Swinton in a separate coach.
Yes.
Did you see the contents of them.
No, they were taken away tied up and all packed.
What, did Mr. Swinton claim these four boxes as his property.
Yes.
Were they taken before the sitting alderman.
They were not, he told me they contained Dr. Brodum's medicine.
Did you happen to see whether that was true or not.
No.
Then you did not seize them as stolen goods.
I did not.
They were worth a great deal more than the things charged in the indictment.
I cannot say they-were in boxes, they were carried to Mr. Swinton's house.
They may be brick bats for what you know.
I did not see them.
You rather think they were brick bats.
No.
Do you suffer a man to go with you to search for stolen goods, to take away boxes without your searching and examining them, you as an officer have a right to take every thing that is stolen.
They did not say they were stolen.
What size boxes were they.
They were about nine inches in depth and fifteen inches in length; the boxes are now in Salisbury court, Mrs. Hall desired they might be left because they were going in a ship; I know not who took them there.
But what is in them you do not know.
No.
The assignees shall know, and what is in them, when did you see them last.
This morning.
When you search a man's house for stolen property and they are claimed, why did not you take them with you, there would be no harm in that.
I should have thought it improper after leaving him in the Counter.
Where was he apprehended.
In Salisbury court.
There was never any pretence that these four boxes were stolen.
No, they were claimed by the prosecutor's wife.
I am a serjeant at mace.
Did you with Kimber the constable proceed to search the prisoner's house.
Yes, I fetched him on the 11th of June, I went with Kimber, Mrs. Kerslake, and Mr. Swinton, to the prisoner's house.
Who opened the door to you.
The prisoner's wife; we went into the parlour, I saw the prisoner's wife at the buffet, she was very much alarmed and frightened, she took some papers from under a bason, she held them in her left hand, Kimber observed there was something, he catched hold of her right hand, I stood behind, he says what have you got here, I thought she would have fainted she was so much affected, he then laid hold of her left hand and found the stamps, I believe them to be the same stamps; I went up stairs, Mrs. Hall accompanied us, we went into the one pair of stairs bedroom, where the drawers were, I pulled out the drawers and Kimber searched them, we found in the drawers some stamps.
Look at them stamps and tell me whether they are the stamps.
I believe them to be the same; we found a mustard pot and some paper, and there was a lamp found below in the shop.
What did you find in the one pair of stairs room.
Some stamps, some paper, and some memorandum books, they were, I believe Dr. Brodum's books.
What do you mean by Dr. Brodum's books.
They were printed pamphlets; then we went down stairs again and found this tobacco box, this lamp we found in the shop, Mr. Swinton said it was his, and in the drawer we found these three seals and these patent locks, the mustard pot and this case of instruments.
Now, good Mr. Weatherfield, although you are not a constable, you are a very useful servant called a serjeant at mace, you and Mr. Swinton are friends.
Yes, as neighbours.
You have known him a long while, where does he live.
At No. 46, in Salisbury square.
If I had enquired of you where Mr. Swinton lived, you would have told me No. 46, Salisbury square.
Yes.
Are you a constable.
I was a city constable for a number of years, and I was beadle to the parish of St. Bride, but I found myself ill treated.
That ill treating was, some wicked people charged you with stealing coals.
No.
Upon your oath was not you discharged upon that charge of stealing three sacks of coals.
No, I deny it; the parish had an information from a spiteful man, to whom I would not pay a bill of twenty-eight pounds, I had paid it once, and because he could not have his ends of me, he told the parish officers that I wanted to embezzle coals, which I never did, and I will prove it.
Then in point of fact you was charged with embezzling coals.
I was.
You voluntarily resigned.
No.
Then you did not voluntarily resign, you went out without voluntarily resigning.
I might have had that situation then and might now, I was very ill treated, and I would not serve it.
If they did not turn you out and you did not resign, how did you get out, you puzzle me.
The reason was because I would not solicit among my friends, I told them I had paid the twenty-eight pounds, I shewed all my account, and because I would not pay the money again, they brought forward that which turned me out.
They turned you out then.
No, they chused another man.
Then they did not turn you out, they chused another man; on the night of the 10th of June Mr. Swinton came to you and desired you to get an officer the next morning.
He asked me to come and take the prisoner, I told him that I was a sheriff's officer, I was no constable, but I would get him an able man that would find out the thief, I fetched Kimber, and he said he would do his endeavour to find out the thief.
You mean to say that Mr. Swinton came to you, as being a cunning man, to find out the thief.
No, not as a cunning man, but because the parish officers did not know how to go about it.
You, Mr. Swinton, and Mrs. Kerslake took Kimber, what was the room that you went into first.
To the best of my remembrance we went along the passage into the back room.
Did you all stay in that room or go out of it.
We were all in that room.
Was that the room in which the stamps were found.
Yes.
You went into the room in which the stamps were found and Mr. Swinton.
He was there or in the house.
I dare say he was in the house, I am asking of you whether he was in that room or not; (witness pausing) I will take the answer that you do not know whether he was or not.
He was in the room.
Therefore if any body said he was not in the room that is incorrect.
Yes.
You were in the room.
I was in the room, we next went into the one pair of stairs, a bed room, then we went below.
Did Mr. Swinton go with you into every room at the same time that you went in.
I believe not at the same time, because there was one kept below for fear any thing should be carried out.
My question is, did he accompany you into every room at the time that you went.
I do not think he did, he was in and out.
Your attention was not so much directed to him, as it was for looking after the things, you have been an officer a great many years, do you remember some boxes being found there.
I saw Kimber find some boxes, he brought them out from under a dark place under the stairs, they were brought into the shop, and there was some boxes found in the passage.
Were they taken to the sitting alderman.
Not all, that was only one coach load that Mr. Swinton said was stolen.
This was one coach load, and the other went to Salisbury square.
I believe they did, I did not go with them.
They did not go to the alderman.
I believe not.
You know whether they did or did not.
Upon my honour I tell you the truth.
Do not tell me of your honour, you are upon your oath, did those boxes that were put in the other coach go to the sitting alderman.
Upon my oath I cannot say whether they did or not, I know these did.
I do not ask you about these, upon your oath do not you know that they did not go.
I cannot say, I only had them in my custody, I was not with the coach.
Did both the coaches go to Guildhall.
I believe they followed one after the other.
Did you see both the coaches at Guildhall.
I do not charge my memory that I saw them both at Guildhall, I verily believe that the other coach went Mr. Swinton's or elsewhere.
You found some boxes that were corded, and they were taken to Mr. Swinton's.
Yes.
Did you see the contents of them.
No, they were not opened, there was five or six of them.
You have been asked whether you was not charged with stealing coals, upon your oath did you ever commit that offence.
I never did.
Whether you was not accused.
I was overseer and beadle; there was a poor woman with a large family, I gave her three sacks of coals.
How came you not to examine thoroughly below stairs, before you went up stairs.
When the things were found Mr. Swinton put himself in a very great passion, we hardly knew what to do with him.
Then you went up stairs and left him below.
I believe we did.
Then when you returned you found all these things; now let me give you one piece of advice, when you go to examine a place let the persons be with you, now it appears either negligence of you or great wickedness in somebody else; the first thing that you found in the parlour were these papers, you then went up stairs, and when you came down again all the other things were found.
Yes.
I am a single woman, I live at No. 46, Salisbury square, I am a vendor of medicines.
Whom did you succeed in that business.
I succeeded Mr. Swinton the first of January, the beginning of this year, the prisoner at the bar was my servant, (my clerk) he was in the same situation with Mr. Swinton.
On the 10th or 11th of June had you any reason to suspect his honesty.
I had; in consequence of that the prisoner Hall was taken into custody by Weatherfield and Kimber at my house.
Did you afterwards go to the house of the prisoner, with Weatherfield, Kimber, and Mr. Swinton.
Yes, Mrs. Hall let us in; the first room that we searched was the first floor, Weatherfield and Kimber went up with me, Mr. Swinton staid below, he came up afterwards; the first drawer we opened I saw some stamps with Dr. Brodum's name on them, I put my hand on them and said they are our stamps, the officer took them immediately; we found a table cloth, we then proceeded to search below stairs, and in the kitchen drawer there were found three seals and some bottles of embrocation, a lamp, and a mustard pot; I should have told you the wife took some stamps when we first went in from under a bason in the cupboard, which she held in her hand: the officer took them from her when she got up stairs. We went into the cellar, and under the stairs I saw some medicine boxes, they were all marked 1, 2, 3, 4, and in the passage there were four boxes belonging to myself, they were an order, I sent them there for conveniency, being by the water side, I was to let the gentleman have medicine, and he was to send me a pipe of wine; Mr. Hall took these boxes to his house, as being more convenient, the boxes were not quite packed; I took them home to my house; the other four boxes found in the cellar, Kimber I believe had them, they were taken to Guildhall.
You commenced business the beginning of this year, and succeeded Mr. Swinton, when did you go into the house.
I have been in the house a twelve month last March, I took it of a tenant of Mr. Swinton's, not knowing it was not Mr. Swinton's.
Did not Mr. Swinton occupy both houses formerly.
I do not know.
You were his housekeeper.
I was, about three years ago.
You succeeded him in the business about the beginning of this year, and he became a bankrupt shortly after you succeeded him, you had all the stock and the right of making the medicines, had you all the stock transferred to you.
I had not all the stock, I had as much as I thought proper.
How much did you pay for what he did transfer to you.
I do not know.
(to prosecutor) I ask you whether you have always gone by the name of Swinton.
No, I have gone by the name of Moore and of Hall.
How many times have you gone to prison.
Three or four times to see Hall.
Upon your oath, did not you swear last night you had been only twice; I will now produce the key to these two locks found at the prisoner's house, which the prisoner sent to me since he has been in confinement.
It struck me very odd that a man should steal two locks, and leave the keys behind.
These articles were sent to my house to keep them from the assignees; the four boxes that they have made the excuse of\\ send\\ ing them to my house was that they were to be sent by water; he never put any direction on the boxes, they were for a gentleman in Wood street, that order was countermanded; after he found a messenger was to be sent into his house, he ordered me to go to the inn in Fleet market to get some porters, which porters were to be none that I knew, nor should they be followed to see where the articles went; there were some small articles besides, he desired them to be taken to my house for fear the assignees should have them; since which time he has been carrying on the business, he receives the profits of the business, I settled the books with him every Saturday; once or twice he brought in Mrs. Kerslake, that I might swear that I settled the account with Mrs. Kerslake; he has sworn to a tobacco dish that I had three years before I knew him; last night Mrs. Kerslake swore to a table spoon that was my own; there is Mr. Chapman that drawed the beer, he is in court, he came into the charge room with me, he knows that when he offered me the change of the seven shilling piece I first of all pushed it from me; the next day he came to me and said, if I would sign the commission of bankruptcy he would not appear against me.
