I am a ship-master .
When did you lose your watch
On the 22nd of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, in Gracechurch-street ; I was walking towards the Spread Eagle, where I lodge. Three men in contract met me; the prisoner shoved me with his hand in the breast, and at the very instant took my watch from my pocket, which I felt; I immediately endeavoured to take hold of him, but the other two jumped in before me. I holloed out stop thief; the two others absconded; I followed the prisoner, calling out stop thief; he ran down the street towards London bridge. Several people in the street endeavoured to stop him; he turned, and ran the other way; I never lost sight of the prisoner all the time, except when a coach stood in the way; he was one side of the coach, and I of the other; he fell down, and the constable laid hold of him. I said this man has stolen my watch; he was taken into a house, the constable there searched him; he immediately said you are mistaken in the man, I did not steal the watch, I was running, calling out stop thief. After some search, the constable said, I feel something like a watch; I said I will give you the description of it. I gave the description; the watch exactly corresponded with the description I gave. The watch was found upon the prisoner.
I am an officer. On Saturday, April the 22nd, I was in Gracechurch-street, I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner run across the road, he turned back; I took hold of him, and took him into a public house; I searched him, and found the watch between the lining of his breeches, under the ham.
I am innocent of taking the watch I am accused of, the same being given me in the following manner; I was accosted by two men who said they were going to walk for a wager, they told me to take the watch to tell the time. I am now sixteen years of age, and should I be so unfortunate as to be found guilty most humbly beg the clemency of the court to order me on board one of his Majesty's ships of war.
. Are you sure the prisoner is the person that took the watch from you
I swear that he is the person that took the watch from me.
