- I am a shoemaker , No. 43, Bantrer-street : On the 4th of December, about eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked me if I sold partens; I said, yes; he produced a woman's shoe, and said, he wanted a pair to fit it; I fitted a pair, which he paid for, and asked me if I had any shoes that would fit him; I tried several pair, but none would fit; he said he would come another time and went away; on putting the shoes up, I missed a pair of shoes, and suspected the person who had bought the pattens; the prisoner had asked me, before he went away, if I would change the pattens if they would not do; I said I would; accordingly he came back again, and said, they must be for a heeled shoe; I told him I had lost a pair of shoes, and suspected him; he said he was sorry for it, but never was guilty of any thing of the kind, and if I was not satisfied, he would take me to his lodgings; I sent for an officer, who searched him, but no property of mine was found on him; the constable took him to the watch-house, and then he told the constable where he lived; we went to his lodgings, and the pair of shoes were the first thing the constable clapped his hand upon, which I knew to be of my manufactory; the prisoner said he had bought them at half past six in the evening in my shop; I had sold several pair of the same sort in the morning, and missed a pair about ten minutes after the prisoner was gone.
You knew his wife was ill?
Yes; she had just lain-in.
How long before the prisoner came to buy the pattens, had you seen that particular pair of shoes?
I cannot say; several pair of such shoes had been sold in the course of the day; nobody serves but myself and my wife.
Then you cannot say but the shoes were sold in the former part of the day?
No.
He readily told you where he lived, and his right name?
Yes.
Were the shoes concealed?
No.(The shoes were produced by the constable, and identified by the prosecutor.)
I bought the shoes of the prosecutor in his shop at six o'clock that evening; he served me himself.
(To Elliott.) Is that true?
I cannot say; I don't take such notice of every customer, who perhaps I never saw before, to say I should know them again; I enquired about the prisoner's character in the neighbourhood, and received a most undeniable one.
