On the 5th of November, the prisoner came to my shop for work; I was at home at tea; I was called down, and in consequence of what the shopman told me, I desired him to go after the prisoner, which he did, and brought her back; he had given her some work, which she had tied up in a bundle; I then listed up her cloak, and saw a blue jacket under her arm; I then took her to the office in Hatton-garden, and from there to her father's house; though he says it is not his child, he always passed for her father; I asked him if he had any objection to our looking round the place; he said he had none; we went into a back room, where he worked; the officer opened one of the drawers, and there found upwards of forty duplicates; we took him into custody, and he is now in prison.
I am an officer belonging to Hatton-garden: On the 5th of November, the prosecutor brought this girl to our office; I took her into custody; I then went with Mr. Rigden to the girl's father, Mr. Poynder, in Portpool-lane; I went into the back room where he was at work; I said, is your name Poynder; he said, yes; I asked him if he was the landlord of the house; he said, yes, he was; I asked him if he had any objection to my looking over it; he said, no; I went into his work-shop, and looked in some drawers, and found a great number of duplicates, (produces them) some of them relate to the other things in this indictment.
- I am a pawnbroker in Portpool-lane, (produces a waistcoat) I received a waistcoat on the 2d of May from a man; it was pledged in the name of Thomas Jenkins .
Did you ever see the child at the bar, in your shop?
No.
I am servant to a pawnbroker, No. 38, Baldwin's-gardens.
Look at these duplicates?
There are four of them mine; the 31st of July, a waistcoat-piece and a pair of trowsers; the 1st of August, a waistcoat-piece; the 15th of August, a waistcoat-piece; and on the 6th of September, another waistcoat-piece; they were all pledged by a woman of the name of Mary Jones; I know her as a person using the shop.
- I am servant to John Hewitt , pawnbroker, Eyre-street-hill.
Look at these duplicates?
Here is one of ours, dated the 26th of April, of a waistcoat, and two pair of drawers; they were pledged by a child about twelve years of age.
Was it the prisoner?
No, it was not.(Produces them).
I am servant to a pawnbroker.
Look at these duplicates?
Here is one of ours, dated the 7th of October, for two coats; they were pledged by a man.
I am shopman to Mr. Rigden: On the evening of the 5th of November, about six o'clock, the prisoner at the bar came to our shop, and brought home a waistcoat that her father had made; I gave her another for her father to make; she tied it in a handkerchief; while I was entering it in the book, and was going out of the door, I stepped into the cutting-room adjoining the shop, to speak to the foreman; in coming back, I saw the child at the end of the shop, where she had no business; she then went out at the door, and I perceived, as she stooped to open the door, that she had something under her cloak; I sent for my master, and he ordered me to fetch her back, which I did; I told her we had something else to make, and brought her back with me; I gave her another waistcoat, which she tied up in her bundle; Mr. Regden then went round the counter, and lifted up her cloak, and took from under her arm a blue cloth jacket; he then took her to the Police-office.
What is the value of that?
About nine shillings.
Would you give nine shillings for it?
Yes; more than that. (Produces it).
Was the foreman in a situation to see what passed in the shop?
No, he could not; there was nobody in the shop but me and her, till after I fetched her back.
Did the prisoner say any thing when you took it from her?
She did not speak for a few minutes, and then began to beg for mercy; she said it was the first time, and she would do so no more.
I have nothing to say.
The prisoner is a daughter of my husband's sister; she is not the daughter of Poynder; her mother left her husband some years ago, and went to cohabit with Poynder, and she lived with them.
How old is she?
Eleven years and a fortnight.
Do you know much of her conduct in that family?
No. GUILTY of stealing goods, value 4s. aged 11. - Fined 1s. and discharged.
