Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer to the sheriff of Surry , the prisoner was my servant, I gave him 14 s. a week, besides other monies he got under me. On the 16th of February I gave the prisoner a bill of exchange (accepted by Mr. Davis), to go to Mr. Davis, John-street, Edgware Road, to receive the money; I did not see him after that time for three or four days, he was then in custody in Whitechaple watchhouse.
Had you any conversation with the prisoner.
Yes, I asked him what he had done with my money, he told me that he got drunk and went into a coach with a w - e, and he was robbed of some of it by her; I asked him what became of the other part, he said he had lost that amongst them; he desired me not to prosecute him, I told him I should do it.
Mr. Benton, what are you.
I am a sheriff's officer.
The prisoner had been some time employed by you as your assistant as sheriff's officer.
He had.
You mean what is commonly termed a bailiff's follower.
Yes, to go with me to make arrests.
You gave him fourteen shillings a week, and he had a fee to every caption, half a crown was it not.
Yes.
When did you give the bill to the prisoner.
On the 16th of February.
When was the day you found him in the watch-house.
About the 19th.
Do you mean to speak that the 16th was the first time that you gave him the note.
No, I gave it him some days after it was due.
It must be due on the 28th of January last.
After it became due I gave it to him to get the money; I had endorsed it before it came due.
Who presented the bill.
I believe I went down and delivered it myself.
Do not you know whether you went or not; do you know whether you are awake now or not.
Yes, I did, I was not paid then; I endorsed it for the purpose of paying it away to my son, he is an attorney, I told him he might get it.
And yet he did not present it but you.
Yes.
Upon his telling you that he had lost the money, you threatened to prosecute him,
To be sure I did; he sent me a letter on the over-night.
That drew you to the cage; he sent a letter to you, informing you that he had been robbed of some part of it by a woman in a coach, and the other part by some w - s where he got drunk.
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I live in John-street; Edgware Road.
Did the prisoner at the bar come to you on Sunday the 16th of February.
Yes, he presented to me a bill, drawn upon my brother, payable at my house, I took him into my accompting house, and gave him two ten pound notes and two five pound notes; the bill with the interest is twenty-seven pounds ten shillings, he told me that he had not the change, if I would trust him with the five pound note he would get me change, he went out and returned with the change; I am sure he is the person, he said that he came from Mr. Benton for it; I produce the receipt he gave me.
(to prosecutor) Is that the bill that you gave the prisoner, with directions to go and get the money.
It is.
Did he ever pay that money to you.
Never.
What are you.
I keep the Yorkshire Grey public house, Whitechapel. The prisoner came to my house between eleven and twelve o'clock at night (I cannot recollect the night) in a coach, accompanied by a woman, which I afterwards found to be of bad character; he asked for a glass of brandy, which he drank, he appeared to be the worse for liquor; he then asked me leave to sit in the bar, and to boil three or four eggs for him, he said he had been drinking, it would do him good; he staid in my house about an hour and a half.
Did he drink any thing more in your house.
Part of a shillingsworth of brandy and water, I drank some and the woman drank some; after the eggs were eat and the brandy and water drank, he fell asleep, I was busy serving, the woman went out privately while I was serving my customers, and she never returned; I awoke him after she was gone, and asked him whether he knew this woman, he said no, he put his hand in his pocket and said he had been robbed, and he had lost near all his money.
Had you any opportunity of seeing before that he had any property about him.
I saw some notes when he first came into the bar.
Did you recommend him to an officer of the name of Langhurst.
Yes, they went and searched for the woman and found her in Carter-street, Tooley-street; the next morning, about half after five o'clock, she was searched and nothing was found but a silver pencil case belonging to the prisoner.
The result was the woman was taken and examined at the office and was discharged.
Yes, the woman said he made her a present of it.
