I live in Conduit-street , I am partner to Mr. John Williams , we are tailors ; the prisoner at the bar about three months ago made application to Mr. Williams, and likewise to myself, to get him a situation as a porter or clerk to a woolen draper, he generally used to call every other day to see if we had got a situation for him among our tradespeople; during the time he called we missed a great many things, it continued on till the 3d of June, I saw him in the custody of an officer when I came home, and the property was in the possession of the officer, that property belonged to me and my partner; it was sent to us to make up, and we had to pay for it if lost.
You have known this man for many years.
I cannot say that I know him, I have seen him about twelve years ago at Brighton.
Do you not know that this man was out of his mind.
Never.
I am clerk to Mr. Armour and Williams.
Do you remember the prisoner coming to your cutting-room frequently.
Yes, he applied for a situation; he has been in the habit of coming two or three months. On the 3d of June he was in the cutting-room, as I thought, with a piece of nankeen under his coat. I was talking to a gentleman that came in on business; as the gentleman was going out I turned round, and I saw him take up a small end of linen. I asked him what he was going to do with that? he replied, he wanted a little piece to face a waistcoat. I told him I was surprised at his doing such a thing in that house, for if he had asked for such a thing, I was sure he would have it given him. I then asked him what he had got under his coat, for I saw it below the lappel; he told me that was a piece of nankeen he had bought coming along, upon which I took it from him, and I looked at it. I saw it was the property of a gentleman who had sent it to be made up. I told him I could swear to the property. He then told me he was very sorry he had taken it, and begged me to let him go in consideration of his family. I told him I should acquaint Mr. Williams of it; he offered to come by me; I stopped him, and locked him in the room. I took the nankeen in my hand, and went up to Mr. Williams and shewed it him; an officer was then sent for.
I am foreman to Messrs. Armour and Williams; I can only speak to the property.
Do you live with Messrs. Armour and Williams,
I do.
Were you present when the prisoner was apprehended.
On the 3d of June, between ten and eleven o'clock I let the prisoner in at the street door; about an hour afterwards hearing a noise in the cutting-room I went in there, I saw the witness Cook coming out of the cutting-room with a piece of nankeen in his hand, I entered the cutting-room, and I perceived a pound of thread sticking up in the prisoner's coat pocket.
Was it visible to the eye before you searched him.
Yes, it was about two inches out of his pocket; suspecting that he had something else about him I watched him narrowly, he turned his back to the table and took out the pound of thread and a gross of buttons and laid them on the table; I was sent to Marlborough street for an officer.
