I live in the parish of Harrow .
Do you know the prisoner Martin
Yes; he has been employed as a labourer by me for some years; he lived about a mile from me. On the morning of the 27th, from information of my servant, I discovered that the bars of the window of the larder had been broken, and that the wirework of the window inside was forced open; the bars were the external security.
Describe the situation of the larder with reference to the house
The larder is not under the roof of the house, the situation of the larder is beyond the wood house; the wood house is between the larder and the passage, they all adjoin; you go through a covered passage, by the side of the wood house, to the larder, and the larder adjoins the wood house; the roofs are connected.
But the roofs of the wood house and the larder are not connected
No; but the wall of the house is the support of one side of the roof of the passage, and on the farther end of the passage is the wood house; on the opposite side there is a small yard; on one side is the house, on the other is the wood house, and on the opposite side is the larder.
Going out of the house you go into the passage
No, we go into a small yard, and directly opposite the door that goes to the servants hall is the larder: in the yard, on turning to the left, you go into a passage, and on the right hand of that passage is the wood house, and on the left hand is the house.
How does the larder stand with respect to the wood house
The corner of the larder is joined to the corner of the wood house, and the wood house adjoins the dwelling house, and they all make a fence to the yard.
It is all completely your house
It is.
You do not know any thing of the meat that was deposited in your larder
I do not.
You are Mr. Hamilton's cook
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner
I know him by sight; he worked for my master.
Had you seen the larder secure on the night of the 26th of November
Yes, I had fastened it up myself at nine o'clock that night, I locked the larder door and hung the key up in the kitchen; I went to the larder the next morning by seven o'clock; I found the key where I had left it the over night.
In what state was the larder on that morning
The window had been broken open and a considerable quantity of meat had been taken away. There was a flitch of bacon and two hams, and one pig's face, which I had cut in two, and another half of a face, which was cut in a different way, a round of beef, an aitchbone of beef, a clod of beef, and some cheese and butter; they were all taken out of the larder.
Are you sure that all these things that you have named were in the larder at the time you made it secure
I am confident of it; I informed the butler, and my master was informed of it.
When did you see any of this meat afterwards
I saw it on the Monday afterwards at Marlborough street office; I am sure it is my master's property.
On the 27th of November, in the morning, between seven and eight o'clock, I went to Mr. Hamilton's house; there were traces of footsteps backwards and forwards at Mr. Hamilton's house; in consequence of tracing these footsteps I went to the prisoner's house; I saw his wife first; she called her husband; I told Martin I had come to search his house on suspicion of some things stolen from his master. I went into the kitchen and the bedroom, I found no property there; on my coming out of the door of the bed room down stairs I saw a stair case; I said, this I suppose belongs to you, I must go up and see; she says, you need not go up there, we never put any thing there; I said it did not signify, I must go up there; the prisoner was close by. I went up stairs directly, I called the groom, John Bayliss , to come up; the first thing I saw was a large quantity of potatoes; it was a store room, there were two hams and a side of bacon, it was pork meant for bacon, it was all put in pickle, a pig's head cut in two pieces, a round of beef, an aitchbone, and a clod; they were in two dirty bags, they stood close by one another, covered with nothing, nor yet tied. After I secured the prisoner I took the meat to a man at the next house, his name is Martin. When the prisoner was apprehended he owned he did it.
Did you tell the prisoner, or give him any reason to believe, it would be the better or the worse for him if he confessed
I did. I fetched him out of the road; he was going away; I gave him in charge. I said, now Martin, if there is any more concerned, tell us; he said, there is nobody but myself. I left the goods in Martin's house; the groom took them to the magistrate.
I know nothing at all about it.
