I am a soap manufacturer and perfumer , No. 179. Shoreditch, the prisoner was my servant ; in consequence of some information that I received on Friday last, the 28th of November, I went to the apartments of the prisoner, in Petty's-court, Holywell-lane, about four hundred yards from my house; I found these two cakes of yellow soap, a piece of violet soap, a little bag of hair-powder, some starch, and five other small pieces of soap; Harper the officer was with me.
Do you believe these articles to be your property?
I do.
Was the prisoner in your service on that day?
Yes he was, and had been at work in the morning; when I come back, I found him in the manufactory up stairs, in the powder-room, and gave charge of him to Mr. Harper; I told him, I gave him in charge because of the soap that I had found in his apartment; in his way to Worship-street, he said, the soap that I found in his apartments was given him.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street; I went with Mr. Jones to search the prisoner's apartments, last Friday, (produces the property;) I found it upon a shelf in the cupboard; I then went to the manufactory, and took charge of the prisoner.
Recollect, that you are sworn to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth- you were the apprentice of Mr. Jones, were you not?
Yes, the prisoner worked for Mr. Jones.
Do you know any thing of his having taken any soap, hair powder, or starch?
No.
You are now in the care of a person from the house of correction?
Yes.
Have you been taken into Newgate to see either this prisoner, or any other prisoner, against whom you are intended to give evidence, since you have been in custody?
No, I have not seen either of them, or spoke to them.
Look at that soap?
This yellow soap is of my manufacture; I can only speak of it by the quality; one boiling of soap differs very much from another; I have made but four boilings since last March, and if I was to see any of either of the boilings, I could pick them out separately; this cake of violet-soap was manufactured in my house, and never was sold, to the best of my knowledge.
Will you swear it was never sold?
I cannot say, we sell so many things.
Did you never sell any of that soap to the prisoner at the bar?
No; here is a wash-ball which is unfinished, and is of my manufacture, that never was sold, I can swear it was made in my house.
Last Monday was a week, Thomas Rolls brought eight cakes of soap, and wanted me to take it away, and I said I would not have it, for I did not know what to do with it.
You hear what the prisoner says?
It is all false; I brought out four cakes that he and his brother asked me for, and his brother took it away.
Look at the wash-ball; did you take that and deliver either to the prisoner or his brother?
No, I did not; I took these two cakes of yellow soap from the cutting-room, and delivered them to his brother; the prisoner was in the cutting-room at the time I took them out; he told me his brother was over in the vat-room; he saw me take it out.
Did I not tell you not to take them out?
No, you did not.
I desired Rolls not to take the soap out; he said his mistress had been terrifying him, and said he was as bad as the man; he said his master was better, and had offered him a guinea, if he could defect any of the men.
(To Rolls). Is that true?
No, it is all false. NOT GUILTY .
