I am cooper and hoop-bender , I live at No. 17, Walbrook, and have a cooperage at Dowgate-hill , of which the prisoner was my foreman .
In your indictment there are a number of charges, are they all on one day?
They are on different days.
Then the person who drew up this indictment ought not to put them all in one charge, because the prisoner does not know how to defend himself, therefore, we suffer no more than one transaction in one indictment; if you can separate one, which you please, you have the choice of all the different articles; the one you can best bring home to the prisoner?
I will take the 11 s. 3 d. - the 6 s. 3 d. and 5 s. were both on the 23d of January.
I am clerk to Messrs. Deschamps: in consequence of an application from Mr. Wilkinson I sent Paul Elliot and one of our porters for a cask and two bundles of hoops.
I am foreman to Messrs. Deschamps; I was desired by Mr. Jones to go down to the cooperage, to purchase a cask of 5 cwt. tierce, and I was to say it was for myself; I bought it of the prisoner at the bar, and gave him a seven-shilling piece for it, and received from him 2 s. in change.
I work at Mr. Deschamps: I went by the order of that man to buy some hoops of the prisoner; I bought two bundles of hoops of him on the 23d of January, for 6 s. 3 d. I took them to Mr. Deschamps' warehouse; I did not know any thing of the secret before I went to my Lord Mayor.
I am clerk to Mr. Wilkinson: It was the duty of the prisoner to pay the money he received to me, and from the book it does not appear that he has paid me any.
This book is the prisoner's hand-writing?
Yes.
Did you see the prisoner on the evening of the 23d?
I cannot recollect that.
Did you see him on Thursday morning?
I did.
Did you receive any money for the day before?
I did not; he was taken up on the Thursday.
Did he account to you for it?
He did not.
I am charged with an intent to defraud; I did not mean to defraud; I meant to make the money good on Saturday night when I received my wages.
We wish to know whether there was a rule for him to pay what he received on a Saturday night?
No, what he received one day he was to account for on the next day to the clerk.
