I am mate of the Eagle Excise cutter, stationed at Plymouth: On the 10th of December , we landed at Wilcove; across the fields, that led to the turnpike road, to Tar-point , about a quarter before twelve o'clock, I heard some horses coming along the road, and we dispersed along the hedge.
Who were with you?
There were with me, Thomas Amos , William Chubb, and another; when they came up, we perceived that they had got kegs upon the horses. containing about seven gailons and a half, or three quarters, they are called ankers; I suppose there might he about twenty-five of thirty horses.
Were there as many men as horses?
I believe there were; they came over from Guernsey in slings, and so they sling them across, the horses' backs; we came out of the hedge.
Are you a commissioned officer of Excise?
I am, and the men that were acting in my assistance; we told them we should seize them in the King's name; but seeing so many of them, I thought it imprudent to seize the horses, and I told them to cut the kegs off as fast as they could, and go about their business; we got them into the hedge to the number of fifty or sixty, or thereabouts; and then there was a man came up from Tar-point, on horseback, who said to the smugglers, you ought to be d-d to suffer them to be taken by four men when you are so many; he told them to bring the horses back, and load them again: the smugglers began to be very resolute, and said, we could not expect to have the whole, and desired us to take half; I told them I would do no such thing. I would have the whole, or else I would luse my life; we had put the broad arrow upon most of them, some with chalk, and some with my knife, and the rest of the people also; I told them the hazard they were running in breaking the law, and wresting them from us; they d-d the law, and said they did not care any thing for the law, they would have a law of their own, or else another law, or to that purpose; then they began to be very abrupt, and beat us with sticks, and whips; while we were running after some of them, the rest would go to the heap and take some more, and so they did several times; they were joined by a vast number of people in sailors' clothes, which we supposed were the boat-men that were to carry these casks over the river; they beat me very much, and knocked me down, till I was senseless; they beat me all over the body, arms, and every where.
Look at the man at the bar, have you any recollection of his being there?
I do not recollect him; they got the goods from us; when I got up, there were about a dozen or thirteen remaining of all the kegs, we were unable to resist any more; one of the sailors said, you shall have six. and if you are not content with that six, we will take them, and murder you afterwards; they put six on one side for us, and took all the rest; they consisted of brandy, and rum, and gin; after they had said we should have but six, one man said we should have but five, and they took one away, and threw it over the hedge, we found it afterwards; I was present when the prisoner was taken, about five o'clock the next morning, about a mile and a quarter from the spot, he was in Tarpoint town; I took him up upon the information of another man; he was standing in the street, holding a horse by the collar.
Do you know what sort of saddle, or furniture, that horse had?
No.
If this prisoner had been one of the persons who used violent expressions you would have known him again?
I do not know but I might; I thought, when I saw him the next day, that I had seen him amongst the mob.
What time was it that this affair happened?
About twelve o'clock at night.
It was dark, perhaps?
It was not very dark, there was a moon in the sky.
And, perhaps, some clouds in the sky?
Yes; it was a cloudy moon.
I am a boat-man, in the Excise.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; he was among the smugglers the night they refuced the goods from us, after Mr. Walters had taken them; he took some kegs from the pile; I went after him, and desired him to put it down; he told me he would not; I told him if he did not I would blow his brains out; then he put his hands to my breast, and shoved me off.
Still you, like a good man, reserved your five?
Yes; I saw him several times in the stay; I was knocked down several times.
Did you fire at all?
No; I had no pistol.
Were you the person that told Walters the prisoner was one of them?
Yes; I saw him several times in the fray; I saw him with a cut in his head, Amos cut him; I heard him say, several times, to the smugglers, that one of our people had cut his head.
It was a dark night?
No; a very light night indeed.
You and your master do not agree, he said it was a very dark night?
He said it was a cloudy moon.
I am one of the crew of the Eagle. assisting the officers.
Look at the prisoner, was he in the fray that night?
Yes.
Tell my Lord, and the Jury, what you saw him do?
I met him first in the road, I told him to stop and take the kegs off, in the King's name, he was on foot, leading the horse; he would not take them off; I told him several times to take them off, still he would not; at last he listed up a stick, and I cut him on the head with a cutlass; I then took the kegs off the horse; I then assisted to take the kegs off the other horse; about a quarter of an hour afterwards he came back with them, and said, that is the rescal that cut me.
Have you any doubt in your mind that that is the man?
I have no doubt of it; I saw him with the blood running down his face.
Did you see him the next morning - in what state was he then?
His hair was all clotted with blood; I asked him to have some brandy to wash his head with, but he would not.(Mr. Gurney addressed the Jury in behalf of the desendant). GUILTY .
