You married the daughter of the prisoner?
I did.
How long have you been married to her?
Rather more than eight years.
Where did the prisoner live?
In Wheeler-street, almost opposite Flower-de-luce-court, I do not rightly know the number.
What part of the house did he lodge at?
The top room of the house.
Who lived with him there?
His wife and the deceased, but the wife had separated from him the day before this transaction happened; there was no other person that lived with him, excepting the child Sally, the deceased; there had been a daughter-in-law, but not at this time.
What was the prisoner?
A weaver .
Was Sally employed in the branch in which the father was engaged, in quilling?
She was.
On the 18th of December, the day of this transaction, what time of the day did you first see Mitchell?
About nine o'clock in the morning.
What time of the day did you first see Sally?
About half past twelve, as near as I can recollect.
That was when she was dead?
It was.
You have said you saw Mitchell about nine, how soon after did you see him again?
Not till night; I heard him on the stairs, as near as I can recollect, about ten; he was coming up to my apartment, at my house in Hare-street.
You did not see him in his house?
No, not at that time; I saw him on the stairs of my house at ten o'clock at night.
How long was Mitchell with you when you saw him at your house?
I do not imagine that he was with me more than ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour.
Did any thing pass relative to this business during the time he was with you?
No.
How soon in the day, on the 18th of December, did you go to the lodgings of the prisoner?
About half past twelve.
How came you to go there at half past twelve?
I had been to my master's warehouse with my work; on my returning, I went up to their apartment, knowing they had been separated the day before, and when I came into the place, I was so shocked, I cannot tell hardly whether the door was shut or open, I saw the deceased lying in her blood.
Seeing her lie in her blood, how did it appear to you?
I cannot say that I saw any thing more than the child lying in her blood.
Did you see any wound?
I did not see any wound.
Were any of her clothes lying about the room?
They seemed to be all on as far as I observed.
Now when you observed this poor girl Sally lying in the wretched state in which she then was, what did you do?
I went down to the next floor to a woman that lived in the two-pair of stairs room.
Her name is Nicholls?
So I have understood since, I acquainted her with it; I had some of my master's property about me, and that I carried home.
After speaking to Mrs. Nicholls, did you see the child again or Mitchell on that day?
I did not see Mitchell again, but I saw Sally, the child, again; I returned back to the house.
When you returned back again, did you go up stairs to the prisoner's room?
Yes.
The first time that you saw the child, did she appear to you to be dead?
I could observe nothing else.
When you went up the second time, you saw Kennedy, the officer, there?
Yes, and I went with him to the Office.
Did you observe the second time the state of the poor girl?
I did not.
When did you see the prisoner again?
Not till night, about ten o'clock; I saw him in the room under my room at my lodgings.
Tell us what passed between you and the prisoner when you saw him?
I did not say a word, only that he should not come into my apartment.
Do you lodge at No. 24, Wheeler-street, Spitalfields?
Yes.
That is the same house in which the prisoner lodged in the garret?
Yes.
What part of the house did you occupy?
The two-pair of stairs room.
Were you at home on the 18th of December?
Yes.
You remember Godby coming to you, and giving you some information?
Yes.
Before he came to you, had you seen Mitchell in the morning?
Yes, I heard him about half past eleven o'clock; I went out to market, and when I returned he asked me what it was o'clock.
Where was he at the time he asked you what o'clock it was?
In his own room; I did not see him, I only heard his voice.
Had you seen the girl?
No, I only heard her go up.
What time did you hear the girl Sally go up?
After school-time, after twelve o'clock, she went to a charity-school, in Spitalfields; I heard her go up stairs.
How do you know it was the child?
Only by the step, as usual.
Whether you knew that on the day before the woman had separated from her husband?
Yes.
Did you see or hear her there on Tuesday?
Yes, she had a light of me before eleven o'clock to light her fire.
You heard a step of a child, you supposed it was Sally going up the stairs?
Yes.
After you heard Sally go up stairs to her father, when they were in the room did you hear any noise?
I heard the quill-wheel go, and I heard the man weaving, I heard the noise of the loom.
How long was it after you heard the girl, as you supposed, at the quill-wheel, and the man weaving, that Godby came in?
Not above half an hour, as I supposed.
When Godby came to you, he gave you some information, and you went up stairs?
Yes.
Had you heard any body go down stairs before Godby came to you?
Before Godby came, I thought I heard a woman go down stairs, and I thought I heard a man's foot; I saw neither of them, I did not open the door.
Did you hear any thing else before Godby came?
No, a man knocked at my door, I asked who was there.
It turned out to be Godby?
Yes, he went up with me; I stood upon the top of the stairs, I was afraid to go any farther, I saw the child lying in her gore of blood.
Did you observe at that time, or any future time, the wound?
No; I called out, murder! to Mr. Byron, my landlord, he came up, but I was afraid to go any further.
You are the landlord of the house, No. 24, Wheeler-street, Spitalfields ?
I was at that time, but I have removed since.
The prisoner occupied the garret?
He did.
I suppose you know no more of it, than you saw the state in which the deceased lay?
I went up stairs, and took the child by the hand; I immediately put my feet across the body and lifted her up by the waist, and her head went one way, and the gash appeared to me.
Did you observe any thing else?
I then gave the alarm that her throat was cut, and desired some persons to go for a surgeon, and for the father, who, I supposed, was at the Elder-tree public-house, just by; I then looked round the room to see if I could observe any instrument, but I could not observe any; I then saw the quill-wheel all bloody, and a track of blood to the body; I left the child in the same situation I found her, with her head towards the door, and her feet towards the fire, her cap was lying on the ground by her, and was all over blood; and she and I were all over blood.
You say you did not observe any razor at that time?
No, nor any other; I know no more about it.
What are you?
I am a journeyman broad-silk weaver.
You know the prisoner?
Yes; eighteen years back.
Did you see him on the 18th of December, between the hours of twelve and one?
Yes; he came to my apartment, No. 26, Skinner-street, Shoreditch.
How far is that from Wheeler-street?
About a furlong.
Tell us what passed between you, distinctly?
I was at work; he knocked at the door, I let him in; he asked me to come down stairs with him, he had something particular to communicate to me; I pointed out to him the inconveniency of leaving my work, and absolutely refused to go unless he would tell me his business; he rejoined, something had happened that day that had never happened before, he should go to Newgate; seeing him in that violent purturbation I reluctantly left my work, anxious to know the cause of it; he went down stairs, and I went down soon after, and found him at the street-door, we went about fifty yards from our door, and with a countenance full of grief he turned round to me, and said, Ned, I shall die; I asked him what was the matter with him, or what had happened, thinking there might be a degree of illness about him: he said, directly, I have killed my Sally; I asked him if the child was dead; he said, yes, I have cut her head half off. It was a severe cold morning, and he shivered with cold, and desired me to go into a public-house that he might warm himself, and have something to drink; I went with him into the first public-house we came to, which was the Cock and Magpie, in Worship-street; we had a pot of beer, he called for it, and a pipe of tobacco, the landlord filled him a pipe with tobacco; there were three men and a woman, strangers entirely to me, in the tap-room; he said, sit down, I have something to say to you; seeing them strangers I thought it imprudent to speak before them, desiring him, at the same time, if he had any thing to say to me not to say it there; we might be a quarter of an hour there probably, in that place.
Then he did not say any thing there?
No; then we went out, and he resumed the discourse; I asked him what he was going to do, and what he meant to do with himself; he said he was going to Sun-Tavern-fields, Wapping, to see two friends of his, who were rope-makers, who would, when he was in prison, allow him a shilling or two; he then asked me when the Sessions would begin, I told him; he said, he should give himself up to Justice, and suffer, with this remark, - what odds will it make to me if they cut me into a thousand pieces, when I go hundreds will go at the same minute; I told him he should not have killed his child; he looked me in the face, and said, I know that, do not you retort on me now, it is done; I accompanied him as far nearly as Whitechapel church, and then shewed him the necessity of my returning to my business, I shook him by the hand, and saw him no more till I saw him at the office before the Magistrate; when the Magistrate sent for me, I gave the same account then, nearly, as I have given now.
You are a watchman?
Yes; of Bethnall-green.
Did you apprehend the prisoner?
Yes; two men came to our watch-house, and gave information that he was in our street at his daughter's; I went there and apprehended him, and brought him to Bethnal-green watch-house.
Did he say any thing to you?
As soon as I saw the man, he said he was the man that was guilty of the murder, and resigned himself up; I delivered him up to the officer of Spitalfields.
You are a police-officer of Worship-street, - what do you know about this business?
On Tuesday the 18th of December, about one o'clock in the afternoon, I received information that the prisoner was in Hare-street, at his daughter's; I went, in company with Bishop, a brother officer, to No. 24, Wheeler-street; I went up into the garret of that house, and there I saw the body of the deceased, lying with her head towards the door, about two feet from the door, with no cap on, and her throat cut across all the arteries, and cut through the wind-pipe, she was done bleeding, the blood was warm lying on the floor; I looked round just by the fire-place, I saw the quill-wheel, and on the block of that wheel was a quantity of blood, and there was a track of blood from the wheel to where the body laid, which might be about a yard; there was a low stool close by the wheel, where a person might be sitting down to work at the wheel; a razor was lying on the ground close by the side of that wheel, and there I got this razor, covered with fresh blood; between the wheel and the body of the child I found this cap, it had fell from her head, it is stained with blood, I saw there was no prospect of restoring life; I enquired if there was any one there belonging to the child, the room was full of people; I then, with the assistance of Bishop, put them out of the room, as there was property in the room belonging to the master of the prisoner; I took Godby and Byron to the Magistrate; we were all that day, and all that night searching after him, till about twelve o'clock at night; Armstrong, Mason, Bishop, and I, were together, we received information then that he was in custody, and was in Spitalfields watch-house, we went there to satisfy ourselves; when we went into the watch-house, the prisoner was sitting by the watch-house fire, he turned his head round and saw me, he said, Kennedy, I have given you some trouble to-day; Armstrong said to him, what do you mean by that; he answered, in searching after me; Armstrong then said to him, is your name Mitchell; he said, it is.
Did you know him?
I had seen him before; I have known him for these five or six years. Armstrong said, I have seen a razor and a cap today in the possession of Kennedy; do you know you are charged with killing your daughter, and the razor and cap was found in your room; he then answered, with that razor I have often shaved myself, and with that razor I committed the horrid deed; Mr. Armstrong gave the warrant to the officer of the night, and left him in the watch-house; there were no signs of blood about him at that time.
I would ask you whether, at the time you saw the prisoner, you observed any thing about his person?
I forgot to mention that when I was at the public-house, I observed on two of his fingers on one of his hands, a small quantity of blood.
How much do you think?
Very trifling, not more than would come from the prick of a pin.
You are one of the Magistrates for the County of Middlesex, and a Police Magistrate for Worship-street?
I am.
The prisoner was brought before you to be examined?
He was, on Wednesday the 19th of December.
Was the prisoner called upon, after you had examined the evidence against him, to know what he had to say?
He was.
Did he say any thing before you?
He did; we took that down in writing.
Before you took any thing down in writing from the prisoner giving his account of it, did you caution him with respect to what he should say?
I told him the consequence in every point of view, and the use it would be made of after he had signed it, I repeated it several times; and after it was read over to him, he said, it was true what he had signed.
Did the prisoner sign it in your presence?
He did.
Look at that paper, and tell me whether that is the confession that you saw him sign?
It is; I wrote it myself.
My Lord and Gentlemen, I stand here before you a horrid spectacle of misery, of guilt, and of disgrace. I will endeavour to be as collected in my reason as possible, though unhappily for me, at certain times and seasons, I am particularly under heavy pressures of mind, which my wife well knows, and was well aware of it. That I have committed the horrid deed laid to my charge, I have no wish to deny, any more than I have to avoid the dreadful punishment that awaits my guilt, to that I am resigned, nor was it my wish from the unfortunate moment of my crime, to evade justice; but that I committed the deed maliciously against my poor child, who was the victim of my fatal passion, I solemnly deny. I loved my child, and I hope no one will think it was done in malice. I solemnly declare it was not, in the presence of God, before whom I now stand, and before whom I must shortly appear, and whom I hope will direct you and guide you in your decision upon me in the course of this day; for malice I had none, I loved her most tenderly, and love to the child, wishing her not to be from me, strange and perverse as it may seem, is owing chiefly the sad cause that brings me here this day. I am married to a second wife, by whom this was our only daughter; we had long known each other before our marriage, when I was in better days; and when she and I were the wife and husband of others, I thought I could be happy with her, but I did not know the nature and temper of her family; I found afterwards the friends and family with which she was connected, thought her marriage to me degrading. As her family disliked the union, she knew me well, why did not she avoid having me. What has occurred was done through the height of passion and despair, as disputes and controversies had taken place between us for ten years, in which unhappily both were in fault too much so. Those disputes were often carried to a pitch of fury, and what still more exasperated me was, that those she called her friends, always sided with her whether right or wrong; and, what is still worse, they would put their hands to mischief; and many of them, I am sorry to say, were strenuous professors of religious principles. May the Lord forgive them and me, and take me to himself! Our disputes at last ended in a mutual agreement to separate, and the child I so tenderly loved was to go with her mother. This my unhappy temper and feeling could not bear, and led me to the fatal resolution that neither she nor I should have the child, by committing the horrid deed of putting an end to her life, in the manner I have done. I pray God Almighty to forgive me, and to direct you in it, and may this spectacle I now stand be a warning to those who form second marriages, if they meet with double families, to have more love to their duty than giving way to intemperate disputes that may lead them, as they have done me, to acts of desperation and vengeance beyond the controul of reason and reflection! If my wife was present, she could vouch and prove that it was impossible I could ever have deliberately executed such an act; she could vouch that my disposition is not cruel, and that my resolutions have always led me to the side of virtue; but as here I stand, in the presence of God, when unfortunately under agitations of mind or provocations of temper, I am not really the same man at all times, and my weakness, under such circumstances, when I have been under the most resolute purposes for good, have very frequently led me into excesses of frenzy. I have often felt it, and I have wondered at it; in cool moments it has often astonished me how I could do so. There was a circumstance that happened to me at one time; my own business failed me, it has often failed me, and I frequently, when I could get no work at my own business, used to strike out to out-door work; but once in particular when I could get no work, forced by distress to apply for relief at my parish-workhouse, there was something that disappointed me, I had come too late in the day, and because I was disappointed, I broke as many windows as cost the parish four pounds, and yet the parish-officers did not punish me, though they might. I have no more to to say, but I hope God will of his infinite mercy forgive me; I must die a spectacle of sin, disgrace, and horror.
There was a single point I have got to mention, which I wish my wife was here, she could attest the truth of what I am going to say; that when I have been the most resolute to good purposes, that frailty and weakness would often prevent it; she was well acquainted with my misery, I have been frequently so, as well as my mother, an old woman, that was sensible, and yet at times she would go the same way; she has often asked me to cut her hair, for unless her hair was kept cut in a particular close manner, her weakness was upon her so as it has been with me.
