I live in Poland-street, Westminster ; I keep a chandler's shop ; my house was broke open on Sunday, the 2d of December , between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; I was up stairs in the bed-room at the time; a little girl came across the way for a penny candle; she called me, and told me the shop-door was open; I came down stairs, and found the shop-door broke open.
How had they opened the shop-door?
They had got a false key, and opened the door.
No marks of violence?
No.
Were you the last person that had been at the door?
Yes.
How does the door fasten?
It has a thumb-latch and a lock, it only locks once; there is a key-hole outside of the door.
Are you sure you had locked that door?
Yes; I tried the door after I locked it; when I came down stairs, some of the things were laying about the shop; I applied to Mr. Bly, and told him what I had lost.
Did you find any of the property?
Yes; one of the tea canisters.
Of your own knowledge you have no reason to accuse this man?
No; I never saw the man before.
What did you lose?
Four canisters of tea, a large Cheshire cheese, almost a whole one, about half a tub of salt butter, and a large piece of bacon; there was one tea-canister found afterwards, and a piece of bacon.
You applied to Bly, and had this man taken up?
Yes.
How many men were taken up for this robbery?
There were two men taken up.
You are the wife of the last witness?
Yes.
What do you know of this business?
On the 2d of December my house was broke open; I can say no farther than I found some of the property on the person that Mr. Bly took.
You do not know any thing of your own knowledge?
When I came down stairs I found all the things gone.
I am an officer belonging to Queen-square; I received information of the robbery from the witness; there had been other robberies of a similar nature, which generally had taken place on a Sunday night; I had reason to suspect the prisoner had been concerned in some of these robberies. On Monday, the day after the robbery was committed, I took two assistants with me in the middle of the night to make a search; I went to a place called Pear-street, adjoining Duck-lane, Westminster, and searched several houses; at last I found the prisoner and another in bed together; he got out of the bed with his breeches on; the other person that was with him was a suspicious character; we took them both into custody; there lay a piece of bacon on the table, which he disowned knowing any thing of.
They both disowned the bacon?
Yes, and John Harp , that went with me, found a canister over the tester of the bed, the prisoner on his first examination, said the canister had been there a week in the room, and on his second examination, he said it had been there three weeks.
When you apprehended the two men, and took them into custody, what sort of a house was this; were there not a good many people that inhabited this house?
It is a house where the girls of the town live, and where the woman of the house was in custody at the time.
You found two men in bed together?
Yes, up stairs there were other lodgings that were let to two girls; the woman that inhabited that room was sent to Bridewell Precinct.
This room had been inhabited by a woman who was in custody?
Yes, it had been occupied by that woman who lived with Kemp; she had been in custody about three weeks, the prisoner told me so, and he said, he had been in possession of that room since that woman had been in custody.
I was in company with Bly and Raney: On the tester of the bed in the room where the prisoner was, I found this canister with some tea in it.
- I was in company with Bly and Harp; I know nothing more than what they have told. (The canister produced.)
(To the prosecutrix.) Look at that canister?
It is my canister; I know it by the mark inside of it, No. 4, and by a scratch made in it.
When was that mark made?
By the supervisor.
Perhaps he makes that mark wherever he goes?
No, sir, when he comes the first time he always marks it.
So he always does to every shop?
I know this is my canister.
From the appearance of it, as well as the marks, do you know it to be your canister?
Yes, I had it nine months last Lady-day; that canister was in my house and full of tea.
I was taken with that canister in the room, and I have people to come forward that will prove, that I have had that canister a twelvemonth; at the Office they asked them if they could swear to the canister, she said she could; they asked her what marks were on it; she said, no marks at all; they asked her particularly if there was any mark at the bottom; she said she was never so particular as to look; there is a mark and it is stamped; they asked her what tea was in the canister; she said it was full of green tea; when I was taken there were about four ounces of black and green tea; I will call a witness to prove that I have had this canister a twelvemonth.
I shall advise you to let the case stand where it does.
