I am a cloaths man ; I live at No. 3, St. Catherine's-lane ; between eight and ten o'clock my house was broke open; I missed a pair of metal candlesticks, a metal pestle and mortar, a Japan tea-board, seven children's shifts, six clouts, two remnants of cambric, a remnant of lace, two children's caps, a pair of nankeen trowers, a pair of duck trowsers, and a duck jacket; I had seen them about six o'clock in the evening; the two pair of trowsers and the jacket were in the parlour, the rest were in the kitchen; some of them were tied up in bundles upon a bureau bedstead in the kitchen; one candlestick was upon the shelf, and the other upon the table, and the pestle and mortar was upon the shelf, and the tea-board was upon the table; I went out and padlocked the door.
Who lives in the house with you?
My wife, and myself, and two lodgers, but they were not at home; I went out about half past eight; I padlocked the kitchen door, and pulled the street door after me; I tried it before I left it; there is a lock to the door, but no key; I went next door but one to enquire if they had seen any body come out with a bundle, and in consequence of the information that I received, I got a warrant against the prisoner; I went down to Deptford with several of the Shadwell officers on board the Simon Taylor , and apprehended him; as we took him along, I perceived he had got a pair of duck trowsers underneath his blue ones; I examined them, and they were mine.
I am servant to Mr. Benjamin, No. 1, St. Catherine's-lane; last Saturday night was a week, this young man (pointing to the prisoner) came to our house.
Is your's a public-house?
No; it is a private-house.
Did he use to come to your house?
Yes, he came once before; he said he was going a little farther, and he would come back presently; he came back about a quarter after nine, and took a black handkerchief off his neck, and tied up a bundle; I asked him where he was going, and he said, to the washerwoman's; he said he would call again, but he did not come back.
What sort of a bundle was it?
It appeared to me to be white at the top, but I did not open it.
There were not solid things at all in it?
No; it seemed to be quite soft.
Mr. Levy laid an information at the office, and got a warrant to apprehend the prisoner; and I, in company with Haynes, Cooke, Holebrook, and Levy, went on board the Simon Taylor Indiaman, at Deptford; Levy was on board first, I believe, and as soon as we came up, he said, that was the man; we found two pair of trowsers about him, one of them duck, which one of the officers has got; I had some business at Depiford afterwards, and I went on board, and asked the mate for his other property, and he gave me this pair of nankeen trowsers.
I went with Levy, and Brown, and the other officers, to Deptford, to apprehend the prisoner; I found this pair of duck trowsers under his blue ones, and I found this black silk handkerchief round his neck.
I am servant to Mr. Barnet, No. 6, St. Catherine's-lane; I went to light Mr. Levy home, about ten o'clock, and found the street door open, and the kitchen door was broke open, the padlock was off, and lying in the entry.
I know these trowsers to be mine, by there being two odd buttons upon the waistband; I saw them lying upon the chair in the parlour, about half-past six that evening; I had such a pair of nankeen trowsers as these, but there is no particular mark upon them.
My Lord, I hope you will be my judge and my counsel: this property was my own; I had left them in his custody, they were never in his house; I bought them and paid for them, at Kingston, in Jamaica; he keeps an unruly house; here is a woman here, that he has offered a guinea to swear against me, Mr. Benjamin's servant.
Has any offer been made to you to give evidence here?
None; the gentleman desired me to say what I knew.
Was there any conversation about a guinea?
No.
Do you know the prosecutor?
Yes; he was tried here about three years ago, he, and Barnard, and one Canter; I was one of the officers that apprehended him, we caught them in the fact of coining.
You were convicted of coining here, how is that?
I was convicted for three months.
