I am book keeper at the Swan Inn-yard, Holborn Bridge ; this property was taken from the warehouse under the dwelling-house; I live over the warehouse.
Is that warehouse and the dwelling-house one building?
Yes: On Tuesday last, the 16th of this month, I went into the warehouse about a quarter past eight o'clock in the morning; I went backwards into the dwelling-house, and then I came back into the yard again, and saw the prisoner in the yard with a porter standing by him, the porter's name is John Eyles; the truss of woollen cloth was lying down between them with a direction on the outside; I asked what was the matter; William Brown, my servant, said, in the hearing of the prisoner, that the prisoner had stole that truss; he did not say any thing to that; I had the prisoner detained, and have kept the truss ever since.
I am assistant to Mr. Groberty: On Tuesday morning last, about a quarter past eight in the morning, I saw the prisoner take a truss from the pile, and drag it to the threshold of the door; I was in the accompting-house, which is in the warehouse; I asked him what he was going to do with it.
How far did he drag it?
About three yards. He made me no answer, but immediately slung the truss upon his shoulder; I ran out after him, and told him to stop, but he would not stop till I got up to him, and asked him what he was going to do with the truss; I overtook him in the yard; he said he thought it was his; I then called for assistance, and John Eyles came up, and laid hold of him; I brought the truss back into the warehouse again, it was to have been sent to Bradford; it was directed to Jones, Hart, Jones, and Company, near Bradford, Wilts.
Had it been booked?
Yes.
Had you received the money for the booking?
Yes.
Have you got the book here?
No.
I am a porter; I was going down the yard, and saw the prisoner come out of the warehouse with a truss upon his shoulder; William Brown said, stop, where are you going with that truss; he said so three or four times; the prisoner seemed to be deaf, and could not hear; Brown said he had stole it out of the warehouse; I then collared him, and said, you shall not go any further with that truss; I stopped him, and sent for a constable.
(To Groberty.) Were you answerable for this property?
Yes.
That you are perfectly sure of?
Yes; I received the booking for it; it was to go by the waggon to Bradford.
What is the value of it?
Thirty pounds, and upwards.
I have nothing to say.
