I am shopman to John Harvey and James Lamming , linen draper s, Ludgate hill . On Thursday the 3d of November, the prisoner, accompanied with another person, came to my master's shop and staid in the shop about half an hour; when they were gone, in a few minutes I had occasion to suspect them and followed them; I overtook them about fifteen yards from the shop; I told them that Mr. Harvey wished to speak to them; either the prisoner or her companion said, what can Mr. Harvey want with me, that she had taken nothing but what she had paid for. When they came near the shop door the prisoner attempted to pull a silk shawl out of her pocket, as if to throw it away; I seized the shawl while she was making the effort. Mr. Kimber came up and apprehended her; they were brought into the shop; the constable picked up a print behind her.
Did you see it drop
No; I only saw the shawl taken from her person.
Whose property was the shawl
It was the property of the prosecutors.
This is one of the cheap shops on Ludgate Hill
It is so denominated.
Where a parcel of people crowd so as to hinder people passing and repassing
That does not always happen.
You have a good many shawls in your shop
No doubt of it.
Was there another shawl like that in the shop
Not that I know of.
How many people serve in the shop
Eight or nine.
Will you swear that shawl had not been sold
I can positively swear that shawl was not sold; I can swear it is Mr. Harvey and Lamming's property, by the private mark.
You do not cut off you private marks upon goods being sold
No.
You are also one of the men employed by the prosecutors
I am.
Do you remember seeing the prisoner in the shop
I do.
Did you sell the shawl in question to her
I did not.
Did you observe her do any thing with the shawl
I did not.
Your's is a shop of a great deal of bustle and confusion
Yes.
You are one of the nine or ten young men who was in the bustle and confusion of that bustling shop
I am.
Where was this shawl placed
In the window, inside.
What did you serve this woman with
With a gown.
You are a city officer
Yes. On the day spoken of I saw the prisoner about thirty yards from the shop; the witness Birkett ran after the ladies, and told them they were wanted; they resisted; I assisted in bringing them back; Curtis put her left hand on her right hand side and attempted to throw away a shawl; I laid hold of it, and Birkett took the shawl from me; I let the lady go in before me, and as I let her pass she let a piece of print drop from under her gown or pelisse; my foot reached the print before the other end reached the ground; I said here is the print likewise; she said it did not belong to her; I picked it up and shewed it them; I took her with the other up stairs into a private room and had them searched; nothing was found upon them up stairs.
Did you see her stealing any thing
I supposed her to be stealing of something; I watched her very closely, I saw her with her hand under her gown as she stood by the window; I saw her hand in the shop window; I saw her turning her head; she was watching for fear any body saw her; I seemed to mind my own business, but I saw her.
How came you to drop this now and not mention it at first
I answered the questions that were put to me.
You are upon your oath, you are to speak the whole truth.
