I live at Hounslow , next door to the prisoner: On the 25th of August I missed my gun from over a wash-house adjoining a necessary belonging to the prisoner, where I laid it up about the middle of April; the slint was waxed in, because the screw would not sit; there is also a silver sight to the barrel; I had suspicion of the prisoner, and went and asked him for it; he said he knew nothing of it: On the 28th I was standing at the door, talking about losing the gun, when Mary Lyse said, I know who took your gun, it was my master, at the time I lived with him; I went to the prisoner on the 29th, and asked him for the gun; he said he had not got it; I said the servant had seen him take it, and if he did not give it me, I would fetch a warrant; he began abusing me, and said, if you had not made a piece of work about your gun, I would have told you where it was, but now I never will; I got a warrant, but have never seen the gun.
You are a baker?
Yes.
The prisoner keeps an inn, at Hounslow?
Yes.
Do you happen to be a tenant of his?
Yes.
His privy joins your's?
Yes, and there is a thoroughfare through our yards; I know John West , a horse-keeper, but never intersered to settle any dispute between him and the prisoner; I lent him some money, which he paid me again.
The woman, Mary Lyse, passed by accident?
Yes, when my wife and I were talking about the gun, and she spoke of it.
Was there any other person in conversation with you?
There was Mr. Landen, a shoemaker, next door, who is not here.
Had not the woman been dismissed the prisoner's service near three months before that time?
It might be so.
When had you last seen your gun?
I cleaned it, and laid it up in April; on the 25th of August I missed it; I have had no other of the same description since.
You applied to Dr. Glasse for a warrant?
Yes; I applied to the Bench at Brentford.
After you had been there, and was refused a warrant, did not the prisoner give you notice to quit your premises?
Yes.
Did you not tell him, if he did not withdraw the notice, you would take him up and prosecute him for stealing the gun?
No.
Do you know Mr. Hughes?
Yes.
Did you not say to him, that you would be revenged for it?
No, never.
Had you any quarrel with your landlord?
Never.
Did you live as servant with the prisoner in June last?
Yes.
State what you know of this transaction?
I saw him take Mr. Pedder's gun about five weeks a before I left his house, on the 28th of June; it was about seven or eight in the morning, when I was washing my pots, and putting them up to dry; I saw him take the gun through a hole in the tiling of Mr. Pedder's kitchen; he carried it under his coat, and I said, ah, master, what are you there? he said, hold your tongue, in a very crabbed way, to me; he carried the gun into the room called the double-bedded room, and I saw it and had it several times in my hand; there was an iron plate put on one side where it was split a little, and there was a waxed string round the flint, and some silver very near the flint; I had it in my hand when I was cleaning the room, and I saw it clearly when my master took it, and observed those marks on it then when he was concealing it under his coat.
When did you first mention the circumstance?
I was coming by Mr. Pedder's, and heard him say he had lost his gun; then I said I knew about it; he and his wife were the first I mentioned it to, as they stood at their own door.
Were you and Mr. Pedder acquainted much?
No; I have been there on errands for my master about three or four times.
Where did you live at the time you told him?
I lodged down the town, and was going up the town on an errand for myself, and crossed over the way, because it was the cleanest walking.
This was in August?
Yes, it was very wet.
Do you mean to say it was very wet on the 25th of August?
Yes, it was quite wet.
Who was with Mr. Pedder?
His wife, and one of the horse-keepers.
That was John West?
Yes.
Do you know Mr. Lander?
Yes.
Did you see him in company with Mr. Pedder?
No.
You never did?
No, I did not.
How long were you in the prisoner's service?
Nineteen weeks.
The stealing of the gun was a very dishonest thing, you knew?
Yes.
Did you not go and tell the baker of it?
No; I thought he had given him leave to take it, because he was often with Mr. Pedder, and I believe he asked him to lend it.
Have you never said he took off two or three tiles, for the purpose of taking the gun out?
No; I will take my oath of it.
Do you know Mr. Evans?
Yes.
Will you swear you never said your master took some tiles off, for the purpose of taking the gun?
I never did.
What were you dismissed from the prisoner's service for?
For his ill behaviour to me.
He charged you with stealing something, I believe?
He charged me with stealing a bonnet; my mistress said, the cover of a muslin bonnet was her's, though it was given to me by a girl he cohabited with in the house; I was not turned away, but would not stay; there was not a word mentioned about the bonnet till I came down stairs and received my wages.
You were never charged with stealing any thing else?
No.
Were there any soldiers billetted on your master?
Yes.
Did he not accuse you of stealing the liquor, to regale the soldiers?
No; I never wronged him of half a pint of beer.
How often have you seen the prisoner between that time and this?
Two or three times.
Were you at Brentford before the Justice?
Yes.
Did you say to Dr. Glasse, that it was between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, and not six or seven, that he stole the gun?
No, I said between seven and eight.
You said you thought Pedder had given him leave to take it?
I thought so.
Were you not surprised when he told you to hold your tongue?
It did not strike me at all.
Did it not surprise you that he put it under his coat for concealment, if he had liberty to take it; did it not strike you as very odd?
Yes, to be sure it did; I thought he had stole it then.
Why did you not mention it?
It did not make any difference to me at all.
You overheard their conversation as you accidentally passed?
Yes.
How long were you at the door?
Not above a quarter of an hour.
You are sure you saw nobody else but Pedder, his wife, and the horse-keeper?
Yes.
If Lander had been there, you must have seen him?
Yes; he might be in the passage, and I not see him.
You did not see a tile moved?
There was tiling off the place.
I live with Mr. Wilson, and borrowed the gun of Mr. Pedder about the middle of April to shoot some sparrows off my master's dunghill; the cock of it was broke, and he tied a waxed string round it, that I should fire it off; I don't know where it was kept.
I have nothing to say, but have witnesses.
Do you know Mary Lyse?
Yes; I heard her say at one time as she stood washing the pots, that it was between the hours of eleven and twelve that she saw her master get upon the seat of the necessary, and put his hand up through the lathing and plastering, and pull the gun out.
When was this?
In July.
Did you inform Mr. Pedder of it?
No, I had no business with it.
Was that the first time you heard it rumoured he had lost the gun?
I don't know.
Did you mention this conversation to Mr. Price?
No.
Did you not think it right you should?
I did not think it worth while to leave my business to do it, and I thought it was not true.
Do you know that woman?
Yes; she said she knew nothing about it; before they went to the Justice's, she asked me if I had heard about it, for that Mr. Pedder had been asking her about the gun, and she said she knew nothing about it.
When was this?
In July, I believe, since she left Mr. Price.
I know Lyse; she had been accused of robbing her master, by drawing ale instead of beer, and giving the soldiers things, and for bad conduct; I was on a visit there for a week, and saw her draw ale instead of beer; she was to have been turned out if she had not been ill; she knew it, and packed her things up.
I am headborough and beadle, and know Lyse; I don't think she is to be believed on her oath; she was in our poorhouse.
