Are you a married woman.
Yes, my husband's name is James Lemoine , we live at No. 5, Tash-street, Gray's Inn-lane . The prisoner came to my house on Friday the 18th of April, and took a ready furnished room of me at five shillings a week, she came in immediately, she said she was married, her husband was a goldsmith she said at first, but she varied from that, afterwards she told me that he was ill in the country, she expected him home on the Monday; she continued in her lodgings till Monday afternoon, she slept out on Monday night and Tuesday night, and returned on the Wednesday; I being surprised at her staying out, I looked among my linen, and I found I missed a foul sheet; I was much alarmed at that, and with a witness I broke open her door, and found the sheets were both off the bed.
That was three.
Yes, I saw no more of her till the Thursday week following; I was in a shop in Holborn, I saw her pass the shop, I went out to her and took her, she came into the shop with me, and gave me a direction to her aunt's, and promised she would be with me the next day and return me she things if I would let her go; I went to her aunt's. twho is a poulterer, 284, Oxford-street, her aunt said she was sorry I let her go; she came the next day and prevailed upon me to go again up to her aunt, we did, her aunt was not at home, she came home with me and I kept her all night; the next morning as soon as she came down stairs she ran away, I went into Gray's Inn-lane and found her coming out of a court, I prevailed upon her to come back with me, she wanted me to go to her aunt again, but a person persuaded me to send to Hatton Garden office.
Did you ever find your sheets.
I found two of the sheets, she would not own to the third.
I am a pawnbroker, I live at No. 34, High Holborn, I produce a sheet pledged with me on the 21st of April for five shillings; I never saw the prisoner to my knowledge.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 93, High-street, Holborn, I produce a sheet pledged on the 21st of April, for five shilings, by whom I do not know.
On the 3d of May I took the prisoner into custody, I searched her and found no duplicates belonging to the property, when I was taking her to prison, she acknowledged to me where the sheets were pledged.
My husband is on the debtor's side of Newgate, he wanted half a guinea, I pledged the sheet, my husband said he should have some money on the Friday, it never come, I wrote to Mrs. Lemoine to inform her; Mrs. Lemoine let me sleep with her one night, and the next morning when I was going to my uncle's, she came after me and brought me back.
