Who do you live with.
I live servant with Francis Morgan , James Morgan , and George Ward , they are copper smiths ; the shop is in Whitechapel, they have a wharehouse in Colchester-street .
On the 28th of May did you see any copper weighed.
Yes, they were weighed in my presence, one hundred and eighteen cakes of copper, they weighed six ton eleven hundred and odd weight.
They were weighed in Colchester-street on the 28th.
Yes, and Thomas Wilkins put a mark on them, I saw him do it; the next morning we found the yard gate open, we found fourteen pigs or cakes of copper missing, there were twelve of them that were weighed in one draft; they weighed ten hundred one quarter and twenty five pound; we found upon further examination there were two others missing from another draft.
You have seen some copper produced by the officer.
Yes, I have no doubt but they are my master's property.
What are the names of the parners.
There are no other partners than James Morgan , Francis Morgan , and George Ward .
You are in the employ of Messrs Morgan and co.
Yes.
Do you remember a quantity of copper being in the yard of Messrs. Morgan in Colchester-street.
Yes, I weighed and marked them on the 28th of May last, they were put into different drafts as we weighed them, and there was one hundred and eighteen pigs in the whole; on the next morning I missed them twelve, which was one separate draft.
Have you seen any cakes produced to you by the officer.
Yes.
Are those cakes that you saw afterwards a part of the cakes that you had marked.
I can swear to two positively, and the others I can safely swear to.
I am a porter, I was employed by the prisoner at the bar to carry some copper on Monday.
What Monday.
I cannot rightly tell the day of the month, I believe I was taken in custody on the 4th of June, it was the Monday before that I was applied to by the prisoner Mr. Levy to carry a piece of copper to Mr. Oakes and Brown's house, Houndsditch.
Where is Mr. Levy's house.
In Goodman's yard, Minories. On Wednesday morning the 4th of June I carried two pieces, and in the afternoon I carried another piece, that made four pieces; when I went with the fourth, one of the copper smiths laid hold of me and said I was his prisoner.
From what part of the prisoner's house did you get the copper.
From his cellar he gave it me himself.
Was it the cellar or kitchen.
The cellar.
Then on the 2d of June you took one piece to Oakes and Brown's house.
Yes.
You know a person of the name of Alexander do not you.
I know him, but I have no dealings with him.
Was not you employed to carry that copper by Alexander.
No.
What business are you.
I am a coppersmith in Hounsditch.
Do you remember the last witness, Marks, coming to your house, and with what.
I do not, I was not at home at any one of the four times he came with the copper.
The name of the person that you agreed with for the copper was Alexander.
I do not know his name.
A.
I am an officer of Lambeth-street. On Wednesday, the 4th of June, I went to the prisoner's house, Goodman's-yard, Whitechapel; when I went in the prisoner was not at home, I looked over the house and in the cellar I found two copper cakes or pigs; I waited a short time to see if Mr. Levy came home, he did, I then took him in custody, and the cakes of copper, and told him he must go along with me; the next day I took him before the magistrate, the witnesses who are present came and swore to the cakes being Messrs. Morgans property.
You examined the pieces of copper, I suppose.
I did not notice any marks on them, till I saw them at the office.
Did not the marks on the dresser and the marks on the copper correspond.
There were marks on the dresser, but I did not notice them at the time.
(to Wilkins) You say you marked some of them pieces of copper that morning.
Yes.
Did you see these two pieces of copper produced by Griffiths at the office.
Yes, they are the marks that I put on them, I am sure of that.
They are both your marks.
Yes.
Have you the least doubt that these are the two pigs that were in your yard, and were the property of your masters.
I have not the least doubt in the world.
I am innocent of the charge that is alledged against me.
What are you.
I am clerk to a merchant in Fenchurch street; I have been twenty-five years clerk to his father and him. On the 4th of June I assisted the prisoner in taking the weight of copper, I occasionally assisted him; the pieces of copper looked to me like lead, he said they were copper, I took the weight and marked it on the copper, and likewise marked it on the dresser with chalk.
Look at one of these pieces and see whether there is any mark which you yourself had made.
This one I can take upon myself to say is my mark.
