Where do you live?
One hundred and seven miles from Hyde-park-corner, in the county of Gloucester; I am a labouring man .
What have you to say against the prisoner?
On the 25th of June, a little before ten o'clock at night, I was going from my lodgings in East-Smithfield to Butcher-row, to get a pair of shoes; I was going home to my family the next morning; I saw three men, Anderson was in the middle; as I came up, Anderson said, what cheer, shipmate? I answered, what cheer? upon that, he immediately lifted up his fist, and gave me a violent blow, which cut me in the ear, at the same time he had my watch-chain in his hand; I immediately gave him a blow, and tripped up his heels; one of the others then struck me, and I sung out murder, robbery, watch, as loud as I could; the watchman then came up, I had treated him with a glass of gin but a minute before; I told the watchman this man had attempted to rob me, they had broke my watchchain, and when the watch - man came up, the prisoner threw down the chain by his feet, and they all ran away; the watchman picked up the chain; I never lost fight of the prisoner; two other watchmen came up, I told them if they would guard me, I would guard the man; I did not like to let go my hold.
This was a dark night - was it not?
There was no moon, I believe.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
Never in my life before, to my knowledge.
You had been drinking that afternoon?
Yes, but I was not disguised in liquor; I had been drinking some beer.
And some gin?
No, I never drink any spirituous liquors; I used to do, but I have left it off.
Had you seen any women in the course of your journey towards home?
Yes, a number.
Have you had any conversation with any of them?
Yes, a great many.
They had made an attempt at your watch - had not they?
Not that I saw or felt.
How long had you been in company with the women during that afternoon?
I cannot rightly tell, because I was going backwards and forwards, but never to sit down in company with them.
But to talk to them?
Yes.
At the time you say this happened, were not these women by that you had been talking to?
Not that I know of; there were no women nor men but the three men that I have mentioned.
You know there is a reward of forty pounds if this man is convicted?
I did not know it till the Justice told me of it; he said, if he was hanged, there would be a reward, and I told him I hoped he would not be hanged, as I did not want the blood of any man.
Are you a watchman?
I am a headborough; I took charge of the prisoner, and the Magistrates bound me over; I have the watch-chain.
You are a watchman?
Yes; On the 25th of June, I heard thieves, murder, watchman, cried; I ran, and saw the prosecutor; he had got hold of the prisoner; he told me the watch-chain was upon the ground; it was found, and he said it was his watch-chain; the prosecutor never let go of him till he got to the watch-house.
There were women of the town about - were there not?
Yes; there are always women of the town.
But there were a great many at that particular time?
It was all done in such a hurry, that I did not take particular notice.
Was the prosecutor drunk or sober?
He did not shew in liquor to me.
Do you mean to say he was not at all in all. liquor?
He did not seem to be in liquor at
Had you been drinking with him?
Yes, he asked me to have a glass of gin.
Did you drink?
Yes.
Did he drink gin with you?
I cannot say whether he did or not, for when I had had my glass, I came away directly; I did not see him drink any.
Look at the watch - chain - do you know it?
Yes, it is my property; I can swear to the chain by this three-penny-piece, that I cut a notch in myself, near the hole; I have had it a great while; the chain I have not had long; I bought it of a pawnbroker.
Where do you live?
In Sun-yard, East-Smithfield.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes, very well.
Were you in East-Smithfield, and saw the prisoner?
Yes.
When?
I cannot recollect the day of the month.
Do you recollect the prisoner being taken up?
Yes.
On that night did you see any thing?
I saw the prosecutor; he was very fore in liquor; he challenged the watchman; he would give him a glass of gin, and went into the sign of the Sun; I saw him come out of the Sun; after that, I saw the prisoner come rushing past against this man, and by that means he called it a robbery; I was not a yard from my own door; I went to assist him, and then he called out watch, and that was near a quarter of an hour before the watch came to his assistance; when the watchman came, I took his lantern from his hand to see what was lost; upon that a woman or two cried, there is the chain down there; I picked it up, and conveyed the prisoner to the watch-house.
Did you see the prisoner make a snatch, or attempt to take the property at all from the prosecutor?
No.
Who did you give the chain to?
To the watchman.
Are you quite sure the prosecutor was drunk?
Very much in liquor.
Did you see him, before that time, in the company of the women?
Yes, he was with several women of the town; he would not pass any one.
Were there any other men there?
No, none but women.
If he had been in company with other men, must you have seen them?
Yes.
Did you go to the watch-house?
Yes.
Then you saw the headborough?
I did.
What led you to go to the watch-house?
By being a house-keeper; I thought he might be guilty or not guilty.
Then the watchman did not ask you to go?
He insisted upon my going.
Then why did you say you went to the watch-house because you thought he might be guilty or not guilty?
That I don't know any thing about.
Tell me what you went to the watch-house for?
To protect the man that was robbed.
Then you did not go to protect the prisoner?
No.
But to protect the prosecutor?
Yes.
Now, turn to the Jury, and I ask you again why you went to the watch-house?
There was nobody to keep guard of this man but me and the watchman; I went to the watch-house to give such evidence as I could prove, but there was no proving of the kind; there were no questions asked, and therefore I never was asked a question.
Then you were not desired to go?
I was desired by the watchman to go.
I never desired any assistance at all, because the prosecutor had kept his hold of him.
There was another man came up, and went to the watch-house.
Who was that?
I don't know his name; he is here.
What did he go to the watch-house for?
He knew that I picked up the chain.
Who picked up the chain?
I cannot say; some person picked it up, and said, here is the chain; it was a man, but I cannot say who.
Did that other man go to the watch-house?
Yes.
Why did he go?
He knows no more of the matter than, I do.
Do you know his name?
No.
Are you acquainted with him?
Yes.
How long have you been acquainted with him?
About six months, but I don't know his name; I think his name is Anderson; he is a tradesman in the same street where I am.
When did you first see him that night?
Just as the chain was dropped.
You had not been in company with him before?
No.
How near was he to you when you saw him?
A yard.
Did he say any thing?
He did not say any thing to me.
Nor you to him?
Not at that time.
When did you first speak to each other?
Not till he came to the watch-house.
Did he assist in holding the prisoner?
I cannot say he did.
Did he, or did he not?
He did not; I was the person holding the prisoner.
Were you the only person who held the prisoner from the time the chain was picked up at the watch-house?
Yes, I was.
The watchman did not hold him?
I gave the watchman charge of the prisoner.
Did the watchman hold him, or did you?
I did.
Why did you give the prisoner in charge to the watchman?
Because the man called watch close to my own door.
Had you no other reason for giving charge of the prisoner?
No.
You know nothing of any thing that was lost?
No.
Before you gave any charge to the watchman, who was the first person that laid hold of him?
I laid hold of him; I was the next man to him.
The prosecutor did not lay hold of him?
I did not see the prosecutor hold him at all.
And how long after you laid hold of him was it that the chain was picked up?
A quarter of an hour.
Was your wife there when you picked up the chain?
Yes; she saw me pick up the chain.
I am the wife of the last witness.
Tell the Court what you know of this?
I was preparing for bed; I heard an uproar in the street, I took no notice of it till I heard my husband's voice; I then came to the door, and saw the prisoner with the prosecutor on one side, and my husband on the other; there was a cry of watch, and the watchman came up, and my husband delivered the man up to the watchman, and took the watchman's lantern and picked up the chain; some women came past, and said, this man has been drinking about the neighbouthood all the afternoon, and he had liked to have lost his watch once before.
Was the prosecutor drunk or sober?
He appeared to me to be very much intoxicated.
You say, when you came up, your husband had hold of him on one side, and the prosecutor had hold of him on the other?
Yes, and upon finding the chain, the prosecutor searched for his watch, and found his watch safe in his pocket.
Did you go to the watch-house?
No.
How came your husband to go to the watch-house?
Because he was at the taking of the man.
Did any body desire him to go?
No, I do not think any body desired him to go.
Who had hold of the prisoner?
The prosecutor and the watchman; my husband had given up his hold on the watchman's approach.
I live in Sunyard, Nightingale-lane; I am a tin-man.
Whatever you know of this business, state it to the Court?
I don't know what evening it was; the prosecutor was very much intoxicated, going up and down the yard; bye and bye I heard him call out robbery; he had then hold of the prisoner; the prosecutor had been inquiring for a girl; when he called the watch, I went up; he had got hold of the prisoner; the watchman came up, and Russell took the lantern from the watchman to look for the watch-chain; some girls, who stood near at hand, said, here it is; Russell picked it up, and gave it to the headborough.
Had you seen the prisoner conversing with any girls?
No.
Were there none thereabout?
Yes, swarms.
Who had hold of the prisoner when you came up?
The prosecutor.
Any body else?
Mr. Russell was standing close to him, but whether he had hold of him on not I cannot pretend to say.
Who carried the prisoner away to the watchhouse?
The prosecutor and the watchman had hold of him all the way.
Did Russell go to the watch-house?
Yes, he did.
Why?
I don't know that.
You did not hear any reason?
No, I did not.
Did you hear any body require him to go?
I did not.
Were there more than one watchman?
Yes, there might be four or five watchman that went along with him.
Was this watchman sober or drunk?
That I cannot pretend to say; he had been having something to drink with the prosecutor.
Was he drunk or sober?
I cannot say; I know he is a very neglecsful watchman, for the bar of our window has been left unlastened several times, and he has taken no notice of it.
Did you go to the watch-house?
Yes; I was going to my master's, in the Minories, for some tea-kettle knobs, because I could not get them early enough in the morning.
You received the prisoner in charge?
Yes.
Did you see the prosecutor?
Yes; I took the charge from the prosecutor.
Was the prosecutor drunk or sober?
He was certainly the worse for liquor.
