I live at No. 6, Short's Gardens, Drury-lane , I lodge with William Fetton , he keeps the house, I rent the first floor. On the 24th of May, at about twenty minutes to eleven o'clock in the forenoon, I went to market, I returned again about a quarter before twelve; when I went out, I particularly went to the middle of the stairs, and returned again, and double locked my door.
Did you leave any body in your room.
Nobody at all, there was Ann Thacker , an aged mother of mine, up two pair of stairs, my landlady was below serving behind the counter; as I was going up stairs, I heard a noise at the latch of my front room door, I heard somebody push against it, I put the key in, I found it was unlocked, I pushed against the door and got in; I saw the prisoner at the bar in the room, with all my property in her apron, I pulled the door to keep her in, I stamped and screamed, and Mrs. Fetton came-up, I said bring somebody to my assistance, I am robbed.
What did you first take notice of that the woman had in her apron.
The first thing that saw was a petticoat and a red shawl in her apron, she was standing behind the door to keep me out; I kept the prisoner in the room till I got assistance, Mr. Harris, the publican, came up and she was taken to the watchhouse.
You are a married woman.
Yes, my husband's name is William Fetton , he keeps the house, the last witness is my sister, she lodges in the first floor. On being alarmed by my sister, I went up stairs, I found my sister outside holding the door, and the prisoner was within the room, the neighbours were alarmed, they came in, and she was taken in custody.
Had you observed any body go up stairs
I had seen somebody going out of my house with an apron full of things before my sister came home.
Did you see any body come in again afterwards.
No.
I am a publican, on hearing the alarm I went up stairs, I saw Mrs. Dufour standing at the door of the room up stairs, she was holding the door; when I went into the room I saw the prisoner standing very near the door.
Did you observe whether she had any thing with her.
She had nothing with her when I went into the room, there was a bundle of things laying close by the prisoner's feet, and not being able to procure a constable, I took her to the watchhouse, I saw her searched at the watchhouse, and five silver handled knives and seven silver handled forks, one silver stud, a leather purse, two cruets, a thimble, and seven keys were found in her pocket.
I am watchhouse keeper, the prisoner was brought to me by Mr. Harris, I searched her, I produce the things I found upon her, I tried these two keys to Mrs. Dufour's door and both these two keys opened that front room door; I produce the property found in the room; when I went into the room Mrs. Dufour said that is the property the woman had got, I found them on a chair.
On hearing an alarm, I went up into Mrs. Dufour's room, I saw the prisoner at the bar in the room, and the clothes were laying on the floor, by her feet; I took the clothes up, and put them on a chair, Mr. Harris took her to the watchhouse, I went with him, I saw her searched, and I saw the articles taken out of her pocket that he has mentioned.
(to prosecutrix) Who does the knives and forks belong to.
They belong to Francis Robert Tellear, a French gentleman, that lodges with me, they were in a knife box in the front room, the two cruets, tobacco box, and sleeve button, belong also to him; the other things are mine except the curtain, he gave ten shillings and sixpence for that.
What are the three shawls worth.
They are worth thirty shillings, this petticoat, seven shillings, the two muslin gowns, two guineas, and the other things they are all my property; they were all in the front room. I saw them in her apron.
Look at the knives and forks.
They are mine, at the same time I recommend her to mercy.
I can say no more than I make soldier's coats and waistcoats, I was told by Mr. Matthews, that I work for, to go to this house in Short's Gardens, to enquire for Mrs. Pritchard, as I was coming from these people's stairs I saw an old white handkerchief, and on it lay these white handled knives and forks, I saw a woman whom I supposed had dropped them, that good woman in black came in apparently with some steakes, and before she had been to her room door she called me a blackguard b - h, and said I had robbed her. She was very much in liquor the Saturday night I was committed.
