- I am servant to Parson Argoyne, in Portman-square; I was out upon duty for my master, and I went up by a fence near Paddington to do my occasions, and before I came away, while I was putting up my small clothes, I saw a woman coming up to me, and I said, what damage; she made lamentations that she was starving; I gave her a penny and a farthing; then she began to talk nonsense, such as girls of the town do; I told her I had got no money; she then made a blow at me, and my foot slipped, and then she ran and struck me in the stomach, and I fell down; when I was on the ground she hold a knife over me, and said, you black devil, if you don't give me that watch, I will run you through; it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening on the 1st of November, I had some letters in my hat, with money in them, for my master; so I gave her the watch on account of the knife; I came and told the watch and patrol of it.
Did she run away, or walk away?
She walked away pretty fast, she was in liquor; the watchman and patrol made themselves very easy about it, and I went on my journey; and delivered my letters, and then I took a fellow-servant with me, and went to enquire after the woman; I met a watchman, and asked him if he had seen a woman of the description I gave, but I could not hear any thing of her; then I enquired for a pawnbroker's; I went to the pawnbroker's in Nottingham-street, she was not there; then I went to another pawnbroker's in South-street, I described the watch, and they said a woman had pawned it, and had not been gone out three minutes; I got her direction from the pawnbroker, and I found her at No. 15, in York-court, East-street, up in a garret, I took her into custody directly, I had a constable with me; they were going to search her, and she began to kick up a row, and when the watchman came, she said the knew what it was about, it was the black's watch.
I am a pawnbroker, in South-street, Manchester-square; the prisoner at the bar was a customer of mine, she pledged the watch with me, (produces it) about seven o'clock in the evening; she pledged it as her husband's property, and in her husband's name, Daniel Oakes .
This is my watch, it has my name in it.
I am a watchman of St. Mary-le-bonne; I took the prisoner into custody, on the 1st of November, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the black came to me with the woman's direction; I went to the house where she lived; there was half a gallon of beer upon the table, some beaf-steaks, and some oysters; I told her I wanted her; she immediately said, do you want the black b-r's watch; she said, she had pawned it for a guinea, and there was some beef-steaks and oysters, and desired me to sit down and eat some, and let the black b-r go to hell; I told her she was the very girl I wanted, and I took her to the watch-house.
(To Holliday) What time was it when you took her into custody?
About an hour and a quarter after.
I kicked the watch before me, and I carried it to my own pawnbroker's, where I was known, and pledged it for a guinea, and paid for things that I owed with it, all but 2s. 4d.
