- I am the wife of Robert Booth , No. 2, Smithfield-bars ; I keep a haberdasher's shop : I have frequently seen the prisoner, particularly on the 22d of April; she came in about seven o'clock in the evening, and asked for a skein of black silk, it came to fivepence; she put her hand in her pocket, and drew from thence four or five shillings; she put them back, and drew another shilling up, which she gave me; I gave it into the hands of my little daughter, and desired her to learn if it was a good one, and if it was not, to call Mr. Whales; I suspected her before; she then desired to go, and said, she would call again for the change and the black silk, and she was sorry she had troubled me; I would not let her go; my daughter returned in a minute, or a minute and an half, with Mr. Whales; my daughter told me it was a bad shilling; I sent for a constable, he came and searched her; I was not present: the constable called me into the parlour, and told me, in the hearing of the prisoner, there was nothing but good money found upon her - a guinea and an half in gold, six crown pieces, two half-crowns, and three sixpences, all good; I said, I was positive I could not have mistaken crown pieces for shillings, and therefore she must have more bad money about her; she begged my pardon, and said, it would bring her family in disgrace; my daughter and another person then brought in a bag containing six shillings; the prisoner had been sitting on a chair in the shop; I then gave charge of her, and she begged to be let go.
On the 22d of April, the prisoner came in for a skein of black silk; the prisoner sat down on a chair in the shop; my mother gave me a shilling, and desired me to go to the cheesemonger's, and ask if it was a good one, and if it was not, to bring Mr. Whales over; I brought Mr. Whales over, and the shilling; the prisoner was sitting in the shop, as I left her; I told my mother, in her hearing, that the shilling was a bad one; Mr. Whales went to speak with my mother in the parlour, and the prisoner remained in the shop.
Can you see into the shop from the parlour?
Yes; then Mr. Whales fetched Mr. Worrall, a constable; the prisoner continued sitting till he came; Mr. Whales and Mr. Worrall took her into the parlour to search her; I staid in the shop; Elizabeth Gibbs was up stairs; she came down in three or four minutes; when she came down by the side of the chair where the prisoner sat, on the ground there laid this bag of money; Miss Gibbs picked it up, and carried it into the parlour; I remained in the shop.
I live at Smithfieldbars, I am a hair-dresser: On the 22d of April, the little girl came to me; I went with her to her mother's; Mrs. Booth told me the prisoner gave her a bad shilling; the child gave me the shilling; Mrs. Booth said, she had given her a bad one ten days or a fornight before; the prisoner said, she did not know it; Mr. Worrall, the constable came, he took her into the parlour, and examined her; I found upon her a guinea and an half in gold, several crown pieces and half-crowns; then a purse was brought into the parlour, with six bad shillings, and three bad sixpences; she said it was not her's; I gave the bad shilling that I received from the child to Worrall.
