- I was at Bartholomew fair on the 6th of September; I saw the prisoner there, selling fruit at a barrow ; I went up to her barrow between ten and eleven in the evening, Matthew Hanson was with me; I asked for twopenny-worth of apples, and gave her a shilling, marked with the letter W; she put it into her she was going to give me change for it; she then put her hand to the corner of her barrow, and took up another shilling; she then put it to the side of the barrow, under pretence of rubbing it; she then gave it to me, and said, young man, you gave me a bad shilling.
Was that the shilling you had given her?
No, it was not; I said, it was not the shilling I gave her; she said, it was; I put it down again along with her apples, and I was directed to get an officer; I went for an officer, and left the shilling on the barrow; I found a constable, and he would not do any thing in it; I had left Hanson with her; I then got another constable, of the name of Smith; I was present when she was searched, and the shilling found upon her that I had given her, and the bad one, with some other silver in a box; I cannot swear to the bad shilling. I can only be positive to my own; I was absent from the prisoner about a quarter of an hour; I had had my own shilling for a week, and observed it many times, W being the initial of my Christian name.
I went with the last witness to the prisoner's barrow, for two-penny-worth of apples; he gave her one shilling, which I saw her put in her pocket with her right hand; she then put her left hand to the corner of the barrow, and took out another shilling; she had put the other in her pocket; she put it down to the side of the barrow, under pretence to rub it; she then gave it to Gulley, and told him it was a bad one; he told her it was not the shilling he gave her; I then told her, I had seen her put Gulley's shilling into her pocket; he desired her to return him the shilling, or the change for the apples; she said she would not, because he had given her a bad shilling; then we both went away, and tried to get a constable; when we came back, she had put the money into her pocket.
Did you take sufficient notice of the bad shilling to know it again?
No; we got a constable, and he took charge of her; she was delivered to Mr. Clark, the marshalman, and searched; there was found upon her the shilling Gulley described, a bad shilling, and three more shillings; they were in a little box.
I am one of the marshalmen: I was present when the prisoner was searched; this box was taken from her, containing these two shillings, besides a half-crown, two shillings, and two sixpences, (produces them) one of them is a bad shilling, and another that was described by Gulley to have a W upon it; she persisted that the bad shilling was the one he gave her, and he said, the one marked W was the one he gave her.
I took charge of the prisoner; I found her where the young men had left her; she was searched in my presence by Elijah Crabb, he is not here; he found a box upon her, which was delivered to Clark; Gulley said, his shilling was marked with a W, and turned up a little on the edge; a shilling of that description, and a bad shilling, were found in the box; the prisoner insisted that the bad shilling was the one he had given her, and he insisted that the shilling marked W was the shilling he had given her.(Mr. William Parker proved the shilling to be counterfeit.)
