- I am a wharfinger, William Cass , and George Whitfield are my partners, our warehouse is in Wapping ; I had some rice there, and the day I was informed of the robbery, there appeared to be some missing, the quantity taken seemed to be about twenty-one, twenty-two, or twenty-three pounds, value about seven shillings.
I am servant to Mr. Brown: On Monday morning, about ten o'clock, of the 17th of November, I saw the prisoner coming out of our warehouse, with a parcel of rice in a piece of hammock, and I saw him conceal it in a parcel of hemp, which was in Mr. Elliott's warehouse; it was necessary to pass through Elliott's warehouse to get to Brown's; I asked him what he had got there, he said, I have got nothing; I turned the hemp over, and found the rice, the same as he had; I took it away in his presence, and asked him how he could be guilty of such an action; he said, what; why, says I, stealing the rice; I then went over to the warehouse opposite; I was walking underneath in the warehouse, and heard the rice rattle on the floor, and upon going up I discovered the prisoner; I then went and informed Mr. Brown; I examined the casks, and found a cask had been broke open; it was the same sort, as near as I can guess.
Was there any body in the warehouse at the time you supposed the rice to be stealing?
NO.
Does not Mr. Ellioft deal in rice?
I have known him have a very small quantity of East India rice, but this was Carolina rice.
When was the prisoner taken into custody?
On Friday the 21st.
How came you not to take him into custody on the spot, when you detected him?
I was not going to take the law in my own hands.
Did he not continue in his place, and not abscond?
Yes; I did not see him the next day, but the day after I did, and Wednesday and Thursday, and took him up on Friday.
I am innocent of the crime charged to me.
I have known the prisoner several years, I never heard any thing amiss of him till now.
Did you ever see rice hid under Mr. Elliott's hemp?
Sometimes in small quantities, but that I know very little about; Mr. Brown's people make use of most part of our warehouse; they cannot get to theirs without going through ours; I have mentioned seeing rice laying there to the apprentice.
What is Elliott's warehouse for?
Hemp, flax, and cordage.
Mr. Elliott don't keep it for the purpose of putting rice into it?
Sometimes there are several casks of rice there. (The rice produced).
