Examined by Mr. Clifton. I lodge in the same house with the prisoner; I hired the upper part of the house from Mrs. Egerton, the woman with whom he lived, at No. II, Temple-street, St. George's-fields; on the Ist of July, I saw the prisoner come to Mrs. Egerton's house with a cart and horse loaded with a quantity of boards, three Bath-stoves, and one steel stove, thirty-nine tiles, the top of a mahogany table, two oil cans, a garden spade, or shovel, fire-irons, a musket, or blunderbuss, and a great number of other things; they were brought in the prosecutor's cart, and I followed the man one morning to his master's door.
When did you give your information?
This was on the Tuesday, I gave information on the Sabbath-day following; they were bringing things every night from the Tuesday to the Saturday.
Who attended the cart? - A. James Baker only.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. On Monday the 8th of September, I went to No. 38, Prince's-street, Soho, with a search-warrant; I searched the front-room up one pair of stairs, but found nothing; I searched the back-garret, and found a tinder-box, this screwdriver, and some plated wire, (producing them;) I then proceeded to a house, No. 7, Prospect-row, St. George's-fields.
(To Haywood.) Whose house is that?
Mrs. Egerton's, the front of it is called Prospect-place.
We found a quantity of things which we have here; I left them locked up in the care of Mr. John Moser.
Was the prisoner present when you found those things?
I cannot say, I do not think he was.
Examined by Mr. Cliston. I am a Bow-street Officer; I was with Carpmeal, at Prince's-street; I found a tinder-box, a screwdriver, and some wire; I also went to No. 7. Temple-street, Prospect-place, where I found this vertical jack, eight skewers, a brass padlock, two brass bolts, a steel dog, a prunning knife, three keys, and a saucepan and cover.
I live at No. 38, Prince's-street, Soho, my father is the landlord, but he lives at No. 32; the prisoner rented from my father the first floor, back garret, and the use of a kitchen, and cellar.
I am in partnership with Robert Jackson, in the ironmongery business.
Whose dwelling-house is this?
It is more properly warehouses.
Does any one sleep in the place where these things were taken from?
No.
None of your servants?
No.
How long had the prisoner been in your service?
From October, 1795; he was employed to load, unload, and had the keys of several places, and nobody else; in consequence of information I received, I went on Friday, the 8th of September, to see the execution of a search-warrant; I went with Carpmeal and Miller to both houses; I saw the things found in Prince's-street; the tinder-box has our mark upon it; as to the plated wire, we had such, but never made use of it; I was present also, when the things were found at Temple street; this pruning-knife has our shop-mark, these fireirons are extraordinary good, case hardened, and such as we had in our shop; but in our warehouses it is impossible to miss them; here are thirty-nine tiles that corresponds exactly with what we lost; they were brought for the purpose of making an oven for Government, and there are several pieces of wood that have our marks upon them; here is a washing-tub, with our shop-mark to it; I saw the prisoner at Mr. Carpmeal's house, and informed him we had found these things; he told me, that I had told him he might take what he pleased.
Did you ever tell him so?
I never did.
Mr. Jackson has retired from business, has he not?
No.
Do you not allow him an annuity?
No.
Do you not allow him a certain stipulated sum every year?
Yes.
Whether you get three thousand or three hundred a year, he has exactly the same sum?
Yes; but if I become a bankrupt, every shilling of his must come forward, and he acts in the business every day, from five in the morning, till eight at night.
Whatever losses are sustained in the trade, fall upon you intirely?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I attended the search-warrant at Prince's street.
Are there any of the articles found that you can speak to, as being yours?
A screw-driver, a tinder-box, and we had plated wire, about this quantity, and very much like it; I was also at Mrs. Egerton's; this watering-pot has our mark upon it, and this saucepan cover; these skewers I can speak positively to, they were marked for Lord Camelford, L D C, and the pruning-knife; two brass bolts, and several pieces of timber, that I know to be ours; in all, there are two hundred and thirty-nine pieces; the stoves I cannot swear to; here is a washing-tub, a blunderbuss, and several other things that I believe to be ours.
I know this to be Mr. Moser's blunderbuss, I have known it for several years, it was used by a watchman of my master's, that he kept in doors.
It belongs to the partnership.
I lived in the house before the prisoner: I left two vertical jacks in the house, two blunderbusses, one a short, and the other a long one, a watering-pot, and a great number of boards; this watering-pot, I think, was one article, and several of these boards.
Do you know those Skewers; were they made for Lord Camelford?
No.
