I am a soldier in the Royal West-India Dock Volunteers, and a labourer in the warehouses : On Saturday, the 7th of this month, I was at the Waterman's Arms, between three and four o'clock in the morning; we had a merry meeting and a dance at the house where I lodge, in Fox-lane, Shadwell, a private house; between two and three in the morning the dance was over, and I wanted something to drink; I went to this house with a watchman, it is not more than a quarter of a mile from my house; I had been drinking, but was sensible of what I was doing.
Only just sensible?
I was not the worse for liquor; I asked the watchman to shew me where to get something to drink; I had never been at the house before; I sat down, and called for some purl and gin between the watchman and myself; I dare say there were half a dozen drank out of it.
Did you stand treat?
Yes. I paid one shilling for the liquor; the prisoner drank of it, she was very officious, and made very free with me, and I asked her to drink; I fell down before I got there, and cut my forehead; it was freezing very hard, and any body might have fallen down; she came over to wipe the blood off my face; in pulling out the bag that I had my money in, I laid it on the table, and I found in about a minute it was gone; the landlord observed it, and said, what are you doing with the man's bag? and she said, if it was not for you, he would not have known any thing about it; I took it out of her hand, and found it all safe; after that, she told me she would get me a comfortable bed.
After she had attempted to rob you?
Yes.
And you pretend you were sober?
I was stupid with the cold.
After having had gin and purl?
Yes; she took me to a place that she said was her lodging, but she did not go in; that was in New Gravel-lane , as I understood it after to be; I turned round to make water, and she was off; I missed my money immediately; this was near six o'clock; I was at the public-house two hours. On the Monday night following I saw her again, and took her up, at the Black Bull; she said, she had never seen me before; I gave charge of her to the watchman; there was five shillings and sixpence in silver found upon her; I had described the marks of the silver before she was searched; I never found the notes again; when I saw her first, she had not three pennyworth of clothes, and when I took her, she was dressed very smooth.
I am night-beadle of Shadwell; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, I searched her, and found some silver and halfpence upon her; the man said there were marks upon the silver, but he could not describe them. (Produces it.)
I keep the Waterman's Arms; Wallis came into my house about four o'clock in the morning, I always open at four o'clock, I was opening the house when he came in; he was not any way intoxicated, but was a little the worse for liquor; I did not see any watchman with him, there might be; he had two pints of purl and gin, one after the other, and there were five or six drank of it; he was sitting by himself, and the prisoner came in with a sailor; he went to sleep, and then she came to Wallis; she drank with him, and the watchman drank with him; he paid for the purl and gin out of a bag, it came to nine-pence; he gave me a shilling, and I changed it, and in a few minutes after I discovered the bag in the prisoner's hand; I asked her what she was doing with the man's bag; and she said, if you had not told him of it, he would not have known, but it was an old rag; she then gave it him back again, and he put it in his right-hand breeches-pocket; I went into the cellar to draw some beer, and when I came up again, they were both gone.
I never had the property.
