- I am a printer , No. 1, Cow-lane : On the 20th of December, the prisoner was one of my pressmen ; I had been up stairs about two hours, and called a boy to put some coals on the parlour fire, which I had locked the door of when I left it, and had left the watch hanging over the parlour chimney-piece, and the great-coat I hung up on Sunday, in the parlour; the boy returned to me, I asked him if the door was locked, he said, yes, and gave me the key. About nine o'clock in the evening, Mrs. Wake came up to me, I gave her the key; she said, she had been in the parlour. Between nine and ten I went down; while I was at supper, she wished me to set her watch by mine; I looked at the chimney-piece, and missed the watch; I went into the office, but all the men were gone but one. I printed a hand-bill, describing the watch, and a pawnbroker brought my watch; this was Tuesday; on that evening I wanted to go out, and then I missed the great-coat; I sent two of my men to see if they could not find the prisoner, and I heard they had all got together to a public-house; I got a constable, and took the prisoner to the watch-house; I asked him where he had pawned the coat; be said, in Newgate-street; he pulled out the duplicates of the watch and coat, and gave them to the officer. I made him no threat or promise whatever.
I am servant to Mr. George Morris, pawnbroker, No. 119, Minories: A watch was pledged like that, but whether by the prisoner, I cannot say.
I am an officer; and on examining the prisoner, he produced two duplicates, one of a watch, and the other of a coat.(Smith compares the duplicate for the watch, and says they perfectly agree.)
My father is a pawnbroker: I produced a great-coat, pawned by a person, whom I believe to be the prisoner. (Looks at the duplicate for the coat, dated 20th December, says it agrees).
My master told me to go and put the coals on the fire; I asked the prisoner to lock the door, I did not try the door to see if he had locked it, and don't know whether he had; I then carried the key up to my master.(the property identified.)
I had been out of work a long time, and being in distress, made me do what I did.
