- I am a cornchandler , I live in Fenchurch-street ; I ordered five quarters of oats which were contained in ten sacks; and a sack of bran to be taken to Mr. Maitland, at Woodford ; they were delivered into the care of Thomas Bell , he was my carman at that time: he set off with the load, for the purpose of delivering it to Mr. Maitland; I went before the Magistrate, at Whitechapel, and the prisoner was apprehended; I have a book of the prisoner's hand-writing, which contains an account of all his days works, and upon that day, he has charged Mr. Maitland with the whole quantity.\"4th of August. To Mr. Maitland, five quarters of oats, and a sack of bran.\"	"s
Were you present when the delivery was made in the cart?
I was not.
Whether you were or not, that was the prisoner's employ on that day?
It was.
Are you any relation to Mr. Dexter Roberts ?
I am his father; I got up on the 4th of August, and delivered to the prisoner ten sacks of oats and one of bran.
How many quarters did these sacks contain?
Five quarters.
Were you actually present when they were delivered into the cart?
I was.
I am coachman to Mr. Maitland; I know the prisoner at the bar; he brought me down five quarters of oats, on the 4th of August last, and one sack of bran; there should have been ten sacks, but there were but nine.
Do you mean to say that there wanted another sack to make the five quarters?
Yes.
Upon delivery of the oats, what passed between you and the prisoner at the bar?
I got on the cart to put the oats back, and I discovered there were only nine sacks of oats; he said he knew there was not; that he had let a person have one upon the road, but he would give me another the next time; I told him, I thought that was very wrong; he said, he would be sure to bring another; that he had let his master's customer have a sack; in consequence of that, I did not tell my master; upon the 29th of the same month, he brought me some more oats down to Woodford-hall - five quarters more; I stood at the stable-door, and he said, coachman, I have not got the sack of oats now; I asked him why; he said, he had not brought it, and hoped I would not tell his master, as he had not done any such thing before, and that he was sorry for it.
From the 4th of August, to the 29th, you never saw any thing more of the prisoner?
No.
When did you inform his master of this deficiency of one sack of oats?
I think it was in September, when I went to claim it.
The man was not charged at all till November by his own master, therefore it could not be in September?
I cannot charge my memory with it.
Perhaps you can recollect this, that the man had the misfortune to get drunk, and had lost it, and would make it good the next time?
Did you give your information to Mr. Roberts, who had sent your corn?
I gave the information to Mr. Roberts the first time I came to town.
I submit this case is not made out at all.
There are three places in which the crime may have been committed, either in the city of London, the county of Middlesex, or the county of Essex; in which place the crime has been committed, there certainly is no evidence; if you take the whole of this man's evidence together, it precludes pretty nearly the city of London; for, he says, the prisoner told him he let a friend have the oats upon the road, and therefore he leaves it completely open; if the offence was committed in Essex, we are trying a fact of which we have no jurisdiction.
