Do you know Mary Cooke ?
She is my sister, she is a widow : On Wednesday, the 30th of January, I was not at home at my sister's house in Lisle-street , I was at a younger sister's, there was not a soul in the house; my sister Cooke was with a friend at Mary-le-bone upon a visit for some time, she had resided there, but was going to leave the house when she could get another; I went out between eleven and twelve in the day, and came home about a quarter after ten o'clock at night; I went to unlock the street-door, I found I could not get any admittance; I asked a person that was passing to try to unlock it; he told me he thought the lock had been picked; I did not get any admittance that night, I went away; I asked the watchman to take care of the house; the next morning the watchman came to me, and said he had took the man that had robbed the house; when I came in the morning, the two watchmen and the constable opened the door very easily.
Then you went into the house - did you find all the things as you had left them the day before?
No, the large trunk was gone; I had seen it the day I went out, I know it was locked.
What was in that trunk?
There were five pair of sheets, a counterpane, six chintz window curtains, and some other things; I saw them packed in the trunk, they were gone, they were the property of my sister, Mary Cooke .
This house is in Lisle-street?
Yes.
Were there many people living in that house?
Not a soul but me and a young woman.
You never paid any rent for that house?
No.
You never saw the prisoner before?
Never in my life.
How long ago is it that you saw the things put into this trunk?
To the best of my recollection, about three weeks before.
I am a watchman in Lisle-street.
Do you know Mary Cooke 's house?
Yes, it is No. 6. On the 30th of January, about twenty-five minutes past eleven at night, I saw the prisoner at the bar come out of No. 6, Lisle-street, by himself, he had nothing with him, he went to a house that was repairing, there is a fence before the house, he went up to one corner of it; as soon as I saw him in the corner, I crossed the way to him, his back was towards me; I asked him what business he had there; he made no reply; I asked him again; he told me he was looking for a glass-cutter, or glass-grinder; I asked him how he came to come out of that house; he answered still he was looking for a glass-cutter, or glass-grinder; I took him back to the door of No. 6, I asked him how the door came open, and how he came to be in that house; I told him when I called the hour of eleven o'clock, it was fast; at eleven o'clock I put my hand against the door, it was fast; then still he insisted he was looking for a glass-cutter, and when he was got within six or nine inches of the door, he put his finger to the key-hole of the door, and pulled too the door; the door fastened with a spring-lock; I then was going to take him to the watch-house, and when he had got to the middle of the front of the fence, he made a start, and got from me before I could get any assistance; I halloaed out, and he was stopped by a person coming along; I then secured him, and took him to the watch-house.
Are you sure it is the same man?
It is the same man, he was never out of my sight; he was searched at the watch-house, and nothing was found upon him; when we came back from the watch-house, we searched the parlour windows outside of the house; we found the two parlour shutters were forced open, and one of the staples broke; the bolt was hanging down, but the sash was fastened by the catch; the next morning I fetched Elizabeth Jones , and went with her to the house; I believe the constable opened the door, it was opened by the key, and as soon as we went in, Mrs. Jones missed the trunk.
Was there any furniture in the house?
Yes, there were bedsteads, chairs, and every thing of that kind; I never saw the prisoner before that time.
How long have you been watchman on that beat?
Six or seven months.
You knew the situation of this house, there were there a number of females occasionally, this was one of the houses that was complained of as a nuisance, they were women of the town, it had been indicted as such?
I cannot tell.
You have said, that, on this night, between eleven and twelve o'clock, you saw the prisoner?
About twenty-five minutes past eleven o'clock.
And at eleven you observed the door was fast?
Yes.
After that, did you not see some other man?
No, nor near that spot; I saw him come out of the door.
Why, man, have you always said that?
Yes, there was a woman that asked the way to Leicester-fields; there was no other man but him, you may depend upon.
I am a watchman of the same parish, the last witness called me to his assistance, my box is the next beat to his, I saw the prisoner run across Princes-street into a court in St. James's, there he was stopped; I assisted to take him, that is all I know.
About half past eleven o'clock, on the 30th of January, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house by these watchmen; I searched him, and found nothing on him; the next morning I took him before the Magistrate, and by his order I went to the house to find out, if possible, by what means he got into the house; we found the parlour shutters wrenched, but the sash fastened down, and we found the kitchen shutters open, and the sash of the kitchen windows open; but I am of opinion it was impossible for him to get in that way, because the kitchen-door was bolted outside of the door, and there was no way, by my examination, which any body could get in but by the door; there was a chest of drawers in the back parlour, and all the drawers forced open but one; I am certain they were forced open, because I found part of the beading on the floor; Mrs. Jones was with me at the time.
I was at work with my father on Wednesday, the 30th of January, and about half after four o'clock in the afternoon there was a man came and told my father, if he would send his son down to his house, he would give him some work; I went out to go there, I met some young men, and I staid out and drank with these young men; this watchman laid hold of another man, and whether he gave him something I do not know; he let him go, and took hold of me.
No part of what you lost has ever been found?
No part whatever.
When you left the house the day before, in what state was the chest of drawers?
Every thing safe; it was full of clean linen, sheeting, counterpanes, and blankets.
