My husband is a pot-ash manufacturer , and lives at the Mill Wall, Isle of Dogs ; the prisoner lived servant to me a fortnight and three or four days; the things stated in the indictment were found in the box of the prisoner; she went away on the Wednesday, and left her box behind, which was unlocked by the officer.
I believe the prisoner and you had words?
Yes.
Possibly you lifted your foot?
Yes.
And possibly there might be a patten on that foot?
Yes, I gave her a slight tap.
She had you taken to the Police-office, upon the charge of assaulting her?
Yes; her box was sent for, searched, and the things were found.
I asked the prisoner what induced her to take the things, and she begged for mercy, saying, she believed the devil had tempted her. I asked her again how she thought to get them out of the house; she said, that like many others she thought she might get them away unseen; she fell on her knees again, and begged for mercy; I said nothing, but told the officer the things should be taken to the Magistrate; she said she took them, but did not mention any thing in particular.
I am an officer, and the prisoner came to the Office on the 21st of January, with her mother, for a warrant against Mrs. Browne, for an assault, which was granted, and I went to execute it; the Magistrate desired Mr. Browne to pay the prisoner her wages and for the warrant, which was done; Mr. Story told me to go with the girl, and see the things safe delivered; I did, and Mrs. Browne asked her to undo the box; she had the key, but could not open it, she said, I wonder who the devil has been at my lock; I said, give me the key, and let me see if I can open it; it being an old lock, it would not easily unlock, but I opened it, and Mrs. Browne searched the box, and found these things. (Produces the articles, which were identified by Mrs. Browne).
She had used me very ill, and I gave her warning; she called me a strumpet and wh - e, and so forth, so that I was determined not to stay; she would not let me go, but confined me; she kicked me several times, which made me get a warrant for her; then she said she missed several things, which amazed me, because just before I I left her, I saw her put her linen into her drawers, and she never said she had missed any; I first asked her if she would search my box; she said, by all means; I suppose the lock had been picked, for when the box was open, there were the articles, but I don't know how they came there.
