Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am part owner of the ship Fanny, William Moberly was the master on the 6th of September; the ship was laden principally with East-India calicoes; they were in bales; the prisoner was a seaman on board the Fanny, and had been for about eighteen months: I received information, last Sunday was se'ennight, that some calico was missing, and I went on board the vessel; the carpenter brought a piece of calico to me, which appeared to be a part of the cargo of the ship.
How many pieces were there in a bale?
Sixty-nine.
You say there were sixty-nine pieces in that bale; I suppose you only collect that from some book or other?
From the invoice, which is here.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I keep the Cock and Lion at Alderman Parsons's Stairs, at Wapping.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; on Saturday the 6th of September, about eleven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner brought two pieces of calico, wrapped up in a black handkerchief, to my house; he offered them to me for sale, at 2s. per yard.
That is a pretty cheap bargain?
I believe not; it was more than they were worth; I gave him sixteen-pence, which is as near what they were worth as could be; they contained eighteen yards each; he told me he had brought them from abroad, and that he was going out immediately.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer belonging to Shadwell Office: On Sunday morning, the 7th of September, I went on board the ship Fanny, lying off St. Catherine's ; the prisoner was between decks, at breakfast; I apprehended him and took him into the cabin, Mr. Moberly's brother was present, he is gone aboard; I secured the prisoner, he asked me the reason why; I told him, I had reason to believe he had broke open a bale the night before, and stole four pieces of calico, which he utterly denied for some time; I told him, I thought it was useless for him to deny it, for we had some proof of it; and he said, go on shore with me; he then expressed a desire to speak to the captain privately, and desired us to go upon deck; we shut the cabin-door upon him and the captain, but did not go upon the deck, we stood in the passage; after some time we were desired to come in; when we got in I went on shore with the prisoner and the captain, and as we were going along I asked him where we were going, and he told me he was going to the Cock and Lion; that he had not broke the bale himself, but that it was tore in coming on board; I went to Alder's, and he immediately delivered the calico; I have had it ever since. (Produces it.)
I did not mark the calico, but the same that I received from the prisoner I gave to Rogers.
I after that went to the house of a person of the name of Ann Lawson , in Queen-street, St. George's; where the prisoner asked for the key of a chest that was above stairs; he went up stairs, I went with him; he opened the chest; I asked him if it was his own chest, he said it was; and there I found this piece of calico. (Produces it.)
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I live in Queen-street, St. George's: On Sunday, the 8th of September, between seven and eight in the morning, the prisoner came into my house with a piece of cotton; I asked him what he had got there, he said, cotton; he threw it down upon the chair, and went away directly; he desired it to be put into the chest; my husband took it up stairs, and about ten o'clock he came again with the officer, and they took away that piece of cotton.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I packed this bale of goods in the East India Company's warehouses, the Bengal warehouses I think; No. 578; there were sixty-nine pieces of calico in it; I trucked it and wheeled it to the further end of the room, and there pitched it to be marked.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a teller in the warehouses; it is my duty to tell all the goods in the room where I am; the packer tells it first, and then I tell them again before they are packed; I told for Mr. Ripley some of the calicoes; Mr. Ripley is a merchant.
Do you know if those calicoes were sent on board the Fanny?
I do not know what ship they went on board of.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am clerk to Messrs. Ripley, Riviere, and Co. I counted one of the bales, and found it to contain sixty-five pieces; the bale appeared to have been slipped with a knife; it was calico of the same quality with this.
I was promised forgiveness from my master; I was very much in liquor, and am very sorry for what I have done.
