I live at Lamb farm in the parish of Hackney ; I am a surveyor .
Whereabouts is Lamb farm.
Between Kingsland and Hackney. On the 24th of May the prisoner was sent to town on an errand; on the evening of the same day the officer came and told me they had got him in custody. On Monday the 26th I went to Worship street; there was the remains of a spoon shewed me.
Had you a character with him.
I had a good character with him.
You say you had a good character with him, during the time he was with you had you any reason to suspect him being a dishonest boy.
I had not.
I am a pawnbroker, I live at No. 15. Church street, Bethnal Green. On Saturday the 24th of May, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner at the bar brought a table spoon broken in three parts to sell, I asked him how he came by it, he said he found it in the road in Shoreditch, I asked him where he lived and his employer's name; he said his master lived in Hackney, his name was Brown; I told him I would go with him to his master's, he said very well, and we went down the street together; going along he said his master lived some distance farther. I told him if he would go with me to Worship street, I had a friend there who knew most of the gentlemen there; he went with me very quietly to the Northumberland Arms in Worship street; there I gave him and the spoon to Mr. Armstrong.
On Saturday the 24th of May I was at the Northumberland Arms, next door to the office: I received charge of the prisoner with Vickery, and this broken spoon I heard the lad say that he found it in the street.
After the prisoner was committed, he said he wished he had told the magistrate the truth, he wished me to let him have pen, ink, and paper, and he would write it; I said you had better tell me, because if you write it, I must see it before it goes; then he said his master's name was Young, he lived at Lamb farm, and this spoon was in the hog tub; he took it away and was going to buy his master a new one.
There is not any mark on the spoon, I cannot swear to it.
