I live in the parish of Agnes, in the county of Norfolk : On the afternoon of the 23d of January, I had seen my saddle-horse, a black gelding, safe in the stable with my other cart horses. On the next morning I was informed by my servant that it was missing; I went into the stable immediately, and found the horse was gone, that was about seven o'clock in the morning; I made application to a person in town; I had some bills printed, they were put up, and he informed me that the horse was found; I came up to town on the 4th or 5th of February, and saw the horse again at the Eclipse livery-stables, Oxford-street.
Are you sure that was your horse that you lost?
Yes.
Had you at all known the prisoner before?
I had seen him in my yard two years before; I believe his friends live in the next parish.
What was he?
I heard that he was a shoe-maker .
I am hostler at the Eclipse livery-stables, in Oxford-street.
Do you remember the last witness, John Drake , coming to your stables in February last?
Yes; I cannot justly say the day; I shewed Mr. Drake the horse. I took the horse in myself of the prisoner at the bar on the 1st of February; he brought the horse to our stables between the hours of twelve and four in the afternoon; I never saw him before.
In what state was the horse when he came in - did he come in with a saddle?
No, no saddle, only a bridle, a roller, and a cloth; he asked me if there was any chance of selling his horse there, or whether we wanted to buy a horse.
Did he say his horse, or this horse?
I cannot justly say; we asked him if it was his horse; he said it was; we said he might leave it there a day or two, we would try it; this was on Friday; he came there again on Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, to walk him about, and brush him over.
Did he give any account how he came by the horse?
Yes, he did say where he bought it, but I do not recollect.
Did he fix any price on it?
Twenty-five guineas; the prisoner was apprehended on Monday, when he was riding the horse on the ride.
When the prisoner brought the horse in, had he the appearance of being hard ridden?
No; he came to our stables from a livery-stable in Moorfields, I think he said Pope's stables; he did tell me, but I do not justly recollect; I think I understood him that he had stood there from the Monday before; the cloth and roller came from their stables, he said, and he took the cloth and roller from our stable.
The horse stood at Hobson's stables, as I told him.
I am an officer: I apprehended the prisoner on Monday, the 4th of February, as he was riding the horse; I had information that a stolen horse was there.
You had not seen Mr. Drake at that time?
No, it was about three days before I saw Mr. Drake; it was a friend of Mr. Drake's that took me there; I went with Mr. Drake to the Eclipse livery-stables; when I apprehended the prisoner, I had the bill in my hand; I looked at the horse, and it answered to the description in the bill.
When you went with Mr. Drake to the livery-stables, was that the same horse you shewed him there, that you apprehended him on?
The same horse.
When you apprehended the prisoner, what did you say to him?
I desired the prisoner to bring the horse into the stable, I asked him whose horse it was; he said, the horse was his own; I asked him where he got the horse; he said, he bought it of one Mr. Baker, in Gloucestershire, a farmer, I am sure that was what he said; I told him it was a stolen horse, and that he was a prisoner of mine, he must go to the Magistrate, and satisfy him about Mr. Baker; I took him into custody, and brought him before Mr. Conant; Mr. Conant asked him how he came by the horse; he told him he bought the horse on the road this side Hammersmith, but he did not know where to find the man; the prisoner is a stranger to me.
Did you go first to the Eclipse livery-stables without the officer, or in his company?
I went first without the officer; I am confident that is the horse I had lost, I had the horse two years and a half.
I was walking through Hammersmith, and coming back I met this man, he said his name was Baker, and he was a Gloucestershire man, he was on this horse; he says to me, groom, will you buy a horse? I said, if it is worth the money; he asked twenty-five pounds for it; I bid him sixteen pounds for him, afterwards I bought him at eighteen pounds, the horse, bridle, and saddle; I rode him to London, and put him up at Mr. Hobson's stables, I do not know the name of the street, it is in Moorfields; I put him up at livery there; I bought him as he was, he had got two splints and a very bad sand-crack, which I did not see till afterwards; I asked Mr. Hobson to sell him for me; they examined him, and said he was lame, they had no chance to sell it, they having many horses of their own to sell; my landlord knows that I had such a quantity of money, I took twenty-four pounds when I left my last service, and ten pounds I lent to a shoe-maker; I have been in the habit of buying beasts, I have had three hundred pounds stock; I produce a letter
The letters give you a character, but we cannot read them here.
I live at the Red Lion, Poppin's-court, Fleet-street; I have known the prisoner about six weeks, or two months.
Has he lodged at your house all that time?
No, about eight or ten days he was absent; I took no notice of the day he returned, it was about ten days after Christmas when he returned from the country.
How long had he been in your house, after he returned from the country, before he was taken up?
About a fortnight; he was in place when I first knew him, about two months ago, with Mr. Peech, as a groom; that is the gentleman you have that letter from; he was looking out for a place when he was at our house, and when he left our house he had fourteen pounds.
