- I am a stone-mason , I live at No. 61, Old Gravel-lane; I lost eight fowls on Christmas day, I had seen them on Christmas eve; they roosted in the workshop, the boy locked them up.
Did you see your master's fowls in the yard?
Yes, just before dark; I locked them up on Monday evening in the workshop, the door was not broke open; I fancy the man got in by the shutter; the shutter has a piece of wood or nail to fasten it, any body can put their hand in and open it; when I went into the yard, I missed the cock, I looked for them, and they were gone; I fetched four of the fowls from Mr. Dimsey, No. 8, Albion-street, Spice-island.
I am an officer belonging to Shadwell office; the prosecutor informed me he had lost some fowls, and he supposed the man who stole them had lost his pocket-book; he said there were a number of duplicates in it; I looked at the duplicates, and saw the name of Joseph Blair on some of them, I knew him; I found him at a public-house in Lower Chapman-street, St. George's; I told him I had found some duplicates that I thought might be of use to him; I asked him if he had lost any; he said he did not know; I took him to the lock-up house, I shewed him the pocket-book, and he owned it and the duplicates; we took him before the Magistrate, and he confessed he sold some of the fowls to one Mr. Dimsey, of Spice-island.
(To Perry.) Did you find the pocket-book?
No, my lad found the pocket-book.
(To Read.) You found the pocket-book - what did you do with it?
I gave it to my mistress, and she gave it to my master.
(To Perry.) What did you do with the pocket-book?
I gave it at Shadwell office to Oliver the officer.
Did you buy any fowls about Christmas day?
I bought five of the prisoner, I paid him twenty-pence a fowl.
Did he say how he came by them?
No; I heard the prisoner was taken into custody; I went to Shadwell office; I returned four to Mr. Perry.
Had you ever seen him before?
About a fortnight before I bought five, but I killed one.
Do you know how he got his living?
By dealing in fowls; I heard him say so, and that he brought them from Berwick upon Tweed.
