I live at No. 49, Upper Seymour-street , at Mr. Henry Crawford's: On Friday the 18th of April, I saw the prisoner come in with the coachman's cloak on, I told the coachman that was his cloak; the prisoner lived cook in the family; in consequence of suspicions, her box was searched in her bed-room, and the clock found, then one of the young ladies looked in the box to see if there was any thing of theirs, and they found two sheets, and a muslin handkerchief, they are marked H. C. one sheet was a calico one, and the other a servant's sheet.
I am an officer, I saw the sheet and the handkerchief taken out of the prisoner's box, and they were delivered to me.
These are my master's sheets.
Neither Mr. nor Mrs. Crawford are here?
No; they were ill at the time it happened.
Does Mr. Crawford prosecute this indictment?
I do not know.
Yes, you do - does Mr. Crawford prosecute this indictment?
He told me to come here.
Upon your oath, are not you the prosecutrix, and have not you paid the expences of the indictment?
My fellow-servant has paid it.
Before the boxes were searched, you know there was a quarrel in the kitchen?
Yes.
A violent quarrel, and there was a question whether the cloak that she had, was Lancefield's, or her's?
Yes.
He said it was his, and she said it was her's?
Yes.
How lately had you moved from Gunnersbury?
At Christmas.
The boxes were pretty full?
Yes.
Upon your oath, did not you know that your mistress has said she believes it was put into the box by mistake, in moving?
No.
Mrs. Crawford is very well now?
Yes.
They could have come if they had chosen?
Yes.
They have not been here any one day this session?
No.
Did you find the box locked?
Yes; the prisoner had the key.
You were present when the prisoner was searched?
Yes.
Upon the sheets and handkerchief being found, will you tell me what the prisoner said?
I do not remember what she said.
Did she seem surprised when the things were found?
Yes, she did, she refused to go up stairs; she said she was dressing her master's dinner, and she could not go up stairs; I told her we had a warrant to search for a black silk cloak; I told her we could not go without her, because we did not know the box; then we went up stairs with her, she gave Jackson the key before we went up.
Did she give you the key readily or reluctantly?
Very reluctantly; Jackson opened the box and found the cloak, two sheets, and a handkerchief; a servant in the house said, they were her master's.
You found her cooking the dinner?
Yes.
You found a cloak and came out of the room?
Yes.
And came down stairs?
Yes.
Did you lock the boxes?
I cannot be sure.
And somebody called you back, and then you found the sheets and handkerchief?
Yes.
After you had left it four or five minutes?
Yes, I dare say it might be four or five minutes.
Did she express any surprize at the things being found in her box?
I cannot recollect what she said.
I am an officer: On the 18th of April, I had a warrant to search for a black silk cloak; I went to Mr. Crawford's, the prisoner was in the kitchen; I told her I had a warrant to search her box, she refused to go up stairs, but I told her I should not go up without her; I then demanded the key of the box of her; then she wanted me to go up by myself, but I told her she must see what was done; we went up stairs, and she shewed me her box; I opened it, the cloak laid uppermost, and then we returned down stairs, for I had nothing further to search for; she said, she could prove where she bought it, she said she gave six shillings for it; I told her, if she could do that, it would be all very well; upon going down stairs, there was an order from Mrs. Crawford to go back to see if there was any of her property, I went up again.
Can you tell whether, between the time you took the cloak out, and going back again, any thing could have been put into the box?
No, the box was locked, and I gave her the key; I had the key from her again, and opened the boxes a second time; the sheets and the cloak were not found in the same box.
Do you recollect whether the sheets laid uppermost?
I cannot say, there were a great many little things that had belonged to Mrs. Crawford, which she said her mistress had given her, and the servant acknowledged that they had been given her, and they were thrown on one side.
What did she say with respect to the sheets and the handkerchief?
I think she said Mrs. Crawford had given her them.
Was the second box looked?
Yes; they were all locked.
Mrs. Crawford never came to the office?
I believe she was lying in at the time.
The orders you received were from a servant in the house?
The orders came out of the room where Mrs. Crawford was lying-in.
Do you remember which of the servants brought you that order?
No, it was not this servant.
Mr. Crawford was in the house?
Yes, he was very ill, and is now.
Relate, as well as you can, what dispute there had been between you and the prisoner?
She said she would punish us for saying that she had got the cloak wrongfully; we had told the coachman that it was his cloak, and he asked for it, and she denied having it.
Were you in the room at the time the sheets were taken out of the other box?
Yes.
Were the sheets in the same box as the cloak?
No, they were not.
Were the sheets at the top of the box?
No; there were several things taken out before they came to the sheets; the linen sheet, she said, her mother had given her out of the country, this is the sheet, it is marked H. C. it is a servant's sheet; the sheets had been missed some time, my mistress knew they were missing.
Was the fellow sheet to that missing?
No.
I believe the prisoner had lived two years and a half with Mr. Crawford?
Yes.
Do you think it impossible that none of the servants could have put in these articles while your back was turned?
No, it was impossible.
