I am a stone-mason's carman . Mr. Burnell is my master, No. 46, Chancery-lane.
Did you lose a watch, chain, key and seal on the 10th of May
Yes. I went out to my work before five o'clock in the morning, I left the watch hanging on the bed curtains; I returned to my room about half after nine in the evening; I went to bed after I had my supper; I told my wife to wind the watch up; the watch was missing.
Do you know this woman
Her mother holds a room on the same floor; she is in the habit of visiting her mother occasionally; I have never seen my watch since; it cost three guineas.
I am the wife of the last witness. I left the apartment a quarter before six in the evening. I am positive the watch was there when I went out; I looked at it the last thing; I left my daughter in the room, she is fourteen years of age; I returned a few minutes after nine o'clock; I did not miss the watch till my husband desired me to wind it up, after he came home.
Have you ever seen the watch again
No.
Then you cannot say of your own knowledge that this woman ever took the watch
I cannot say that ever I saw her in the room; I have seen her visit her mother many times.
Is Elizabeth Moss your daughter
Yes, by a former husband.
Do you know this prisoner
Yes; she came into the room about eight o'clock in the evening, and asked to sit down; she staid in the room three quarters of an hour.
Did you leave the room while she was in it
No.
How lately in the day had you seen this watch
At half past seven, it was safe then hanging up by the hook to the bed, and while she was there she said she thought the landlord was coming up, she got up and went behind the door where the watch was hanging; I had heard her and the landlord quarrelling in the morning; there was nobody coming up stairs; I did not watch her, I had no suspicion; she remained behind the door within the reach of the watch; I told her nobody was coming up; she came from behind the door and staid about ten minutes of a quarter of hour after that, and then she went out under pretence of getting something to drink. She never came into the room and talked with me before; I had spoke to her once, I believe, no farther than to ask her how she did.
Did you miss the watch before your mother came home
No; after the watch was missing I told what had passed, that this woman had been in the room so long.
I am a constable. I took charge of this woman on Friday afternoon, at the Bricklayer's Arms, Earl-street, Blackfriars, I told her what I took charge of her for; she said she had not got it; she told me if I would let her go she would pay for the watch. I did not search her till the next morning at Guildhall. There were two persons with her at the time I took her, a soldier and another girl; I found nothing on her. I have only been an officer three months.
You are a young officer, or else you would have searched her first.
I did not see the watch; I did not know that they had a watch in the place; that girl is a gossiping person. What made me go behind the door was, my mother was in liquor, I suspected she was coming up, and when she is in liquor she does not know what she says. This girl is in the habit of leaving the door open and going a gossiping.
