I am a servant to Messrs. Wrench, and was so upon the 13th of November; I know the prisoner, Partridge, he was a carman to Messrs. Wrench.
Did you see the prisoner, Partridge, at your master's warehouse?
Yes, upon the 13th of November I saw the prisoner, Partridge, go to the door in the warehouse where my master usually keeps his empty bags; I was at that time in a private place; I did not know any thing about it, but he could not see me; he took up an empty bag, he turned his back upon me, and went and filled it about half full of seed; I could not see the place from whence he took it from, but he passed by me with the bag half full of seed; I followed him immediately, but I could not see where he went to, whether into the yard of stable; I went and made it known to the foreman, and he followed him; his name is John Wood .
You did not see where he went?
No.
At the time you told the foreman, was Mr. John Wrench by?
No, he was not.
In the first place, what are your partners names?
Jacob Wrench , and Jacob- George Wrench .
Partridge was a carman in your employ?
Yes.
You three are partners?
Yes, we are: In consequence of having information, I followed the cart from our door to Piccadilly, Partridge drove the cart; he there delivered a load of mats; he then went to Rupert-street, to the prisoner's house, the sign of the White Horse; I saw him draw up his cart, and take out my bag, and carry it into the house, upon which I ordered the constable that attended me to go into the house and see what passed; after which the constable and myself went to Marlborough street, and got a search warrant; when we returned to the prisoner's house, we told the wife we were come with a search warrant for some seeds.
Was the prisoner by?
I rather think he was by, I don't know whether he was or not; up on which the wife said, a man had brought some seed, but he had taken it away with him; at this instant I saw the husband -
Then he was not present?
I don't say he was not; at this instant I saw the husband, who said, the man had not taken it away, that he had got the seed, and he would go up stairs and fetch the seed directly; upon this we went up stairs with the prisoner, through two or three small rooms; the prisoner unlocked the door, and, looking round to the left, he took down the bag of seed, and two others.
Upon looking at the bag of seed, did you believe it to be your's?
I did.
Tell the Gentlemen of the Jury why you knew it to be your's?
Because of the mark I had made.
When did you make a mark upon it?
In the morning, at the door, before the cart went away from it.
Then before the cart had set off, loaded with mats, while at the door you had marked the sack?
Yes.
Did you see the prisoner go away with the cart, with the sack in it?
I did.
Was that the same sack which you afterwards found in the closet?
It was the same, I have no doubt about it.
Was the door in the closet open or not?
It was locked, the prisoner unlocked it.
You saw there were two other bags, did they contain seed?
Yes, both of them.
Did you happen to observe, when you were in the house, that the prisoner kept birds?
Yes, I think I saw a bird at the door.
You know it was the bag that you marked in the cart at your door, but you never saw that bag in your premises?
Most likely I have.
Have you ever seen it upon your premises?
I don't know.
The wife stated, that the person who brought the seed had taken it away?
Yes.
But the prisoner corrected her, and said, he would thew you where it was?
He did.
And took you immediately to the place?
Yes.
Before you did this you went very properly to the office, to get a search-warrant?
Yes.
You found the prisoner at home, and ready to give you an account of the transaction?
He was at home, certainly.
Whereabouts was the quantity?
About half a bushel.
You did not observe how many birds the man kept?
No, I did not.
Do you know whether ever this servant of your's had brought you a dog, and made you a present of it, for the purpose of protecting the house?
He did bring a puppy dog.
Did he give it to you?
He left it in the stable; a puppy dog is not much protection to a house.
Do you know whether he was desired by your father, or any body else, to get a dog?
I don't know that he was nor I don't know that he was not.
Do you recollect the man saying, that Partridge had given him this seed in return for his giving him this dog\"	"q
The prisoner said, that Partridge had given him this quantity of seed for having made him a present of this dog.
In London, dogs sell for something pretty considerable; whereabouts was the value of this dog?
I am no judge of the value.
- I am a constable of Bridge-ward; I went with Mr. Wrench to the house of the prisoner; I produce these three bags; I have had them in my custody ever since; I found them up one pair of stairs in a closet in a back room, locked up.
Do you recollect what the prisoner said?
He said he had given the carman the puppy, and he promised to give him some seed in return; he did not deny the seed being there.
Did you hear what the wife said about it?
Yes; she said the carman had taken the bag away with him.
The wife having given a false account of the transaction, he corrected her?
Yes; he wanted to go up stairs by himself.
And you went up with him?
Yes, I did.
You know, in public-houses, they are obliged to keep their doors all locked?
I have nothing to do with that.
I am one of the officers belonging to Marlborough-street: I went to the prisoner's house; I don't recollect the seed being in a closet, it hung by the corner of the bed, upon a nail.
It was not concealed?
No.
(To Wrench). Be so good as to look at that bag; is that the bag you marked?
Yes, it is marked W; I put that mark upon it, before it went from my house.
What was the conversation when you went in?
Only asking how the dog did.
Then the story of the dog was not an afterthought, because they suspected you?
No; they were talking about the dog when we went in
The dog was in the cart, and the prisoner at the bar went and fetched it out of the cart.
Was this a great full-grown dog?
I don't know; it was not above six months old.
It was then used for the purpose of watching the property in the cart.
I have only this to say, that I did give him the dog, and he did promise me some seeds in return.
