- I am a wholesale stationer , I live in Jewry-street .
What relation is the prisoner at the bar to you?
He is a natural son of a first cousin to me, he is no manner of relation to me; he had connection with a lay-woman; this is the produce, his father is the governor of Bencoolen.
I am a painter by trade; I live in Jewry-street, within a few doors of Mr. Champante: On the evening of the 11th of December, about a quarter before five o'clock, I was going down Jewry-street to my own house; I saw a man stand at the door of Mr. Champante's warehouse; I thought at first he was peeping through the window; I stopped for a moment, and saw him open the door in a very gentle manner; that raised my suspicion. I stopped about half a minute longer, and saw him shut the door in the same gentle manner, and before he had shut the door, I saw him take a bundle of paper from behind the door; as soon as he had shut the door, I opened it, and gave the alarm to the first person that I saw in the warehouse, which was Joseph Birch , one of Mr. Champante's clerks; he came out with me, and we pursued him; he was stopped about the middle of the Little Minories, as we cried out stop thief; as soon as we got up to him, the clerk said to him, what, Walker, is it you! then I left him in the security of the young man, and went home to my own house.
What had he about him?
He had a bundle of paper with him; the clerk took it from him.
You saw this evidently enough?
I did.
Are you sure the door was close fast too?
It was upon a single latch; he went up close to the door, trying to open it, in a kind of fly way.
You had not been inside of the house before?
No, not that day.
Therefore, whether the latch was unsecured before that time, you cannot tell?
No.
You are clerk to Mr. Champante?
Yes.
Do you know whether the door was shut, or not?
I do not.
When you were alarmed, what did you do?
I immediately pursued the prisoner, and overtook him in the Little Minories.
What had he with him?
A bundle of paper; I took it from him, and led him by the hand to Mr. Champante's.
Did you know him before?
Yes; he has been frequently backwards and forwards in the warehouse; I delivered the prisoner and the bundle of paper to the constable.
You say you had frequently seen the prisoner at your warehouse?
Yes.
Has Mr. Champante any partners?
Yes, Benjamin Whitrow .
Do you know what business the prisoner came upon to Mr. Champante's warehouse?
He had no particular business to come upon.
Did you know he was a relation?
I had heard something of the kind, but I cannot tell.
Had he been there lately before this time that the charge is against him?
I do not remember seeing him for a fortnight before this.
I am a constable, I was sent for on the 11th of December, about the hour of five in the evening; Mr. Champante gave me charge of the prisoner at the bar, for stealing this ream of paper, value fifteen shillings, I have had it in my custody ever since.
(To Prosecutor.) Is that your paper?
I cannot identify it, my servant can.
(To Joseph Birch .) Look at that paper?
It is the property of Messrs. Champante and Whitrow.
What paper is it?
Printing demy.
Of course you have plenty of that paper; is there any private mark upon it that you can possibly distinguish it from any other paper that might be found at any other wholesale dealer's?
I cannot pretend to swear to any particular mark upon it, I can say I saw it in the warehouse that morning.
Then tell us any particular mark?
There is no particular mark on it.
(To Prosecutor.) Did you miss any paper before you heard it was gone?
I only knew it through my neighbour, I was up stairs at the time.
Who pays the rent of the house?
Myself and partner; we pay jointly in proportion, I allow my partner something for the dwelling, and the partnership comprises the whole.
I have been distressed, and several times Mr. Champante has thrown me back, though he has had thousands that came from my father abroad; I have been put on one side as a beggar; I unfortunately lost a trifle of money, I have applied to him upon several occasions, and could get no relief.
What answer do you make to this charge, because no distress should make a young man like you do this; tied to no country, you could get your bread any where.
