I am a jeweller and gold worker , in Wildnerness-row, Goswell-street ; the prisoner is my apprentice : On the 16th of July I went into the shop, about three o'clock in the afternoon, when a person of the name of Thorold, who works for me, told me that there was some gold at the further end of the shop; Ellis was within hearing; I was surprized, for our's is a very long shop, and this was at the end of the shop, where we never put any gold, it is where the apprentice' boxes are kept; I went immediately to the place, and found a quantity of cuttings of gold, pieces of wire, and some links for chains; I immediately inquired if any body knew of that gold; no one answered for some time; but having looked round twice or thrice, particularly at the apprentices, Ellis said he had picked it up; I asked him where, and he pointed to that end of the shop where I had taken it from; I said, you know no gold could come there, you must give me a further account of it; I then looked it over, and found some tops of earrings, struck with a different punch from any of my own; I remarked it immediately, and said, who knows any thing of these ear-rings of this pattern; several came to look, and among the rest, a boy of the name of M'Killigan looked, and said, I fetched four pair of ear-rings of that pattern for James Ellis , from the cutter; I then asked Ellis what he said to that; he said they were for William Moore , who was another apprentice of mine; I then went for an officer; I desired my foreman not to suffer any one to go out of the shop till my return; when I came back, the officer searched Ellis's box, but found nothing, except a small article, the subject of another indictment; the officer then searched the necessary, and found three steel punches, a gold pin, and the front of an ear-ring; Ellis then owned that he had thrown them down.
Did not you make him a promise, that it should be better for him if he confessed it?
No.
Nor that it would be worse for him if he did not?
No.
I am an officer: I was sent for, and took James Ellis into custody; I searched him, and then I searched the necessary, and found the gold pin, three punches, and the front of an ear-ring. (Produces them).
This pin I cannot swear to; the spangles are the same that I use; these punches I believe to be mine, but they have been altered in the cutting part.
Of these spangles there are many thousands of course?
Yes.
Are there no marks upon the punches?
There are such marks as we know them by.
Are they not different from any punches that you have?
The cutting of two of them are different, the other is very nearly like it.
Have not many other persons punches like them?
They vary as much as possible; this front of an ear-ring has been made from one of these punches.
I am servant to Mr. Elliott, (produces a quantity of gold, consisting of ends of wire, and other things) it is what we call waste, to be melted over again; here are two links of chains, and some tops of ear-rings, I found them near the prisoner's box; I have no doubt of its being the prosecutor's from the pattern of the links.
There were other boxes near there, were there not?
No; I beleive there was no other box.
On the 16th of July, about three o'clock, Mr. Thorold told Mr. Elliott of the gold, James Ellis was present; Mr. Elliott made inquiry, and at last, Ellis said he had picked it up under the place at the bottom of the shop; Mr. Elliott desired me to watch them all, I had a pot of gold on the fire which I was obliged to look after, and the prisoner followed me, and ran to the necessary, I saw him go in; I took the gold off, and went after him, and brought him out.
Here is the top of an ear-ring that corresponds with one of the punches found in the necessary, and two tops of ear-rings besides; I have no doubt of their being my property.
I received the gold from William Moore , who is just out of his time; I believed it to be his own at that time; he asked me to make him a dozen pair of ear-rings, and I was to have two-pence a pair for making them.
