What are you
I am a carrier
What is the firm of your house
Robert Marsh , Isaac Robert Marsh , Samuel Clark Marsh , Isaac Marsh , and James Marsh .
Had you in October, last a person in your employ of the name of Perris
We had.
What is become of that man
He had taken money, and in consequence of that he has left us; we have made enquiry after him, and cannot find him; he was delivering porter.
Are you carman to Messrs. Marsh
I am.
Do you recollect having any parcel delivered to you for the purpose of being carried out
Yes, I remember a particular parcel being put in the yard to go to Aldermanbury; directed to Simpson and Pitfold, Aldermanbury.
You took it in your cart
Yes; I took it out to take to the house; the porter brought it back and said they were removed; I drove to Wood street; I am sure the same parcel was put in again in Wood street; it was in the middle part of the waggon; I took and put it between two trusses, where it could not fall out.
What sort of a waggon is it
It is boarded at the bottom and railed round the side; the parcel could not fall out by accident.
Was it so low that any body could put their arm in
They might put their hand down between the rail and move the parcel, and so take it out between the rail; it could not get out without being taken out.
When you had put the parcel in the situation you have described, what did you do then
The porter took out another parcel to deliver, and while he delivered that I turned the waggon round; he was gone a quarter of an hour delivering the other parcel; he came back and demanded this same parcel again; I went to look for it, and it was gone. I have seen the parcel since.
I live with Mr. Grove, 93, Wood street, he is a watchmaker. On the 8th of October, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was in the yard shutting up the shutters, a parcel was thrown over the wall of the yard; I took it up and carried it into the shop to my master; when I got in to the shop I saw the prisoner standing at the street door window; he walked past the shop window; he stood at the corner of the court one minute, and then he came in; he said if you please, sir, will you give me the parcel, a drunken man has thrown it in your yard; my master bid him come in; he asked him where he lived; he said in Bethnal Green; Mr. Grove put several questions to him, and he run away.
Are you sure the prisoner was at the window
Yes; and I am sure that is the man that came in the shop and had the conversation with my master in the passage; I am sure he is the man.
We understand you are a watch maker living in Wood street
Yes. The little girl who spoke last brought the parcel to me, and while she was with me waiting while I wrote a note, she perceived a man; I saw Simpson and Pitfold on the parcel; I was going to write to these people to inform them that I wished to see them, not wishing to keep a thing that I suspected I might be stolen; the girl says, there is some man looking in at the window; I said open the door and ask him in; upon which he vanished; another, or the same man, came; he came in whining and crying; he stood in a singular position, appeared much shorter than what he was, with his leg behind him keeping the door back that it might not be shut; he said if he did not get the parcel he should lose his place; he solicited for the parcel, saying that a drunken man had thrown it over my pales; I said if he came in he should have the parcel; he came a little matter forward; I asked him what sort of a parcel it was, the colour of it, and what it was wrapped up in, and a variety of such questions as that, to which he could give me no satisfactory answers; upon further requesting him to come in, he pushed the door back and the child against the wainscot and ran away, and I ran after him.
What did he say about being a porter
He said he had to carry the parcel; if he did not recover the parcel he should lose his place; he did not say he was a porter. I had a large candle in my hand, of which we had two or three in the shop. I ran down Love lane, up Great Love lane into Wood street again, where he was taken; I never lost sight of him, and once had hold of him; but he being a heavier man than myself he got away; I had like to have fell, my hand was upon the ground; I got up again; he never was further from me than I am from you; I never lost sight of him. This is the parcel; he could not give any account what the contents were nor what it was covered with.
to Sarah Wood . Is that the parcel that was thrown over the wall
Yes.
That is the parcel I put in the waggon; it is directed to Simpson and Pitfold.
About what time did you set out with the waggon
At five o'clock, or rather before; it was after six when we missed the parcel in Wood street.
How far was your waggon from Mr. Grove's
The waggon was very near the Castle inn.
About an hundred yards.
Your back yard has a paling
Yes; rather higher than I could reach; at the back of the yard is a court, which is a thoroughfare; I rather think it was intended to be lodged there; not to be thrown over.
Open the parcel and see what it contains
It contains twenty four yards of cambric.
I was tried last sessions for the same offence, and acquitted. I meant to tell you then I knew nothing at all of the business, and I know nothing at all about it now. I have a wife and four children; I can prove that I get my bread by my labour; and I can bring a gentleman to prove that I get my bread for my family as a working man ought to do.
