I am miller to Messrs. Hanbury and Company; their names are Sampson Hanbury , John-Truman Villeboy , and Henry Villeboy ; I received the malt from the prisoner; there were thirty-three sacks and a broken one; four bushels in a sack; I measured three sacks that I suspected; it ought to have been contained in thirty-two sacks; they had been apparently untied, one had a hay-band round it; I found a bushel deficient from the three sacks; the other sack was on the ladder, under the tilt.
Was that the place in which it would have been in the regular course of delivery?
No; we would not suffer the prisoner to unload the cart, another man did it.
You do not know what was put into the sacks?
No.
One of them had a hay-band round it?
Yes; he said the sack had sell out of the cart and burst; there was a little hole in one corner.
There was a whole bushel found in the sack?
Yes.
And that brought to the place where he was to have delivered it?
Yes.
I am servant to Mr. Bell, at Stamford-hill: We loaded three hundred and twenty quarters of malt for Messrs. Hanbury; there were sixteen quarters in thirty-two sacks, in the cart that the prisoner drove; the sacks were tied with a bit of rope; we tie them with any thing we can get at times.
Was there any one on those sacks tied with a hay-band?
No.
Was there any extra sack in the cart?
No, unless he had any over his horses.
They do sometimes slip in the tying, do they not?
Very often; it was to go to Messrs. Hanbury's, Brick-lane, Spitalfields, about four miles from Stamford-hill; it is very common for the cords to slip, and a bushel or two to run out into the cart.
Does it ever happen that a man should be so wicked, in that case, as to put it into another sack and place it under the the tilt of the waggon?
Yes.
The same sack out of which it came would have held it again?
It would if they had taken pains to put it in.
I am a maltster, at Ware: I was coming to town from Ware; I saw the prisoner standing on the cart, moving the sacks; I did not see him take any malt out of the sacks, but he was moving them; I informed the brewer of it; it appeared to me that he was taking malt out of the sacks; I saw the malt taken from under the tilt; it was lying upon the front ladder, with a little hay over it.
I am one of the clerks in Messrs. Hanbury's brewhouse: On Monday, the 5th of May, Mr. Page came to me and said he suspected the prisoner of stealing malt; I saw the prisoner stop about two or three hundred yards before he got to the brewhouse; he got into his cart, removed a sack, and put it upon the fore-ladder with some hay, and put the tilt over it; then I went to Worship-street for an officer.
Had you the curiosity to see if any of the sacks were bulged?
No. For the Prisoner.
On the 5th of May I saw a sack of malt fall off the prisoner's cart at Stamford-hill; I took a bit of hay and tied the month of the sack; I gathered up the malt as well as I could, and it would not hold it; I then put the remainder into a sack that I lent him, by Mr. Hagan's son's order; he is Mr. Bell's clerk; and it was put upon the top of the cart.
