I believe you are in the employ of Mr. Wirgman, St. James's street
Yes.
He is a jeweller and goldsmith
Yes.
On the night of the 8th of August, were you going through the Park from Spring gardens to Cleveland court
Yes.
Then you entered the Park from Spring gardens
I entered from Charing cross.
That is Spring gardens
Yes, and I went out at the Palace. When I entered the Park I think it was ten minutes to a quarter of an hour after ten; I proceeded through the Park.
The gate is locked at ten, therefore it could not be after ten.
You proceeded through the Park
Yes; I proceeded leisurely through the Park, and took a seat on a bench, situated between the avenue leading into Pall Mall and the stable yard. There were other persons sitting on the bench.
What sort of a night was it
A fine moon light night, warm and remarkably clear. After being seated a few minutes the prisoner came to the same bench; the other persons seated were in conversation, they talked on subjects of the day, and volunteers were spoken of; the other persons soon left the bench; the prisoner remained, he said he was a member of a volunteer corps; he belonged to Marybone corps; in conversation he familiarly tapped me on the shoulder, he said he should like to see me at his house, as he was a butler in a gentleman's family near Manchester square; that he had the keys of the wine, and could give me a glass of good wine, if I would call on him; I said certainly not; he added that many respectable men came to see him; that as to my appearance looking like a gentleman, I might conceal my watch chain and seals in order that the persons who let me in, might not make any particular observation; he then invited me to take a walk with him; I immediately suspected some improper intention on the part of prisoner, and fearing that he might follow me in the street, I appeared to acquiesce; I desired him to walk forward toward Buckingham house with hope that I might elude him; the prisoner would only advance at a short distance.
Did he go on towards Buckingham house
He did go on, and I followed him; being moonlight the prisoner always had me in view; I proceeded on some time, the prisoner stopped till I approached him; I then, when arrived at Buckingham house, desired him to go forward, to I believe it is called Constitution hill; a road that leads towards Hyde Park corner; he remained at a very short distance from me.
He did advance but kept a short distance before you
Yes; I met a man cominging from Hyde Park gate; I enquired of the man.
If the prisoner did not hear what past between you and that man we must not hear it - I believe you spoke to the man
Yes; I walked on; the prisoner came up to me seeing, me stop to speak to the man.
On seeing you speak to the man he turned back again
Yes. I directed the prisoner to go forward some distance and that I would come to him; when we were at the distance of about thirty yards I crossed over the road under the shade of a row of trees, thinking to elude the prisoner in the shade and to return back to the Park unobserved by him. A soldier entered from Hyde park gate, came down the road near to the spot where I was; I proceeded on towards him, towards St. James's Park.
You returned back again
I returned back a short distance before the soldier; the prisoner observed me, turned round and followed at some distance nearly opposite to Buckingham house; the soldier went towards Buckingham gate; the prisoner then came up to me and said shall we retire, and wished me to take a hackney coach with him; I swore at him and threatened to knock him down if he did not leave me; he said he could not part with me so soon, that as I was a nice man, he should like to have connexion with me; I renewed my threat, when he seized me by the arm, and said by virtue of his office, at the same time producing something from under his coat that had the appearance of a constable's silver staff; he said his name was young Sayers, an officer of the police, Bow street; he said if I made any resistance he should whistle and bring other constables to his assistance; if I would not accompany him quietly he would lodge me in the watch-house, in charge of an intention of committing an unnatural crime, and desired to know my address; he said he had some knowledge of my person, that he had seen me on guard at St. James's, that he was sure I was an officer in the Guards. He said if I would behave generously the business should be hushed up, and insisted in knowing who I was and where I resided; I had no hesitation to inform him my residence.
Where was that
At the stable yard. I told him my residence was in Cleveland court, St. James's.
That you told him
Yes.
In what state of mind were you in at that time
I was much agitated at the charge of a crime of such a nature.
When you informed him of your residence in Cleveland court, what then
He insisted upon having proof that I lived there; I took him to my apartment.
Your wife, I believe, was not at home
My wife was in the country.
Did you give him your name and your employment
I did.
After you got to your apartment was any thing said
I was going to observe.
Did he go up to your apartment
Yes; he went into the house into my own apartment, into the room adjoining my bed room; he then enquired what I could do for him to avoid the unpleasant exposure which would have been the consequence of his giving me in charge; I replied, I did not know what he would require; the prisoner said he must have fifty pound; I stated that I had no such sum, and that he might do with me as he pleased; he then demanded what I could do for him, and he lowered his demand from fifty to thirty, and twenty, and to ten pound, and persisted that if I did not comply he would take me away and lodge me in the watchhouse for the night; I told him I had not so much money by me; he observed that I could get money in the neighbourhood, he had no doubt I could procure it of the proprietor of the Queen's larder, St. James's tavern, called the Queen's larder, to which I objected; he then noticed my watch chain, and seals, these that I now wear, and that I might obtain money on my watch, chain, and seals; I observed at that late hour it would be very unlikely I should succeed; but as I knew Mr. Alder's in Berwick street I would go and try to obtain ten pound; I went Previous to my going out with the prisoner he required something to drink; he asked if I could give him some liquor; I did give him brandy, I believe; it was spirits; he drank two glasses; there was a Morocco liquor stand with four bottles; he took two glasses of some liquor, it might be mixed. I then went out with him and went towards Berwick street; at the top of St. James's street, Piccadilly, I took a coach.
Did he get in with you
Yes; I drove to Berwick street, to the house or near the house of Mr. Alders'; on my enquiry at Mr. Alders', I was told that he was gone to bed.
Did you call Mr. Alders up
I did; he got up.
Did you obtain a ten pound bank note in exchange for your watch
I did; the prisoner was waiting my return.
Did you deposit your watch, and watch chain, and seals
Yes. When I came out I found the prisoner near the door; he demanded if I had succeeded in obtaining the money, and how much I had got; I told him that I had got ten pound; he said that I might have asked for twenty pound. He then said it was an unpleasant business, he took the ten pound note of me, I gave it to him; he said I should hear no more of it, but at that moment he enquired if I had any more cash about me; I had a half guinea, which he demanded.
You told him you had only half a guinea
Yes; he demanded that; I begged him not to take it from me; he renewed his threats, that if I did not give it he would call the watchman to assist him; I complied and gave him the half guinea. He then said the business should be buried in oblivion, and that I should hear no more of it. He then left me; I returned home.
Now, Mr. Butter, what did you part with the bank note and the half guinea for
Because I felt the dread of an accusation of that sort, and to get rid of a charge which my mind recoiled at, the reflection of which would have placed me, I considered, in the situation of a criminal - which would have exposed me to a public bar.
Did you act under that fear, and under that fear alone
Under that fear only.
On what day was the prisoner apprehended
He was apprehended on the 31st of October.
A fortnight before that, had he called upon you
He called upon me on Thursday, the 13th of October, while I was dining with my wife and family, he then came to my apartment and enquired of my servant for me; I was called down.
Did he then make any demand of money from you
He did.
How much
Two guineas. He told me he was going to Portsmouth, that he was dismissed from the police office, in consequence of his being off duty on the night of the 8th of August, not having accounted for his absence; I desired that he would leave the house, that I would not give him a single shilling. He was loud, and threatened me with abusive language, that he would expose me. I insisted upon his leaving me; I took him by the arm to the door and pushed him out.
After this time did you go to Bow street to make a complaint
I did.
What day did you see him next
The next day that I saw him, was the day that he was taken in custody, the 31st of October. He came to me at my place of business, at Mr. Wirgman's, in St. James's street.
Then, I believe, you sent for an officer and secured him
I did, sir.
The prisoner desires me to ask a question of you, whether you do not know the usual hour the gates are locked
I know the hour, I believe the gates are locked at ten o'clock, but not always correct to a moment.
You had been quite a stranger to him
Entirely. I had never seen him before.
You reside in Cleveland court
I do.
You say when you sat upon the seat there were a number of persons in conversation - did you give them any conversation
I believe there were two others, and, I believe, I joined in the conversation; who they were I do not know.
When he proposed to you to take a walk after these persons went away, you went; you felt a little alarmed, and suspected that all was not right - you were desirious to get away
Yes.
You desired him to walk on towards the Queen's house
I did.
This was in the middle of summer - in August - at that time there was a great many people walking in the Park and soldiers upon guard
There were centinels, I believe, upon guard.
You did not communicate your alarm to any person
No, I did not.
Therefore you did not require the assistance of any of them to make your escape from the prisoner
No, I did not.
You say he walked on towards Constitution hill, towards Hyde park
Yes.
Then he turned back when you went in the shade - what do you mean by the made
The shade of the trees in the Park; the moon being up, and the trees afforded a shade; I did not go among the trees, I went into the shade caused by the trees.
At this time no threat had been made against you
None, sir.
You suspected that he meaned to rob you, I suppose
I suspected some improper intention.
Why did you not communicate it to some of the people that were walking there
I acted under the impulse of the moment, at that time expecting he would not leave me; he was close to my elbow.
He was before you, you said some yards
At times.
After that he said he was an officer and made this charge
After that.
After some time you arrived at your own house
I did.
I think you said you were a lodger
I am a lodger.
Was there any other gentleman that lodged in the house
I believe there was.
At that time
I am not quite certain whether there was any one or no about that time; there was a gentleman, a captain Marsdon.
Is the house kept by a man or a woman
The house is kept by a woman.
I do not suppose you keep a man servant
I do not.
Did you make any enquiry afterwards to know whether captain Marsdon was there
I did not.
You left the house and went for the purpose of getting ten pounds
I did.
The watch was set at this time
Certainly at that hour.
And at that hour there were several coaches on the stand
There were.
You went in a coach to Berwick street
I did.
Did you communicate it to the pawnbroker whom you know
I did not.
Nor did you ask his assistance, nor the assistance of any individual
I did not.
The man you left at a distance from the house when you went in Mr. Alder's
The man I left at the corner of Mr. Alder's house.
How long were you in the house
I imagine fifteen minutes; I waited while he got up.
It was quite an unusual time, and after the time the act of parliament mentions
It was; it was from the knowledge that he had of me that I made the request.
It was after that, when you returned in the street, when you gave him the ten pound note that he made a demand for the half guinea
It was.
Did he make use of the same threat.
At the time you gave him the half guinea did he threaten you of the same thing
Unless I gave him the half guinea, or unless I complied with giving him the half guinea, he would place me in the watchhouse.
Not precisely making use of the same terms
I thought so.
He said he would put you in the watchhouse if you did not comply - he did not make the same charge
I concluded so.
He afterwards called at your master's house
He did.
This is two months since
Near ten weeks.
You communicated it to no person
When I thought it was right to have him apprehended I communicated it to a friend.
When he demanded the half guinea you say he did not repeat the whole language that he made use of in the Park - had he made any charge to put you in the watchhouse after that - A. None.
You went to Bow street, you have told me before, shortly after the 13th of October, when he came to you
Yes, immediately after that.
You tell us you have given the money in the way you have stated it - was it under the immediate danger of being taken to the watchhouse
Under the immediate danger of being taken to the watch-house.
If it had not been for that impression you would not have parted with your money
No.
You have said you parted with it under the impression that the prisoner meaned to prefer the charge against you, which he had first held out and threatened you with, and because you felt the dread of an accusation of that sort, and to get rid of that charge which he had made against you - but your expression now is, that he would immediately take you to the watchhouse
It was.
Did you at that moment apprehend that he would take you by force
I did.
Take you by force where
To the watch-house.
I believe you are a pawnbroker in Berwick street, Soho
I am.
Do you know Mr. Butter
I have known him some years.
On the night of Monday the 8th of August did he come to your house after you were in bed and call you up
He did, on the 8th of August; he came to my house between eleven and twelve, I was in bed, the watch was sent up.
Did you exchange for his watch, chain, and seals, a ten pound bank note
I did.
You got up did you
I did.
In what state of mind did he appear to you to be in
He was in great agitation: he sat with his hand upon his knee; he told me he was very sorry to come at that time of night; I told him it was an unusual hour for him to come.
You say he seemed in great agitation, you gave him a ten pound bank note, and took his watch, chain, and seals
I did; I gave him a ten pound bank of England note.
Did he then quit your house
He did.
I take it for granted if he wanted your assistance you would most readily have given it him
I would most assuredly; the watchman sat at my door; Mr. Butter seemed very much agitated.
You are an officer of the police office, Bow street
Yes.
On the 31st of October were you sent for by Mr. Butter to Mr. Wirgman's
Yes; I halted in St. James's place, in a coach; Mr. Butter came to me, he told me to wait a few minutes; I think it is Cleveland court he went to; Mr. Butter in a few minutes came up and the prisoner followed him in St. James's place; then I apprehended him.
Did you know the prisoner
I did not know him before.
Is his name Sayers
No, his name is not Sayers.
You have been long an officer of Bow street
Yes.
Is the prisoner an officer of Bow street
No: I have belonged to the office fourteen years.
Is there an officer of the name of Young Sayers there
There is an officer related to Old Sayers; his name is Limbrick; he is commonly called Young Sayers ; he is half brother to Sayers.
I wish to state as far as this; Mr. Butter, in his evidence before Mr. Read, said he returned from Windsor, and that he came into the park Constitution hill way; he now mentioned that he came in twenty minutes after ten at Spring gardens gate. Mr. Anthony knows that Spring gardens gate is locked at ten o'clock.
In his deposition before the magistrate he has stated that he entered the park at Spring garden gates.
