Are you any relation to Mr. Crabtree?
I am cousin to Mrs. Crabtree.
Had they a house in Thayer-street, Manchester-square?
Yes, No. 11.
Do you know Mr. Crabtree's Christian name?
Richard.
Do you know of any furniture being sent into that house for his use?
Yes, on the 19th of October.
Do you remember going on Saturday, the 20th of October, and what furniture did you see in the parlour?
Some bolsters and pillows, some bed furniture, and some beds.
When you left the house, you left these behind you?
Yes.
After the prisoner had been taken up, did you go into the house?
I went in, and found that they had been robbed.
Was it on the same day, or the next day?
The night of the same day, Saturday.
In consequence of any suspicion that you and Mrs. Wilson had, did you sit watching in a house opposite?
Yes, Mr. Williamson's.
Did you observe any persons go into Mr. Crabtree's house?
Yes, two men; I saw them go in with a key.
In consequence of that, did you and Mrs. Wilson do any thing?
Mrs. Wilson went down; I observed her cross over, and knock at Mr. Crabtree's door; I observed the door open, but did not see any thing else.
It was at your house that Mrs. Wilson and Miss Jenkins were watching the house of Mr. Crabtree?
Yes.
When Mrs. Wilson and Miss Jenkins came out of the house to go over to Mr. Crabtree's, did you follow them?
I followed Mrs. Wilson; she knocked, I was at that time close to the step of the door.
Did any person or persons come out of the house?
Two men came out of the house.
One of those men, I believe, made his escape?
One ran to the right, and the other to the left; the man who ran to the right was the prisoner at the bar, whom I immediately fixed my eye upon.
Did any thing pass when he came out of the house?
I saw him make a blow at Mrs. Wilson, she was standing by the door.
After he had made that blow at Mrs. Wilson, which way did he take his course?
He ran immediately towards Hind-street, and he had not got above twenty yards before he was stopped by a gentleman, who seized him, I was then crying stop thief.
Did that gentleman keep hold of him?
Only for a minute; he got away from him, he made a double across the street, and whether the gentleman struck him or not, I do not know, but the prisoner fell down in the middle of the street; he got up again, and kept on my side of the way back again, opposite to No. 11; he then turned a corner into William-street, which is within one door of where I live; I pursued him, crying stop thief; I never lost sight of him, I saw him stopped in Marybone-lane by several people.
What time was this?
About seven, or half past seven, in the evening.
Did he get away from those persons by whom he was then surrounded?
No.
Then from the moment of his leaving the house till he was apprehended, you never lost sight of him?
No, I am very sure he is the person.
What are you?
A merchant, in Crutched-friars: On the 20th of October last, I was passing through Thayer-street, Manchester-square.
Look at the prisoner, do you remember having seen him there?
Yes, I saw him first coming out of the house, No. 11; I observed him make a violent blow at a lady, who was at the door; he immediately ran towards Hind-street, he passed so close by me, that I seized him.
Was the purpose for which you seized him to apprehend him?
Yes; he struggled, and made a blow at my head, which I avoided, and he fell.
What did he attempt to strike you with?
I saw that he had something in his hand, but could not then discern what it was; I afterwards saw that it was an iron crow.
Did he escape?
I returned the blow, and he fell; he got up again, and turned, and escaped for a moment; I pursued him down two small streets, and kept sight of him till I saw Chantry at the door of his own house; I called out to him, stop thief, stop him; Chantry then laid hold of him immediately, I told Chantry to take care, for he had an iron in his hand; Chantry looked round, and in a few moments afterwards he lifted up his hand, and made a violent blow at Chantry with the iron; he was then taken to the watch-house.
Did you then see what that iron was?
Yes, it was a crow; it was delivered to the officer.
Where do you live?
At No. 33, Marybone-lane.
On the evening of Saturday, the 20th of October, did you hear any cry of stop thief?
Very much indeed.
What did you do upon hearing that cry?
I ran out, and saw this gentleman pursuing a man, and singing out stop thief.
What did you do?
I stepped over the way to meet the man; as I came up on one side the pavement, he stepped on the other; he fell down, and I caught hold of him.
For what purpose did you catch hold of him?
Because I heard the cry of stop thief, to apprehend him; I led him along very quietly forty or fifty yards, Mr. Holford told me there was something in his hand.
Did you look to see whether he had any thing in his hand?
Not to my recollection; he struck me at the corner of William-street with a piece of iron, and I was taken to the Hospital. Twelve or fourteen pieces of bone have been taken out of my head, and there are more pieces coming out.
Had you hold of him at the time he so struck you?
I still continued to have hold of him.
Upon this, did any person come up to your assistance?
Yes, a butcher of the name of Snowden; I told him he had got something very hard, that he had struck me upon the head very hard, and two of them got it out of his hand.
What did it prove to be?
An iron crow; me and the butcher conveyed him to the watch-house together; I was taken to the Hospital, and was there five weeks and three days.
You were under the care of Mr. Parroquet, the surgeon?
No, Mr. Harwood.
You are an officer belonging to the Police-Office, at Marlborough-street?
Yes; I had this crow delivered to me by the watch-housekeeper, Moay, at Marlborough-street, in the presence of Snowden. (Produces it.)
That crow was delivered by you to Moay?
Yes, I marked it; I took it from the prisoner the night he was apprehended.
(To Boyd.) Did you try if the crow would fit any impression upon the house?
Yes, I examined the house all over, and found no mark that corresponded, but a mark upon the second floor front room door; it had been attempted to be opened, and the impressions exactly corresponded with the crow; it was not opened.
You are one of the surgeons of Middlesex Hospital?
Yes.
Benjamin Chantry was under your care?
Yes.
Was the injury he had received likely to be produced by an instrument like this?
Nothing more likely; a portion of the bone was cut away from the skull, it was cut in a strait line, about as broad as a goose's quill, three quarters of an inch long and very deep, as if it was done by such an instrument as that; it made an incision into the bone, there was a complete piece taken out, as if it had been sawed out as it were; the scalp that covers the bone was very much torn; besides the fracture, there was a wound on the side of the head, and after examining that wound, the bone was discovered with a piece of it cut out, a slit in the bone as if from a violent blow; you may form some idea of it, by cutting off a piece of a goose's quill.
Did it appear to be broke off, or cut out?
Cut out.
I was very much intoxicated, and did not know that I had struck any person.
