I am a labouring man : On the 23d of last month, about eleven o'clock at night, I was robbed in Cross-lane, Newtoner's-lane, Holborn ; I went to the house of Daniel Kenzie to pay my rent, I could not go sooner, because my master had put just paid me my wages; when I came out, I saw this woman and a man standing at the corner of the court; I knew the woman perfectly well, she had lived in the same court with me five or six months; she came up to me, and asked me what o'clock it was, I had a child in my arms at the time; I put down my child, I pulled my watch out of my sob, and told her it was twenty minutes past eleven o'clock; I put my watch in my sob, and took up the child again, and she snatched the watch out of my sob; I laid hold of her and she struggled away from me: a man came up to me, and said, you bl-dy eyed thief, what do you want with the woman, and he upt with his fist and knocked me down while the woman ran away with the watch; this was on Saturday night, and the next morning I took her into custody; I have never seen any more of the man since; here is the woman here that found the watch the same night.
I am the wife of the last witness; my husband had sent me for a candle, I had the candle in my hand, and I saw my husband upon the ground; I saw him get up, and the man ran away, that is all that I saw of it.
Last Sunday was three weeks, about twelve o'clock, as I was going for a pail of water, I found the watch about four yards from where this man lived; I gave the watch to my husband, and he sold it, I live next door but one to Murphy.
I received the watch from my wife, and sold it to a young fellow that is here, I did not know whose it was.
He lives but next door but one to me, and could not be off knowing it.
I did not hear any thing of it.
What regiment do you belong to?
The East-London; I sold it two or three days after.
I am a cooper, I live at Deptford; I was in a public-house where the soldier was shewing this watch about in the taproom, on the Monday; I gave him a guinea for it.(Produces it.)
I am sure this is my watch.
I was in Cross-lane, drinking a pint of beer with another young woman, and a young man, Murphy and his wife, and some more of his country people were on the opposite side of the way, and they began quarrelling; I said to the young woman, we had better go, for they would use us all alike in the quarrel; the next day I heard that he had lost his watch, that he had said, I had taken it; I directly went down to Cross-lane, from the Seven-dials, to his wife, and asked her what demands he had of me, and she said, demands enough; I asked her where her husband was, and she said, he was gone to look for me, and I said I would wait till he came home, and I did, I waited above an hour; and when he came in he laid hold of me, and used me very ill, I had not a rag upon my back but what was torn to pieces.
(To Murphy.) Was it a dark night?
Yes; but I knew her voice, and her person, perfectly well.
