I am a shoemaker , and live on Bethnal-green : On the 27th of September, I was coming from Aldersgate-street, I stopped in Bishopsgate-street to buy two cod-fish; I walked as far as Webb-square, Shoreditch, and called on an acquaintance, where I understood the prisoner lodged; I sent for a pot of beer, and half a pint of gin; the prisoner came in, and partook, as he knew my acquaintance; five or six drank of it; I was there about an hour, and left it between eight and nine; the prisoner begged to walk home with me; I thanked him, but did not wish him to take that trouble; he overpressed me, and took up the fish; I was sober, as I had only drank part of the liquor there; he walked with me, and carried the fish as far as the Golden Key, about three or four hundred yards from my house; I took him into the Golden Key, and gave him a glass of peppermint at the bar, and changed a seven-shilling piece; he seeing me do that pleaded distress, and said the woman he lived with was in Coldbathfields Prison for an assault; that he was out of bread himself, and had nothing to subsist on; I gave him a shilling, and bid him good night; he insisted on going further, saying I was a good hearty fellow; he walked very near to my home, when I stopped him, and said he had gone far enough, and if he would have any thing more to drink he was welcome; he thanked me, and said he had rather not; I told him I was going into the Cornwallis public-house; he asked me it I would not shake hands with him, which I readily did, and he instantly by main force twisted the ring off my finger, and ran across the road; it being very dark I could not see him, but halloa'd out stop thief, but could not catch him; he had the fish in his left hand; the next night I was coming from the same place, and looked to see if he was come home; I heard he was taken up on my account; I went to the watch-house, and saw the prisoner; the officer made me give charge, which I did, and he was taken before the Magistrate; I have never seen my ring, which I wore for the sake of my deceased wife, and cost me 14s.
Could not the ring come off by shaking of hands?
No.
Was it too big?
It was full big, but done round with silk to make it hold tight.
Did you perceive it going?
Yes.
Did you feel the twist to get it off?
Yes, I am positive, and a very great one.
I am a weaver, and was passing Valentine, who lives next door but one to me, on the night of the 27th of September; he called out stop thief; I said, have you been robbed; he said, yes, but I saw no other person; he asked me to go in pursuit of the prisoner; I did, and we went to the prisoner's lodging in Webb-square, but did not find him.
The place where the prosecutor called is kept by two girls of the town; I lived there then, and he asked me to fetch the pot of beer, which I did and two others, and half a pint of gin; they then asked me to drink along with them at a gin-shop; I did so, and he was flashing his gold ring, a guinea, and a seven-shilling piece to the girls; I never saw it after; one of the girls went back, and the other went to the Golden Key with the prosecutor and me; we walked on till we came to the Green Gate, where he began to dance with a parcel of men and women who sold fish; they would not let him have any liquor there; he was so drunk, when we went out he tumbled down, and had liked to have pulled me down; when I helped him up he missed his ring, and said I must have taken it; I said if he thought I had, I would go back and look where he was dancing; I asked him to take his fish; he refused them, and I dropped them down, saying I would not carry them any farther.
What is the name of your acquaintance?
Greenwood, a carver and gilder, whom I have known twenty years; I understand the woman the prisoner lived with is a girl of the town, and she was not part of the company.
Were there three pots of beer?
No, nor did I go into any gin-shop, or make any display of my money or ring, any further than it was on my finger.
