I am a patent wig-maker , in Bond-street: On the 1st of December I packed up a wig for Colonel Lightburne in a box, and directed it for Col. Lightburne, 53 d regiment, Sunderland, Durham, 1st December, 1803; it was written on the box.
I carried a wig-box, directed to Col. Lightburne, to the George and Blue Boar, Holborn, and had a receipt for it.
I am book-keeper at the Bull and Mouth Inn; I received a box on the 3d of December, directed for Colonel Lightburne; Sunderland; I had it from the George and Blue Boar, and gave it to Short and Sutton, who were loading the coach.
I am porter at the Bull and Mouth; all the boxes I received I put in the coach and upon the coach, and in the rumble-tumble, and I put this particular box in at the top of all, and buckled the strop over it.
I am guard to the Newcastle coach; we left town at seven o'clock at night exactly; I sat upon the back part of the coach with my feet upon the rumble-tumble; as we were going up Highgate-hill , one of the traces broke of one of the wheel horses; I got down and assisted the coachman; the coach stopped, it was very heavy loaded; the coach went on, and I walked after it; a waggon with ten horses went up at the same time, and I went on one side and the coach on the other; when I got clear of the waggon, I saw the coach again, and I saw a man upon the rumble-tumble; I saw him get off, he then walked across me; I asked him if he belonged to the coach, or was a passenger: he said, no; I said, then you belong to me; I made him get upon the box with the coachman, and we took him to Highgate; I found the flap unbuckled, and the boxes exposed to the air, and a vacancy for this box; when we got to the Red Lion, I gave charge of him to a constable till I came back; we went on to Grantham, where we changed coaches, and there the box was missing; it has never been found since (produces the way-bill); when I came back to Highgate, I brought him to town.
On Sunday morning, the 3d of December, I found a piece of board upon Highgate-hill, not so far up as Hornsey-lane; there was some writing upon it; I gave it to my mother.
I am the mother of the last witness; she brought me a board, which I burnt, not thinking it of any consequence; it looked like a piece of a direction; part of it was broke off; there was wrote upon it, Sunderland, Durham, and December 31, 1803, in the corner.
I am a constable; I took charge of the prisoner; he said he was innocent.
I was coming down Highgate-hill, on the path-way, when the guard came up to me with a pistol in his hand, and said, I was his prisoner; I was not near the coach.
