- I live at No. 27, Lamb-street, Spitalfields; I keep a shop in Spitalfields market .
Do you sell bacon?
Yes; on Saturday, the 22d, I left the shop about twelve at night; I locked it up, and on Sunday morning I was alarmed by the watchman, between four and five o'clock, and when I came to the shop I found it was open; I examined it; there were two sides of bacon gone, three parts of another side, and several pieces; I stopped in the shop till eight o'clock in the morning, and then I locked the shop up; I heard no more of it till the Wednesday, when my brother was going past the prisoner's shop; he keeps a sheep's head shop.
Did you go to the prisoner's shop?
Not till after my brother and Mr. Pike went.
I am brother to the last witness; I was coming up Well-street, by the prisoner's shop, on Wednesday, the 26th of December, and I saw the bacon in his shop.
How far is that from your sister's shop?
A very little distance; I saw three pieces lying on his counter.
Lying on the counter so as any body might see it?
Yes.
How do you know it was your sister's?
I was not certain it was my sister's, but coming by, it struck me that it was; my sister gave me twopence; I went to the prisoner's shop, and bought a quarter of a pound of it, and when I came home my sister dressed it, and it had very much the same flavour as my sister's; I eat some of it.
Can you tell your sister's bacon from any other person's by the taste?
I think I can.
Hardly enough to tell your sister's bacon from any other?
Mr. Pike and I went down to the prisoner's shop; I stopped out while Mr. Pike went in.
You went down to the shop of the prisoner with this boy?
Yes; Mary Lucombe sent to me to go down and look at this bacon; I asked him how much he had got of it, and where he got it; he said, it was a very unfair question; I told him that a neighbour of mine, that rented a shop of me, had her shop broke open on Sunday morning; then I asked him what he gave for it; he said he gave two shillings a stone for it; I said, you have bought it cheap enough; I said he could get money by it; he said he could tell me where he bought it, and if I would send the young woman down he would tell her; as soon as she went down, the bacon was gone; I saw three large pieces.
Did you go and tell her?
Not directly; Mary Lucombe told me when she went it was gone; the wife told her he had taken it back to the person he had bought it of, and when we got the warrant, he and the bacon were gone.
In point of fact did he not surrender himself?
Yes, he sent word afterwards.
It is old rusty bacon?
No, it is bacon of two years old.
It is an inferior sort?
It is old bacon, the salt eats away the rhind.
What might it be worth?
You can buy it at one place at 3 s. a stone; you could not buy it at other places under 3 s. 6 d. a stone, at 8 lb. to the stone; that is the wholesale price.
Do you deal in bacon?
Not now, I have.
(To Prosecutrix.) Did you go to the shop of the prisoner after Mr. Pike had been there?
Yes; I told him I had come to see the bacon; he said he had sent it all away to the person he had bought it of; he told me I could not hurt him, he could tell me the person he bought it of.
Did he?
No; I told him if he would not tell me, he must be made to tell; I left the shop.
You went directly from the shop; you did not give him time to tell you.
He did not tell you, and when you came back the bacon was gone and the prisoner too?
Yes.
When Mr. Pike came to me to see the bacon, he saw it in the shop; while he was looking at it I said to him, here is some more of it; he saw it all; I then had a man who had bought two hocks, I told him; and I said, if you please, I will go, and fetch the two hocks from the people, if possible, perhaps there may be some marks on them; he said he did not think it was the bacon, it was too wet to be her's; I told him I could sell it all, a man had bid me 7 d. a pound for it, it was all open in the shop, and if I had known it had been stolen, I would not have put it there; the man came back that bid me the money, and I let the man have it that bid me the most money for it.
