On the 18th of last month, about two o'clock in the day, I went into the Rum Puncheon, in Old-street ; I had two sword-belts and a pair of boot-tops wrapped up in a black spencer.
Whose property were they?
The property of Captain Lovell, the captain gave them me to take home; when I entered the public-house there was a comrade of mine there drinking with the prisoner; he asked me if I would join in the company, which I did, and we drank to the\\ amountof a shilling and a halfpenny in gin and beer; I laid my head on the table, and I believe I went to sleep; in the course of that time my bundle was gone.
Was your comrade there then?
No, he was gone, and the prisoner too; I inquired about the bundle, but I could not hear any thing about it at the alehouse. I went to the landlord, and from what he said to me I searched for the prisoner, and found him the next evening; he denied seeing any thing of the bundle; by persuasions I brought him up to the same public-house; he denied every thing; the constable took him into custody that evening, and the next morning at eleven o'clock he confessed.
Did you ever get your things again?
The boot-tops and the spencer I got by the prisoner's directions; I found the spencer at Isaac's shop, near St. Giles's; the prisoner told me he flung the sword-belts away, and the boot-tops I found at a porter's that lives at a bottle warehouse.
Look at the prisoner - did you ever see him before?
No, never.
Did you purchase that spencer of any body?
I bought it of a man for a shilling.
What man?
I could not take any notice of the man, I had a country-dealer in my house.
How many times did this man come to your shop?
Twice; he asked me three shillings, and I bid him a shilling; I locked my door, and went up stairs, as I had a country-dealer there.
Although this man came twice, you took no notice of him?
I was in a hurry, I had a country-dealer, I was obliged to have my goods packed up for him immediately; I had no person in the house but myself, my wife was out.
What became of the spencer?
The officer has got it.
I am an officer: I produce a spencer found at Isaacs' by the prisoner's directions, and the boot-tops I found, by the direction of the prisoner, at Mr. Westgate's.
