Do you know any thing of this business.
I am certain the hay is my property. I am a farmer and cow keeper , North street, Manchester square ; the prisoner was a servant of mine, he lived at the farm house, he was a constant servant of mine about three days in the week. On the evening of the third of January, I was accquainted of it by the officer.
I am a merchant, at No. 10, Nicholas lane, Lombard street; the hay was in my barn, which is said to be stolen, it was brought there by a man who is run away, he was my servant.
I am a watchman of Hampstead. On the first of January last, at half past four o'clock in the morning, I stopped a cart with a quantity of hay, which the prisoner was driving; I asked him where he brought it from so early in the morning, he told me Edgeware, I asked him how he came there with it, it was quite a contrary road; he told me he brought it through Hendon, and up North End hill, which if he had he must have crossed the box that I was watching, and which I knew he had not done, that gave me reason to suppose the hay was stolen. I then stopped him, he told me that he could call the master of the property.
Before he said that, did not you tell him it would be better to confess.
Yes, then he called Jem three or four times, the man came, and he refused to be taken; he asked him what occasioned him stopping, he told the watchman, he asked the prisoner to give him the whip out of his hand, to knock me down; making use at the same time of bad language. I pulled out my pistol and took him in custody, and let the prisoner go on with the team; he offered me half a guinea first, then a guinea, not to say any thing about it; I refused to take his money, he told me he brought the hay from Needham, I asked him if he knew the man that was driving the hay, he declared he did not before that morning; he said he was going with the hay to Mr. Price's at North End, and I saw the hay unloaded there.
Whose team was it.
Mr. Price's
How far is your farm.
At Hendon.
The man that threatened to knock you down has escaped.
He has.
Did not you understand from him, that the prisoner was employed by him, and that he was a servant of Mr. Price.
Yes.
I apprehended the prisoner on the fifth of January, at his masters yard.
You have seen this hay in Mr. Price's barn, how do you know it is your property.
To the best of my knowledge thirty seven trusses are my property; there was fifty six trusses in the whole in the barn, there is one truss convinces me the hay is mine; I borrowed some hay of Mr. Ship to make my rick up; his hay is indifferent and brown as a nutmeg, and mine is green, one third of the truss is coarse, and the other part is fine.
Will you venture to swear that hay is your property.
I will not.
You have a small farm at Hendon, and in your barn there is fifty six trusses of hay, is there any of it your property.
None I believe.
Do you not know it is not.
No.
Have you bought any.
No, I have a rick in the yard, I sell hay.
Is this like your hay that you send to market.
Not at all.
I am not guilty.
