At the time I took up the prisoner I lived at No. 121, Ratcliff-highway , I am a linen-draper : On Monday the 14th of January last, the prisoner came into my shop between two and three o'clock in the afternoon.
For what purpose did he come into your shop?
I had known him for some time, and he used frequently to call in and stop half an hour or an hour; when he had been in about five minutes, I had occasion to go out, but I returned in again in about five minutes, and then the prisoner was standing outside of the shop-door; when I went in my brother informed me something; I went to the prisoner, who was standing at the door, I took his hat off his head, and found ten shawls in the crown of his hat; I then sent for a constable, and had him taken into custody.
Did he say any thing at the time?
He pleaded very much to me to let him go; he told me it was entirely distress that drove him to it.
Do you know them to be your's?
They are new shawls with my private mark on them; they were in my shop ten minutes before I left my shop.
You have known him some time?
I have, about two years.
You have know him in very good situations?
I have.
When had you last seen these shawls?
I do believe I had seen these shawls ten minutes before I went out.
You do not take your private mark off when you sell them?
I do not.
I am the brother of the last witness.
Do you recollect your brother stepping out of the shop, and leaving the prisoner in his shop?
Yes.
What were you employed about?
I had occasion to go behind some furniture for something, and I saw the prisoner take some shawls from a shelf in the shop, and he put them into the crown of his hat, and he went to the step of the door; as soon as my brother came in I told him; then my brother went up to him, and he was taken into custody.
I have been in the habit of buying shawls of different people, and likewise stockings; some gentlemen are here that will prove that I have bought both shawls and stockings of them.
Where are they?
There is a gentleman who has promised to be here to-day, but he has neglected coming.
