What are you?
A tailor , and live at No. 1, Church-court, in the Strand , and sell clothes that are ready made.
Did any thing happen in the night of the 14th, or morning of the 15th?
It was about six o'clock in the morning of the 15th, I heard somebody walking about over my head, as I slept in the kitchen.
It was light then?
It was getting light.
Was it light so that you could see the face of any man?
Yes; I came up stairs from the kitchen, and attempted to unlock the parlour-door, but could not; I gave the door a pull towards me, and it pulled open; I saw two men, the prisoner and another, and was inclined to shut the door again on seeing them, but they rushed out upon me, and knocked me down. I fastened upon one of them, and pulled him down upon me; I did not see the features of the other that made his escape; the man I pulled down got up, and I with him, and we had another scuffle, he threw me down again at the passage-door, and ran away, but I got up and pursued him, and it proved to be the prisoner; he was taken in Hungerford-market, by William Gordon , a coalheaver, in consequence of my calling out stop thief; he was taken to St. Martin's watch-house, and on searching him there was found a nutmeg-grater box which was mine, and was in the parlour when we went to bed, on the table or bureau, we had made use of it to grate some ginger in some beer. A bundle was found when I returned from the watch-house in the parlour, packed up in a blue apron (produces it) I know all it contains to be mine, they had been removed from the shop into the parlour; all are here but a pair of small-clothes, which I let a customer have who was going out of town; the cloth is worth twenty-six shillings.
How had the men got into the house?
I think they must have got in by a pick-lock key, I did not see any mark of violence at all; a pair of shoes and a hat were left in the parlour, which the prisoner owned to be his, he would not own the blue apron; he was without hat or shoes when he was taken to the watch-house; the things in the bundle are worth more than five pounds.
Was any part of the house broke open, or any wards broken?
I apprehend the lock was picked; I fastened the house up myself between seven and eight o'clock.
What do you know of this?
I stopped the prisoner in Hungerford-street, and delivered him into the hands of the prosecutor; I heard him cry stop thief, as I was going to work, about six o'clock, and I am sure he is the same person; Mr. Dowman was about five yards behind him.
What are you?
I am watch-house-keeper of St. Martin's in the Fields: On saturday morning, about ten minutes past six, on the 15th of October, I was shutting the door, and was going to bed, when I heard a noise in the street; I looked out, and saw Mr. Dowman and the prisoner, with some other person; I let them in, and observed the prisoner had no hat or shoes on; I searched him, and found in his right hand waistcoat pocket a little nutmeg-grater box.
Is that the box you lost?
Yes.
Did he give any account how he came in that situation?
No.
He asked me if I knew the shoes; I said, no.
He asked me to bring both his hat and shoes into the watch-house; I did not know they were at my house at the time, but he did.
Did he take them from you? -
He was locked up; I took them to him, and shewed them to him, he owned them both; I told him to be sure they were his, but did not put them on.
Did you say any thing to induce him to own them?
No; as soon as he owned them, I told him he should not have them, but I would take them up stairs; he begged of me not to say any thing that he owned the shoes.
I have nothing to say.
