I live with Mr. Richard Harris, in Symond's-inn : On Friday the 29th of August, his chambers were broke open; I went out and left Mr. Harris in the chambers; I returned a little before nine, the laundress came out as I went in; I almost immediately after heard a noise in the bed-room; I went into the bed-room to see what it was; I looked under the bed and round the room, but could see nothing; then I heard the venetian blinds in the bed-room shake; I went to the window, moved the blind, and found the window open, which I knew had not been open all day; under this window were some leads of a few yards width, and upon looking out at the window, I saw a man making his escape from the staircase window, without a hat; Mr. Harris's window is two stories high, and this staircase window is between one and two story; I saw the bed-clothes lying upon the leads, under the window; I pursued down stairs, and saw the man running without his bat, in the inn, there was no other man near; I held him some few minutes till somebody came to my assistance, we found nothing upon him.
Did you lose sight of the object you were in pursuit of?
I did for a few minutes; when I first saw him, he turned towards the back gate, but that being fastened, he turned back again.
I heard of Mr. Harris being robbed, and after the prisoner was taken, I found a watch close by where he had like to have got away from Mr. Hester; Mr. Harris has got the watch.
In consequence of the alarm, I went upon the leads, and found a hat upon the leads, which I delivered over to the constable; I took it to the watch-house, and in consequence of his saying he had lost it in a particular place in the scuffle with Hester, I stated to have found it there, he said it was like the hat, but he did not believe it to be his; I examined the place, and found that a hole had been cut in the plaister wall, between the leads and the window for a foot-step, and it occurred to me, that he must have whitened his shoes; I then went back to the watch-house to look at his shoes, and found that the inside of the left shoe had scraped against the wall.
I am a constable: I know nothing of the robbery; I received the man into custody, and the property. (Produces it; as also the hat and shoes).
I know nothing of the robbery myself, I was so lame as not to be able to get off my chair; the sheets have my own name upon them, the gold watch is mine; I know them all to be mine.
Can you positively say whether the window had been open that day or not?
No; I was extremely ill, and occasionally obliged to lie down, and in that situation I should not have suffered the window to be open.
(To Hester.) Was the man without a hat when you first saw him?
Yes.
Was it dark?
Yes.
I was going past, I heard the cry of stop thief; there was a man and two women before me, and this gentleman came up and laid hold of me; the bat is not mine, the shoes are mine; I am a shoemaker, and every shoemaker whets his knife upon his shoe, and using a white stone it makes the shoe white.
