Where do you live?
At No. 4, Old Boswell-court, Carey-street.
Are you the mother of the deceased?
Yes.
When was the last time you saw daughter?
She left me about five minutes before four o'clock three weeks before Christmas-day, which was the 5th of December; I took her from the poor-house, to take care of her and her child; she used to sleep on Saturday nights in general with her husband; she had left me for three Saturdays to go to him.
How many children had she?
Four; two in the work-house at Barnet, not supported by him; one died, and one he drowned.
Did she take her child with her when she left you?
Yes, and every rag of its dress.
How long had she been in the work-house altogether?
She had been above twelve month.
When you took hr home, was she not uneasy in her mind?
Yes; he wanted to put her child into the work-house at Barnet, and she was so fond of it, she would not let it go.
That made her very unhappy in her mind?
Yes.
Where do you live?
In North-row, Grosvenor-square; the prisoner lodged with me, but not his wife and child: On Saturday, the 4th of December, she came, with the child, and slept with him at my house, and I saw them all three together on Sunday morning, when they breakfasted with me and my wife, between nine and ten o'clock; after which we had each a glass of rum, and I saw him, his wife and child go together form my house at about ten o'clock; I did not see him again til the evening, about half past eight, after I came from chapel.
Did he make any enquiry after his wife and child?
Not that Sunday, but the Sunday following he did; I had been to Highgate, and I believe he had been to Barnet; on his return he called for me at my mother in-law's at Highgate; her name is young; I believe he had called for me there once before in the summer; as the prisoner, my brother-in-law, and I were coming to town the Sunday after the prisoner's wife's death, he asked me if his wife had been at my house; I replied, no, not as I knew of, for I had been out in the morning.
Did his wife usually call upon him in her course of the week?
sometimes on a Saturday, and sometimes on Monday or Tuesday, but generally twice a week for some little matter of subsistence.
Did they live on good terms together?
It appeared to me, when I have heard his wife speak, that they were not on good terms,and from him the same.
Had they lived together at all during the time he lodged with you?
No; he lodged with me about half a year, or three quarters of a year; the good woman wished to be taken home as his wife, I have no doubt; and I verily believe that was the sentiments of her heart.
If I understand you, his wife used to come and sleep with him on Saturday nights?
Yes; she did not sleep many times at my house, it might be three or four times; she used to come about six o'clock to receive a little money, and stand in the street till such time a she left his business.
Do you know whether she had been addicted to drinking?
I never saw her in liquor; I have seen her but few times.
Perhaps no at all previous to her going to the work-house?
I believe never.
What her habits of life were you don't know?
No.
you have said, they left your house on the Sunday morning, and he returned abut eight in the evening?
Yes.
He said nothing about his wife?
No, not till the Sunday following.
Then there had been no rumour that she was lost?
No.
And he enquired whether you had seen her?
Yes.
As she was in the habit of coming to see him on a Saturday night, he was surprised at not seeing her?
I cannot say whether he was or not.
What is his business?
A barnessmaker.
Do you know whether he went to his work regular after the Sunday you last saw his wife?
Exactly; he came constant to his home, and went constant to his work.
And as soon as he had an opportunity of speaking to you at Highgate, he asked you if you had seen his wife?
Yes.
You are the wife of the last witness?
Yes; the prisoner lodged with us about six or eight months, and on the Saturday night before the death of his wife, she came and set with me for an hour, waiting for him, and she staid all night.
You knew her and the child well?
Very well; I was at home when they left the house, about ten in the morning, on Sunday.
Did you judge they lived on good terms?
Not at all.
How soon after this Sunday was it that you saw the body of the child at Chelsea work-house?
On Wednesday week after.
Did you know it then?
yes, it was the prisoner's child; I pulled up its eye-lids to look at the colour of its eyes; its name was Louisa.
Did you see the body of the wife?
I did not.
From what you have seen of the wife when living, do you judge her to have been given to liquor?
I cannot say; I never saw her in liquor; I saw her but few times.
Where do you live?
On Westbourne-Green, and keep what was usually called the Spotted Dog, but which is now called the Westbourne-Green tavern.
Look at the prisoner, and say whether you ever saw him and his wife and child there?
Yes, I did, on Sunday the 5th of December, about eleven o'clock in the morning, and they staid till near one o'clock.
What age do you suppose the child to be?
I suppose it to be near twelve months old.
Had they any steaks?
yes, the prisoner cooked them himself; the woman had a twopenny galss of brandy, and they had four pints of porter between them.
How far is your house from the Mitre te-ver?
About two miles; mine is on the towing-path side, and that is on the other side.
When the wife was at your house, and while the Prisoner was by, did you hear her say any thing- in what sort of spirits was she?
She seemed rather low, and as if she had been crying; she observed to me, that she had been there three times to meet a man who owed her husband some money, and if the busniess was not settled on the that days, she would not come after it any more; I remember to have seen her before in my house three times, but do not recollect the days.
Did you see which way they went when they left your house?
No.
How soon after did you see the body of the woman?
I believe it was a fortnight all but one day, at Wormwood Scrubs.
Do you know whether that was the body of the woman who was with the prisoer at your house?
Yes, I am sure of it.
Did she not say, she was determined not to come again?
I cannot say exactly the words.
She seemed very uneasy?
Were you waiter at the Mitre tavern, near Wormwood Scrubs, by the Paddington canal, on the 5th of December?
Yes, and recollect seeing the prisoner very well that day at two o'clock.
Your house is on the opposite side to the towing-path?
yes; his wife and child were with him; he called for a quartern of rum, which I took, and poured him out a glass first: he offered it to his wife; she told him to drink it first, which he did, and she had the other; then they had four pennyworth of bread and cheese and a pint of beer, and another pint after that; they went away about half past four, but they had another quartern of rum about a quarter of an hour before they went.
What makes you think it was half past foun?
Because it was getting quite dark.
Then they could not have left your house so early as three?
No, it was half past four, as near as I can guess.
Did they leave your house together?
Were you in the house all the time they were there?
Yes.
Did either of them request to have any bed, or propose to stay all night?
Not in my hearing.
Which way did they go?
They turned to the left, to come towards London, on the side opposite to the towing-path.
Setting off in that direction, how long would it be before they could get to the opposite side?
In about a quarter of an hour.
How near is there a bridge from your house, to get the nearest way to the towing-path?
About fifty yards from our house, but they went the other way towards the swing bridge, which is a quarter of an hour's walk.
Did you remark it at all?
No; I saw them about one hundred yards from our house.
is that the common way to go to London?
No.
Do you recollect Sarah Daniels coming to your house?
Yes.
How soon after you last saw the man and woman?
About ten minutes.
What did she come for?
Some candles and milk.
As far as you could see the prisoner and his wife from your house, did they appear to go together?
Yes.
Did either of them appear to be the least the worse for liquor?
No, not the least.
Did you see the body of the woman which was found?
yes.
Was it the same woman who was at your house?
Yes, the same woman, and the same cloaths.
How many other servants are there beside you?
None.
Will you swear it was later than half past three when they left your house?
Yes.
Have you any clock in the tap-room?
No. we have none in the house.
Then you only speak from a recollection that it was dark at the time?
Yes; it was not quite dark, there was a kind of fog coming on.
Might it not be the effect of the fog?
It must be half past four I am certain; because my mistress came into the tap-room for a candle.
Do you recollect any body asking your mistress what o'clock it was, after the prisoner was gone, and her saying it was, only half past three?
No; there was nobody in the house but my mistress and me.
Sarah Daniels came there I understand - do you recollect any observation made by your mistress, that the reason of her\\ light\\ ing candles so soon was in consequence of the fog?
No.
It is about an hour's walk from your house to town?
Yes.
Taking which road?
If they take the towing-path road.
Is not the towing-path road a considerable round?
It is.
Did not the man and woman take the properest road?
There is no road at all for carriages, horses, or foot-path.
Do you know where Mr. Fillingham lives - was not by his house the nearest road?
Yes; but they did not go across the fields to Mr. Fillingham's house, they kept along side the canal.
The way they went, was not there a path by the canl, and a paling?
Mr. Fillingham's paling is about ten feet from the water.
Is a person who goes that way obliged; to walk inside or outside the paling?
Outside; but nobody has any busness along there, for there is a couple of gates put up with bushes on them to prevent any body getting over.
Is there not a large stump of a tree place by the gate, upon which persons step and get over?
No; but there are plenty of places where they may get over into Mr. Fillingham's fields, but that is not the road or path.
You cannot say whether they went over his fields or not?
No, I cannot.
Which is the proper road for travellers, or which people usually take?
The towing-path. They had got past the path that goes to Mr. Fillingham's when I last saw them, but had not got to the gates with the bushes, which was about two hundred yardsw distant.
I keep the Mitre tavern, and recollect seeing the prisoner there on Sunday the 5th of December, with a woman and child, they had been there a good while before I saw them; I served them with a quartern of rum, and they had a pint of beer after it. They left our house, as near as I can recollect, about half past four, by the grey of the evening coming on, for we have no clock.
Did either of them appear to be the worse for liquor?
Not the least that I observed.
Do you recollect Sarah Daniels being in your house?
She came to buy a candle to take to her master; they were then gone; and the man came back for a shoe which the child had left, but could not find it.
How long had the man been gone before you saw Denilds?
Not a minute.
Were you and your servant, Goff, the only persons there?
Yes, and the man, woman, and child.
Did they ask to have a bed at your house?
No.
DId you ask any person that day half-a-crown for a bed?
No; nor never since I have lived on that sopt.
Did you afterwards see the body of the woman?
Yes, and am clear it is the same woman and the same cloaths.
You have said there was nobody but yourself and the young man your waiter?
Nobody, except the prisoner, his wife and child.
The prisoner had been there some time, had he not?
I don't know what time he came; I went into the tap-room in the grey of the evening.
You don't mean to say there had been nobody else there that day?
No, I don't know who was in the tap-room.
Therefore whatever might be charged for a bed by any person there, you cannot tell?
No.
When the woman went away, did she not take her apron, and in a sort of desponding way say, she would never be there againgt?
she took her child on her left are, and threw the tail of her gown over its head, and I threw the other end over to her, in doing which she gave her elbow a twist, and said, this is the last time I shall come here.
Did it appear in a desponding way?
No, I did not think so.
Then, by your account, she said it more in a huff than in a desponding way?
I don't know, I did not think any thing of it.
Who do you live with?
Mr. Fillingham, near the Mitre. On Sunday evening, the 5th of December, I went there for two candles about five o'clock, when it was abot dusk
What time do you generally drink tea at Mr. Fillinghma's?
We generally drink tea about five o'clock.
How soon was this before it was dark?
Not soon.
How were the tea-things when you returned home?
They were being set.
Did you meet any body as you went to the Mitre?
yes, a man and a woman with a child in her arms; I saw the woman first, and she said to the child, here's daddy coming.
How far was the man from the woman?
Not far; about as far as I am from you, about four yards.
How far from the Mitre?
Not far.
You had never seen either of them before?
No.
How long after was it that you saw the prisoner in custody?
A good while
You were very angry with him for being guilty of this supposed crime?
Did nobody tell you that the man who was in custody, and whom you were to see, was the man who had drowned his wife?
Yes, the officer.
And he then told you that was the man you had seen on the road?
Yes.
And it is in consequnece of that you say he is the man?
Yes.
Did you recollect him agian when you saw him?
Yes.
It was only for a moment, you only passed the man?
No.
Was ther any more than one man or one woman who passed by you?
No.
Are you fellow workman with the prisoner at Mr. Bushnell's, the coach-maker's?
yes.
Did you know where the prisoner lodged?
perfectly well. I met him on Sunday the 5th of December, at Mr. Bradfield's door, about six o'clock, or very little after; and he went to the sign of the Horse Grnadier along with me.
How long did you stay there?
I think we parted about a quarter past eight, or thereabouts.
Are you quite sure it was not seven when you met him?
I am certain of that.
Did he say any thing that evening about his wife or child?
No.
Had he said any thing to you before respecting them?
No further than I asked him what could make him so uncontented as not to go along with me willingly; he said, he thought I was rather cleaner than he was.
Did he and his wife live together?
No.
Had you any conversatuion on that subject?
I told him, I wished they could live happy and comfortable together as I and my wife did; and he said, he was determined not to live with her any more.
Did he not appear as he usually did?
He appeared as though he had been out for a walk; he told me he had been drinking a little.
He did not appear like a person with whom any struggle had been made?
No.
Did he tell you where he had been at all?
No.
Do you know the distance from the grenadier to whetstone?
About nine miles.
Had the prisoner been into his lodgings before he went with you?
No.
I am a barge-man: On Monday the 6th of December, I found the body of an instant udner the bow of my barbe, covered with ice, about a mile from the Mitre, in the middle of Chelsea-reach, as it is called. By direction of Sir Richard Ford, I dragged for the body of a woman, and on the third day, I found it close to the Mitre public-house; I ha dragged upwards from London towards the house, and when we bauled the drag up, we found a bush and the woman together.
I am one of the Magistrate belonging to Bow-street, and ordered the prisoner to be apprehended, about a week after the body of the child was found; he was examined before me two or three times, and at two examinations, his defence was read distinctly over to him, and he desired some correction to be made, which was done; Iread it over to him paragraph by paragrah, and at each distinct period, I asked him if it was true, and he said, yes; I then told him, he might sign it or not, it was for him to consider the consequence of it, and he chose to sign it.
Was there the least inducement or threat, or promise?
Not the least; it was perfectly voluntary on his part.
The interlineations which appear in it were put in at his particular request, I believe?
Yes, at the second or thired examination. I read over the sumer examinations, and asked him if it was true; and he said, he wished that to be added.( The paper read):
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes, he used to work in the same shop with me.
Did you call upon him while he was in custody at the Brown-Bear, Bow-street, and what did he say?
I went on Monday, the 27th, and asked him how he did, he said middling; I said I am sorry to see you in this situation, he said he was so too, but was as innocent as the child unborn, and that if he could get any one to come forward to say, or swear, I think was the word, that he was at such a plae, he shoud be cleared immediately, but did not mention the place; I then left him, saying, good bye, I am sorry for you.
You are the master of the prisoner?
Yes; He was a most diligent man, and earned about 24s. a week in the summer, and 21s. in winter, besies what time he made over.
Did you visit him in his confinement?
Out of respect for so valuable a servant, and hosest, steady, and sober man, I did; I said, Foster, I am forty to see you in this situation; is there any thing I can do for you? he said, in case it was not too much trouble, he would request me to go to the Green Dragon, at
I keep the Green-Dragon at Highgate.
Do you recollect any man enquiring after Mrs. Young?
Not a man only, there was a man and woman, and child, came to enquire after her one Sunday evening, when candles were lighted, but I cannot say what Sunday; the man, when he enquired after Mrs. Yound, turned to his wife. and said, that is Bradfields's mother; the woman had a child in her arms, and said she had bee somewhere to see her children, and seemed very fatigued with walking; I think she said either Whetstone or Barnet.
I leave my defence to my counsel; the witer at the Mitre did not serve us with any thing; the mistress brought the first quartern of rum and poured it out.
I served the prisoner with rum, on my oath.
You are Corner for the county of Middlesex?
I am.
Did you take a view of the body?
yes.
Did you observe any marks of violence, either on the mother or child?
Not the least; I had a surgeon to examine the child.
Was the child's arm broke?
No such thing, there was not the least bruise.
What was the verdict of the Corner's Jury?
Accidental death.
Have you taken a view of the place in which this act is supposed to have been committed?
Yes, I know it very well.
Describe whether going round by Mr. Fillingham's house is the shortest way to London or not, from the Mtre?
A considerable deal; if you go round by the towing-path, you must go by the canal all the way; it is a very short distance from the canal to Mr. Fillingham's house; between the rail and the side of the river it is impossible to walk with safety, it is so slippery it is likde soap: it is a very little way to Mr. Fillingham's, which is a good road, and then pass the house into the Harrow-road.
Can you state the distance from the Mitre tavern to Whetstone?
I suppose ten miles.
How fae, going by the lanes?
I cannot tell which way to go by lanes; there may be a shorter way through that part of the country, but I should think that would be seven or eight miles, and from Whestone back again about nine, altogether about sixteen miles.
My husband is a smith, the prisoner and his wife lodged with us twice before she went to the work-house, about four years ago.
Has she ever said any thing to you respecting her inclination or disinclination to remain in this world?
No, I was very much surprised to hear she was in the work-house, because he was a very tender husband and a good father.
Have you heard her express any wish to continue in the world or to leave it?
No, I cannot recollect.
