On the 24th of December, about half-past five in the morning, I and my husband were going in a cart to Chertsey-market, from Hounslow; there was some snow on the ground, which gave a great light; just as we got to Feltham-hill , a man in a smock frock rushed out by the cart, and said, b - t your eyes, stop; my husband gave a pull at the reins, and a man immediately put a pistol close to me; he said, b - t your eyes, stop; and I think he said, Clifford, stop; the next words I heard was, b - t your eyes shoot the horse; I cannot tell whether these words came from the same man, or from some other man.
What did he stop you for?
That I cannot say, whether it was to rob us or nor; he was as close at the side of the cart, as close could be; I then struck violently with the whip at the horse, and immediately a voice said, b - t your eyes, shoot the horse, and I saw a pistol immediately pointed at the flank of the horse; a pistol was fired, the horse gave a spring, and we got away.
Do you recollect the person that stopped you?
Yes, by the flash of his pistol; I had a full view of him, I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Did you know him before?
No; I saw him again at Bow-street, a few days after; I believe, the Wednesday following; I recollected him again as soon as I saw him at Bow-street.
When you saw the prisoner at Bow-street, he was in custody?
Yes.
Did you say, at Bow-street, that you knew he was the man?
Yes, I say, that is the man.
When you were before the Magistrate at Bow-street, did you say that was the man?
I said, I believed he was the man, and now I am sure he is the man.
The light that you had came from the reflection of the snow?
Yes.
The whole transaction did not take up half a moment?
No.
Did you not say before the Magistrate, that from the shortness of the time, and the extreme alarm you were in, you could not say whether he was the man or not, and I tell you, I have your examination in my hand?
I know that is the man.
But you did not say so at that time?
I cannot say.
I went out about half-past five, with my wife; as we were riding between Feltham and Feltham-hill, in a trot, all of a sudden, an alarm from the man's voice came, b-t your eyes; I turned round and saw a man pointing a pistol against the side of my wife's head; my wife then struck the horse, and there was a voice, but whether from the same or not, I cannot tell; b-t your eyes, shoot the horse; then the pistol was pointed right for the flank of the horse, and off it went; and when the pistol went off, by the light of the flash I saw the man's face.
Had you an opportunity of observing the man's face, so as to speak to him?
Yes; I had seen him many times as I was going backwards and forwards to Chertsey-market, he lived just before you come to Chertsey-bridge; I knew him at the time when I saw him at Bow-street, I knew him immediately.
How far is it from Feltham-hill, to Chertsey-bridge?
Four or five miles.
You were very much alarmed, were you not?
I cannot say I was much alarmed, because I rather expected it; the moment the pistol was fired, I knew him.
Did you go before any Magistrate?
Yes, Mr. Anderson, at Bedfont.
But he was not taken by any officer belonging to Mr. Anderson, but by some officer belonging to Bow-street?
Yes.
As this man lived at Chertsey-bridge, why did you not seek after the man that day, at Chertsey?
I was busy about the market, and wanted to get home to my family.
I follow the fishing business ; my father, and mother, and sister are here to prove that I was not out of my father's house, from eight the night before to eight the next morning.
I am a fisherman, the father of the prisoner; he was taken into custody the day after Christmas-day; he lived in my house, just at the bridge foot; he had not been away from home for several days; he slept every night with his sister, a child of eleven years old.
What time did you see him the morning before Christmas-day?
I went through his bedchamber about half-past six.
How many rooms have you in the house?
Three, all on one floor; I go through his room to bed.
Do the doors of all the three rooms communicate with the passage that leads to the outer door?
Yes.
In either of these rooms, can you observe every person that goes out of your house?
Yes.
What, when you are in bed?
No.
There are but three rooms?
No.
You are forced to go through his room to your own?
Yes.
Does the door of your room generally stand open?
Sometimes, and sometimes shut; he never went away from home.
Who went to bed first that night?
I did, and my son followed me up immediately.
How far from your house is it to Feltham-hill?
About five miles or rather more.
How far is it from Feltham town?
I should suppose it was six.
What day of the week was it before Christmas-day?
Monday.
What day was it you saw him in bed?
Every morning.
Then there was nothing particular in the day before Christmas-day; you saw him in bed every morning when you got up?
Yes.
Then there is nothing particular in that day?
No.
Have you any clock in the house?
No; there is one at the next house that I can lie and hear.
Is your son's room on the ground floor?
No, up one pair of stairs.
Your bed-room is the furthest?
Yes.
Therefore, if he wished to go out, he could, without going through your room?
Yes.
And therefore he might go out of the house without alarming you when you were asleep?
I get very little sleep, that I do not think he could get out without my hearing him.
There is nothing particular to six you to the day?
No; I always found him in bed when I got up.
How do you know it was so early as half-past six?
I was called up by a bargeman that employs me to carry lime through the bridge.
Then you were obliged to be called up?
No, I was not called up.
You said you were, just now; do you mean to say you were called up, or not?
I cannot say whether I was or not.
Then you only mean to say that you generally found him in bed?
Yes.
Did you hear when he was taken up?
Yes; I was by when he was taken up, not a hundred yards from my own house.
Did not you enquire what he was taken up for?
The gentlemen would not resolve me or him neither.
Where was he taken to?
I cannot say.
Do you mean to say, that you saw him in bed?
Yes.
What, at half-past six o'clock?
Yes; because his head lies close against the window, and I saw his clothes lying upon the bed.
Do you mean to swear that there was sufficient light for you to discover his cloaths from the bed cloaths?
I cannot say, but I saw the breeches upon the floor; my house is on the Middlesex side of the river, and the windows to the south.
You say that you helped to draw a barge with lime through the bridge?
Yes.
Do you mean to say that the navigation was not stopped at that time?
No, it was not.
The prisoner is my son, he has lived with me for two months; he was taken up the day after Christmas-day.
Where did he sleep on Christmas-night?
In my house.
Where did he sleep the night before Christmas night?
In my house; he went to bed at eight o'clock the night before Christmas-day; I went to bed last, my husband went to bed first, I fastened up the house.
Are you sure your son had gone to bed?
Yes, my little girl, ten years old, sleeps with him; I saw him the next morning in my own house, about a quarter after eight; I got up about half past seven, my husband got up first about six o'clock.
Did your husband go out?
Yes, about a quarter of a mile from home; he went down to the bridge.
How does your son get his livelihood?
In the summer by fishing, and in the winter by barge work; I saw him in bed when I got up, at half past seven o'clock, I came through his room; he did not get up till a quarter past eight.
What time does your son usually get up?
He does not get up at any particular time since he has been out of work; he has not got up till eight, or half past eight, or nine, or any time when I call him to breakfast; he went to bed that night at half past eight.
Is it not possible for him to get up privately, and go out of the house, without your knowledge?
No, he cannot; because I carry the key up stairs with me.
Who called your husband up that morning?
Nobody; he got up of his own accord, about half past six.
Did not one of the bargemen call him up?
I did not hear him.
Were you awake?
I do not know.
How soon did you awake that morning?
Directly as my husband got out of bed.
How do you know that it was the day before Christmas-day that you observed your son?
Nothing particular.
There was nothing particular to call your attention to him that day?
Nothing.
Was it very light when you got up?
Not very light.
And that was half past seven?
Yes.
Did you see him before you got up?
Yes; I saw him in bed.
Your husband got up about six o'clock?
Yes.
Whether it was after or before you cannot tell?
No.
How was it when your husband got up?
Very dark.
Could he see any thing in the room?
From the glimmer of the window he might.
Supposing there was a great coat upon the bed, could you distinguish it, do you think, from the bed-clothes?
I do not think I could.
Could you have known a pair of breeches upon the floor from any thing else?
No.
Which way do the windows of your room look?
To the river.
Which way does the window of your son's room look, does it look to the river?
No.
Then there is no light from the river into your son's room?
No.
What sort of a lock is it to your door?
A very good one.
Is it a lock that pulls back on the inside?
No; it opens with a key only, and I keep the key in my pocket in my room.
Have you any other door?
Yes, a back door, that goes into a little back yard, where there is a pump.
What is that back yard?
There are several neighbours belong to the pump.
How do the neighbours get to the pump?
Their back doors come out that way.
Is there no passage from that yard to the street, or public highway?
No.
Is this yard surrounded by houses, or paling?
By the neighbours' gardens.
How is it separated from the neighbours' gardens?
With paling.
How high is that paling?
About a yard and a half high, and that garden is surrounded by houses.
How is your back door fastened?
By a bolt.
How did your husband get out that morning?
He asked me for the key.
Be so good as read what the woman said before the Magistrate.
