Last Thursday, about a quarter past three o'clock in the afternoon, as I was passing over London-bridge , I was near the centre arch of the bridge, when the prisoner at the bar put his hand into my pocket, and took out a silk handkerchief, and put it into his breast, and ran away with it, and a mob after him; I can prove that he threw it into a shop.
You did not see me throw it into a shop.
You are sure the prisoner was the person that picked your pocket?
I am very sure.
Did you see me pick your pocket?
I saw you pick my pocket, and I saw you put it into your breast.
Did you see my hand in your pocket?
I could not see behind me; I felt your hand in my pocket.
That is a falsehood, sir.
What do you know of this transaction?
I was coming up Tooley-street, about a quarter past three o'clock, and heard the cry of stop thief; the first man I met was the prisoner at the bar, at the corner of the White Horse, in Tothill-street; I pursued him, and when I got about twenty or thirty yards in the court, I saw him put his hand into his bosom and throw away a handkerchief into a green-grocer's shop; the woman of the shop picked it up immediately, and gave it to me over the hatchway; he was stopped, and the gentleman came up and claimed the handkerchief, and he asked me to get an officer; I went to Union-hall and brought an officer, and that gentleman gave charge of him.
You are sure that it was the prisoner that chucked the handkerchief into that shop?
Yes.
I am an officer: I was sent for, between the hours of three and four, to take the prisoner into custody.
Please your honour, I was coming over the bridge, on Thursday evening, about a quarter after three; I was going to meet a waggon with some flour, and saw the handkerchief lying on one of the seats on the bridge; I did not know who it belonged to any more than any gentleman who sits here; so soon as this gentleman saw me put it into my bosom, he sung out, stop thief; I am as innocent as either of the gentlemen of the Jury that sits round there; I am not guilty of any thing of the kind, I never did see who it belonged to, nor I never saw the gentleman's pocket.
