On the 29th of October, between the hours of one and two o'clock, I was crossing the Park from St. James's to Pimlico ; the prisoner and two more were at the gate; the prisoner came up to me; I desired her to go about her business, I did not want any thing to do with her; she still came with me to the middle of the walk; I gave her a shilling and told her to go about her business; she still persisted in going by the side of me; she took my watch out of my pocket privately.
Did you perceive it
I perceived it afterwards.
Did you feel it
I just slighty felt it; I put my hand down into my pocket, my watch was gone; she ran off with the watch and went towards the palace. I went to the centinel that was on duty and told him that I was robbed of my watch; I did not pursue her any further because she was gone out of my sight; this was on the Saturday; on the Wednesday following I saw the prisoner at Queen square office.
When you perceived the watch going why did not you stop her
It was done momentary, and she ran away; I did not perceive which way she went.
Perhaps you was not perfectly sober
No, I was rather in liquor.
How long was all this going forward
I suppose not more than five minutes from the first time that she spoke to me.
Where had you been that night
At the Star and Garter, Pall Mall; I had supped with a friend of mine that came from Sunbury; he was a tradesman that was going to return into the country.
Had you been drinking at all
I drank porter and brandy and water; I cannot say how much.
I hope you took no liberties with this girl
No; she took liberties with me.
Did you find your watch again
Yes; the officer has the watch.
I am an officer. On the Wednesday, Wagstaffe, one of the witnesses, came up to the office, and said he knew where the watch and the prisoner was; I went with him and apprehended her; Wagstaffe gave up the watch at the office; I have had it in my custody ever since.
I am a soldier. On the 29th of October, near one o'clock, I met the prisoner against the Queen's palace; my wife, I, and the prisoner went to the White Horse, suttling house; we had a glass of gin each; my wife told me that the prisoner had got a watch; I asked her what she had got by her side; she said a watch; it was tied by a string to her side; she shewed it me, but refused to let me have it in my hand. We came out of the suttling house, the prisoner, and my wife, and me, and we all went home to my apartment and dined together. I sat in a chair and pulled her on my knee and asked to let me look at the watch again; she gave it into my hand; she told me a gentleman had given it her, during a month while he was gone in the country, she did not know his name; I told her I should detain it till I heard a further account of it. When I heard she had robbed a man in the park I accused her of it; she said that she lit of the gentleman in the park, and while they were in conversation she took it out of his pocket; I delivered it up before the magistrate to Mr. Renny.
This gentleman was coming from St. James street: me and two more young women were going along, he asked us to walk with him; we did. He and I sat down in the park. When I left him I kicked my foot against it, I picked it up, I found it was this watch; I did not know that it belonged to this gentleman.
