On the 18th of August last, about one o'clock, I was in Cheapside , with my wife and her sister, who were walking behind me; I found something gone from my pocket; Mrs. Tilden said, immediately,
\"Your pocketbook;\" I turned round, and saw a man running from me, across the street; I pursued him down Lawrence-lane, and followed him into King-street, where he took to the right hand of a stand of coaches; I got very near him, and he ran between two hackney coaches, rather under the poll of one; two ticket-porters caught him, and he was taken to Guildhall; my pocket-book was picked up and given to Mrs. Tilden; the person taken is the prisoner; I am quite sure that the prisoner is the person taken by them, and the person I saw first running.
You had never seen the person of the man before he ran from you?
No; I had not seen him.
The street was very full of people; was it not?
As full as in general; he was the man that I saw running; there were others running about twenty yards from him, after him; he run down Lawrence-lane and Trump-street.
Did you not lose sight of him turning the corners?
I was within fifteen or twenty yards from him.
Were there not other people running?
Yes.
Were there none who made the turning before you and the prisoner?
I will not swear there was not; I kept crying stop thief.
On the 18th of August I was walking with my sister, in Cheapside; Mr. Tilden was before me two or three yards; a man passed between me and a shop window, rather roughly, which induced me to look up; he put his arm a-kimbo, and I looked at his face; I know him again; the prisoner is the man; I saw two men join him; he was the middle of the three; he put his hand in my husband's coat-pocket, which was open; I left my sister's arm, and took hold of his coat with one hand, and with the other touched Mr. Tilden's shoulder, and said, Mr. Tilden, your pocket or pocket-book, I don't know which; the prisoner slew from my husband, and run away, and Mr. Tilden pursued him; I stepped into a shop, and Mr. Tilden's pocket-book was brought to me by a gentleman; I saw the prisoner again before the sitting Alderman, and knew him again.
You were much alarmed?
Yes.
Did you see any thing in his hand?
No.
You never saw him before that day?
No.
Being alarmed, do you mean to swear to the person of the man?
I do, because his face made such an impression on me, when he passed me.
Are you sure he was the person who had his hand in the pocket?
I am sure he is.
Notwithstanding your alarm?
Yes; because I particularly observed him.
Are you sure the man who passed you was the man who put his hand in your husband's pocket?
I am positive.
I am clerk to the house of Ripley, in the city: On the 18th of August, I was in King-street, and heard the cry of stop thief, and saw a person coming between the coaches, who threw a pocket-book away; the person who run through the coaches was stopped, and I believe it to be the prisoner.
The person Mr. Tilden pursued was stopped?
Yes.
Whether the prisoner you cannot swear?
No.
I had been to Newgate-market, and just by King-street there was a cry of stop thief; I dropped my piece of meat, which I had in my hand, by the pushing of the people, and away I run as fast as any of them; upon which they took me, and said I was the thief.
