Last Wednesday evening we were shoving some goods off the Leith and Berwick Wharf , between six and seven o'clock; I think there was an alarm that a man had gone off the wharf with a chest of tea upon his back; some persons pointed out the way that he was gone, and he went up Burr-street, I saw nobody there; I then turned up an alley, and in the alley I met a man with the chest.
Who was that man?
That is the man at the bar; I asked him where he was going with that chest; he made no reply, but threw the chest down, and ran away directly; a young man that was with me followed him and took him, and I took care of the chest; I got some neighbours to help the chest up upon my back; I put the chest down on the wharf, and laid it by till the prisoner was in hold.
You did not see the prisoner on the wharf?
No, not till we brought him there.
You had a vast quantity of goods on the wharf?
Yes.
These things are brought in carts to the wharf?
Yes.
Therefore, for aught you know, this might have been taken from the cart before it got to the wharf?
I cannot say.
I work for Messrs. Paxton and Laurie: On Wednesday evening, about seven o'clock, I saw that man go off with a chest of tea upon his back; the chest was laying upon some casks within the gate.
Is the wharf inclosed by gates?
Yes; I called to James Brant , and told him there was a man gone off with a chest of tea; and I went out of the gate, and asked the carman if he had seen a man with a chest upon his back; and he directed me; I called to James Brant, and he pursued the man, and I followed him; I do not know the name of a street, I am but a stranger; we found him in a little alley, and he threw down the chest; I went after him, and laid hold of him; I carried him back to the wharf, and took him into the accompting-room.
Do you know whose chest it was?
Mr. Paxton and Laurie had the charge of it.
Who had the actual charge of it?
I suppose Mr. Hopwell; he is the clerk.
I received this chest on account of Paxton and Laurie, proprietors of the wharf from Messrs. Bennett's, in Cheapside; I had seen it about half an hour before it was missing, in the warehouse; and I sent it down, to be handy for shipping; it was placed about half-way down the wharf, between the gate and the waterside; the two men brought the prisoner back, and he was secured.
What does the chest contain?
Tea.
What is the value of it?
Fifteen pounds.
The value you got from the information of other persons?
Yes; that is what Paxton and Laurie are answerable for; the bill is fifteen pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine-pence.
And your house must have paid that sum, if the property had not been recovered?
Yes.
What do you suppose the weight to be?
I should suppose about ninety pounds.
What is the lowest price of any kind of tea?
I should suppose about two shillings and ten-pence.
I went to look for work at Wapping; and when I came past this place, a man offered me half-a-crown or a couple of shillings if I would carry it for him.
