I live in Old Gravel-lane , I keep a fish-shop, and green-grocer's : On Tuesday the 25th of March, about a quarter after seven, or between seven and eight, in the evening, I left my shop, and locked the door, the shop and house is all under one roof; there is no way through the shop, there is a passage to go up stairs; I had pulled down both the windows, and fastened them with a fork; I was absent about ten minutes at the farthest, I left a candle burning in the parlour; when I returned, I found the door locked, I missed a bundle containing two cotton gowns, and a holland frilled shirt tied up in a silk handkerchief, I had seen it immediately before I went out; I heard of the property again last Tuesday three weeks, I saw them at Shadwell-office.
I live in Mill-lane, Tooley-street, along with my father, he is a millwright: Charles Moren , Abraham Robus , and I, went out a thieving; on Tuesday night, the 25th of March, going down the bottom of Old Gravel-lane, we saw James Chesterman , and Ned Southey , at Mrs. Smart's window; I saw Chesterman lift up the window a little way, Charles Moren came to the window and lifted it quite up, and jumped in; he handed out a bundle to Aby Robus , which Aby Robus gave to me to take home to his lodgings, and told me to stop there till they both came to me; in a short time they both came to me; and we all three went to Solomon Jacobs 's, in Petticoat-lane, and sold the things for a guinea; I went in to Jacobs's with them, and we shared the money between us three.
What time was it?
Between seven and eight o'clock; Chesterman and Southey received no part of the money.
How did Chesterman get the window up?
He pushed it up with his hand.
Did he find any difficulty at first in getting it up?
Not that I saw; the bundle contained two gowns, and one frilled shirt, in a very old crossbar handkerchief; I have known the prisoner twelve months, I have known Chesterman a very short time, and I had known Robus about eight weeks, before I was taken.
Was it dark at that time?
Yes.
I live in Petticoat-lane, I am a dealer in wearing apparel, I have known the prisoner six or seven years: On Tuesday the 25th of March, in the evening, about eight o'clock, the prisoner came to my house with Sinclair, and Abraham Robus , they brought in a bundle, and asked me whether I would buy those articles; there were two gowns, and a shirt, in a silk handkerchief; I did not know Sinclair before, I knew Robus; I gave them a guinea for them.
Did you ask them how they came by them?
No, I did not; I lived in the same house with the prisoner's mother some time ago, and he used to attend our fires upon the sabbath-day; I sold the gowns and the shirt to Mr. Clark, a dealer, in Rosemary-lane; the handkerchief was burnt, for it was very old.
How long after?
Two or three days.
I am an officer
These are the same two gowns; I remarked them before I brought them; I bought them according to the defects that were in them, and I delivered them to Mr. Brown.
I apprehended the prisoner on the 28th of April; I received information from Sinclair, after he was apprehended, and he went with me, and pointed out Mrs. Smart's shop; Haynes, Holebrook, and Cook, were with me; he then pointed out Mr. Jacobs's house, as having received the property; we apprehended Jacobs, and brought him to the office; he told me he had sold them, and would do his endeavour to get them back, which he did, and delivered them to me; I have had them in my custody ever since.
I got the gowns back from Mr. Clark, but he could not tell whom he had sold the shirt to.
This is one of my gowns I am sure, but it is now taken to pieces, it was whole when I lost it; the other I am confident is mine.
On the 25th of March, me and Ned Southey were going down Old Gravel-lane, I went to push up the window, I found it very hard to push up, and Charles Moren came to the window, and then we shoved it right up; he went in, and handed out a bundle to Aby Robus; then Aby Robus, and Moren, and Sinclair, all went away with the bundle; Ned Southey and I came away from the window; and then, at night, I went to Moren's lodgings, and he said he sold the bundle for a guinea.
I do not know what to say.
