I live in Bush-lane, Cannon-street , the prisoner at the bar was cook in my service a twelvemonth ago; while she was in my service we lost several things, and amongst the rest the property laid in the indictment; she was dismissed from my service in April, 1805, I heard no more of her till about a week or ten days ago; about the 14th of April, 1805; I am not sure to the day; in consequence of information I went to the police office, in Worship-street, there I saw some of my property, the silver desert spoon, the silver teaspoon, the tablecloth, and the towel, they are marked.
Your house is in the city.
Yes.
You do not know where the things were found.
I do not; when I saw the property there they were in the county of Middlesex.
I was present when the prisoner's box was opened at Mr. Wood's house, in Finsbury-square, on the 29th of April.
Was the prisoner a servant in that house.
She was living with Mr. Wood, I saw the silver spoons, and the tablecloth taken out of her box.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street; I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody, I had these things delivered to me at Mr. Wood's, Finsbury Square; I produce them; I saw the tea spoon found in her box.
I saw these things found in her box.
Was the prisoner present at the time.
Yes, she said that she bought them in Whitecross-street, at a pawnbroker's shop; this pocket book was likewise found in her pocket with this gold broach, she said that she found them in sweeping the floor about three years ago, but she could not tell where it was that she found the broach and the pocket book; the tablecloth was found in her box, and this napkin.
On the 29th of April, about half after nine in the morning, her box had been opened before I came, and some spoons had been found in the box, which were delivered to me, the linen I found myself in the box; I searched her pocket and took out this pocket book and the broach; I asked her where she got it, she said that she found the pocket book and the broach when she was sweeping a room, between two and three years ago; I then asked her where she got the spoons, she told me that she bought them at a pawnbroker's in Red cross-street, and gave five shillings or five shillings and three pence for them; I asked her where she got the linen from, she said she had them left her by an aunt of hers; the letters has been picked out, but there is very plain the remainder of the V, on the tablecloth; on the towel there is the remains of the V, and the number 18, on it.
(to prosecutor) Are these things your property.
With respect to the linen I cannot venture to swear to, but as to the spoons I have no doubt at all.
Is there on the linen any mark.
Yes, the towel has a V and the figure 18.
Your surname does begin with a V.
Yes.
I want to know whether your linen was so marked.
I believe it was.
Were you in the habit of having your linen marked with the initials of your name, and numbered.
I was.
From the circumstance of being marked with a V and numbered, do you believe they are yours.
I verily believe they are, I cannot take upon me to say positively, but I have no doubt in my own mind that the table-cloth and the napkin are mine; with respect to the table cloth we have some of the same identical pattern that I remember in use, but I own that it is not decisive; the spoons I venture to swear positively are mine, they are particularly marked, and I think I know their faces from the frequent use of them; the desert spoon is marked with the crest of a mermaid, the tea spoon has a Roman V under the Hall mark, at the back of the spoon, they were missed at the time the prisoner was in my service, and great search was made for them; it is our practise to have the plate put into a particular place every night.
I am clerk to Mr. Vandercombe and reside in his house; the broach which was produced I am perfectly confident is my property; the pocket book I believe to be mine, the broach was enclosed inside of the pocket book when I lost it, the pocket book has been very much worn since and defaced, I lost it shortly after it was given to me, I put it in my drawers in my bed room in Mr. Vandercombe's house: I do not know that my drawers were always locked.
I picked up the pocket book when I was sweeping up the room after the carpenters had done working in the room, the young gentleman moved out of his room into another room, I did not consider the pocket book of any value, I thought it was to be thrown away; that gold pin I never noticed was in the pocket book; as for the spoons I gave five shillings and ninepence for them, they have been in my possession near five years, I bought them at a pawnbroker's in Red-cross-street, the table linen has been mine fifteen years, before I ever saw Mr. Vandercombe.
(to prosecutor) Whether this is possible to be true that she should have the plate and the linen in the way she states.
The linen she says she has had fifteen years; I cannot say any more than I have, it may possibly be the case, but with respect to the spoons they have been in my house before April 1805.
How long was she in your service.
Only two months.
