As I was going home late on Saturday night, the 26th of April, I was hustled by three or four persons and knocked down in Field-lane, Saffron Hill , and after that they robbed me of my hat.
Was the prisoner one of them.
I noticed him, I supposed him to be one of them, I saw him afterwards, he had dark blue clothes on.
Did you see any body take your hat.
They knocked me down and my hat tumbled off, and they run away with it.
Who ran away with it.
I cannot swear to the man that ran away with it; they left me a hat with the crown hanging only by a little bit.
Who run away with it, you did not see.
I cannot swear to the man that ran away with it.
This was on Saturday night.
Yes, on Sunday morning I went down the same street, I saw the prisoner with my hat on his head.
Did you know him by his face or by the hat.
I knew him by the hat, and I had a little suspicion of him by his dress, he was dressed in blue and there was nobody dressed in blue but himself.
What time of the night was it.
It was half after eleven.
It was dark, could you tell whether his coat was blue or brown.
I could tell it was a dark jacket and trowsers; when I saw him the next morning I went up to him, and said, my friend do you know whose hat you have got on your head, he gave me a saucy answer, and offered to strike me.
What is your hat worth.
Two shillings; when I attacked him with my hat the officers stepped up and took him.
Was you drunk or sober that night.
I had drank some beer, but I was very sober.
What are you.
I am a painter and glazier .
Had you any money in your pocket.
Yes, I had the change of a pound note, I had been and bought a pair of stockings, I had sixteen or seventeen shillings in my pocket I lost none of my money.
On Sunday the 27th of April myself in company with Stanton and Wood, two brother officers were going down Saffron Hill, I saw a number of Irish people collected together, I then informed my brother officers there was a noise amongst the Irish people and that we would go down and quell them; when I got there I heard the last witness tell the prisoner that he had been knocked down and robbed of his hat, and that he had got his hat on his head, the prisoner tried to strike the prosecutor, and would if he could have got at him; I heard first of all the word, police officers, by some of the Irish people who were standing around; we were all three around him at that time, he attempted to run away, I ran through the mob, and got hold of him by the collar; I then took off the hat and told Wood to hide it, and not to let the prosecutor see what marks there were about it, Stanton took hold of the other side of him, we then led him away; going along, the prosecutor said it was his hat, there had been some paint dropped on the top of it which had been scraped off, the hat was so marked as he has described; I handcuffed him, and thought he was secure, then he made his escape and ran away, we caught him again with the handcuffs on; I took this hat from the prosecutor, this is the hat the prisoner left behind; the prisoner said this was his own hat that he had left behind, and that he had picked up the prosecutor's hat by accident. (This is the prosecutor's hat, and here is the place as he has described.)
This is my hat.
I was going down Field-lane on Saturday night, I saw a row before me, when I came up I was knocked down, and my hat fell off, and I picked up the first hat I could, I do not know whether that is the hat or no, I was drunk, I did not know what I was doing of, I was going home.
