I live at No. 18, Royston-street, Clerkenwell, I am the father of the second wife, her name was Gough, her name now is Sally Pilot . I am a carpenter.
A master carpenter
Not now; I was at the time when that happened.
Your daughter was married to the prisoner
Yes, on the 14th of March 1807 , I was present at the marriage; they were married at Hampstead church .
In what situation of life was the prisoner then
He was a stationer and copper-plate printer .
Mr. Gough, this prosecution is not carried on by you
. No.
Not your daughter
She is made to prosecute.
What worthy gentleman is it that found her out, and got her to go before a magistrate; Mr. Page, is he not the he person had been an acquaintance of his; he had some quarrel with Mr. Cole
I have heard something about it.
He pays the expences of this prosecution, not you
I cannot.
I am the parish clerk of Hampstead.
Turn to the register of the marriage of John Cole with Sally Pilot
John Cole , of the parish of St. Mary Islington, widower, and Sally Pilot , widow, of this parish, were married in this church by license, 14th of March 1807, by me Charles Greetham , curate, John Cole and Sally Pilot, in the presence of Ann Gough, and Edward Gough .
I live in Shoreditch church-yard. I produce the marriage register in 1809; John Cole of this parish, widower, and Martha Vaux , of this parish, widow, were married in this church by banns, this 24th day of June, Elizabeth Herendon and John Fleetwood are the subscribing witnesses.
Do you know the prisoner
Yes; I am the subscribing witness to this marriage at Shoreditch church. I was present at the ceremony.
Is John Cole the person who was married on that day to Martha Vaux
He was; and Martha Vaux is now alive; she dined with me yesterday.
You are the sister of the first wife
I am.
She is not the person that prosecutes in this indictment
No.
She and the defendant have been seperated a good while
I believe about three years.
He allows her thirty pounds a year, he had the misfortune at the time of that separation to be deranged
Not to my knowledge.
I am a breeches maker. I live now in the Strand.
Did you know the defendant and Sally Pilot before they were married
Perfectly well; shortly before they were married they came to my house together in February.
Did she or did she not know that he had a wife living
She certainly did; she was introduced as his cousin by Mr. Cole. In the course of the afternoon the conversation of the separation came up, of Mr. Cole's first wife, and what was the cause of it.
And was his first wife then talked of as a person then certainly living
She certainly was.
How long was this before the marriage
. This was in February 1807, I do not know when they were married.
They were married in March.
I am the wife of the last witness.
Do you know Mr. Cole and Sally Pilot
I knew them both before they were married.
Do you know whether she did or did not know that he had a wife living
She did know; the first time I saw her was on Fast-day in February; I conversed with her upon the subject; she knew she was a person then living; I have had two or three conversations with her when Mrs. Cole's name was mentioned.
I am the wife of Robert Gill , he is a clerk in an accompting house; the first time I saw Sally Pilot , Mr. Cole introduced her to me as a person that was going to keep his house on Fast-day, 1807.
Before they were actually married had you any conversation with respect to the first wife
On Sunday following, or the Sunday afterwards, a conversation took place respecting Mr. Cole's child; she said she had seen a little child which was nursing at Islington; she said it was a delicate child; she said she heard Mrs. Cole was a very good looking woman, but I never had the pleasure of seeing her.
Let me beg of you to be very cautious without straining your conscience - did you know that this man was married when you married
I did not; I understood he had been married but was divorced.
You understood that he had been separated from his wife sometime
. Yes.
You know that she was living
No, I did not enquire.
You are not the prosecutor on the subject
No, I am not.
You were sought out by Mr. Page
Yes.
He is one of the singing men of St. Pauls
Yes.
He told you to go before the magistrate or you would be guilty of compounding felony
I do not remember the exact words.
That is the substance of it
He told me the magistrate was waiting for me, I must be there by three o'clock.
Did Mr. Cole tell you that he had been married and that he had been divorced
. He told me that he was divorced.
