I live at No 19, Featherstone-street. On the 29th of April I lost a tenon saw out of Mr. Price's building, Crown-street , I am a carpenter , I had been at work there; on the same evening I went to Mr. Salmon, a pawnbroker, in Whitecross-street, I found the saw pledged there, I am sure it is mine.
I live at No. 104, Whitecross-street, at Mr. Salmon's. On the 29th of April, the prisoner at the bar came to our shop, I believe about the middle of the day, to pledge a saw and three planes, I advanced him ten shillings on them.
I am a constable, I produce the saw, I received it from Mr. Salmon.
That is the saw I received from the prisoner.
I am certain it is my saw, it is worth six or seven shillings, I was using the saw about an hour before I missed it.
I know nothing at all about that saw; last Monday I went to pledge two saws of my own, and the first place I carried them to, a pawnbroker's in Chiswell-street, I told him I wanted seven shillings, he said that was too much, he would lend me six shillings, he said are they your own saws, I said yes, he said there is a young man has lost a saw, and it has been found in Whitecross-street; as this gentleman would not let me have seven shillings, I went to this gentleman's in Whitecross-street, I laid the two saws down on the counter, I told him I wanted seven shillings, he asked me my name, and I not telling him my own name, I happened to think of the name that that saw was pledged in; the pawnbroker says, have not you any tools here before, I said I have not, he said are you sure of that, he brings me this saw down, and asked me if I knew it, I said I did not, he detained me and sent for the prosecutor, that was the instigation of my being brought here.
In consequence of his bringing the two saws which he just mentioned, I sent for Torry, and his giving the same name, as he had done on the 29th of April, he was taken into custody.
Are you sure that the prisoner brought that saw.
I am certain that he is the identical man; he said it was his own property.
