I live with Mr. Harley, a publican in Parker street; I took some liquor into Mr. How's yard; the prisoner gave me half a crown to pay for it; I was sent somewhere else with some more liquor, and turning back I saw a man come out of the yard with a wheel.
You saw the prisoner did not you
Yes, I saw him fall down with the wheel.
Was he drunk
Yes, apparently; I helped to pick him up. I went into the yard with the change. I found the man was gone.
Then you did not know that was the man that bought the gin
No, I was not certain that was the man that wanted the change; there were other workmen in the shop.
Were they in the yard where they could see him take the wheel
I did not see any; I went in with the change, they told me the man was gone and the wheel was missing; I directed them where he was gone, and they went immediately after him; when he came back he asked me for the change; I gave it to him.
I am a coachmaker, I live in Great Queen street. I went in search of the prisoner; there were others went different roads; he was taken to the watchhouse with the wheel before I returned.
There was a wheel missing
Yes; that I saw.
When was it missing
Near seven o'clock in the evening.
I work at Mr. How's; as soon as Mr. Watson missed the fore wheel from Mr. How's back premises, he went in search after the thief; I likewise ran into Gate street Lincoln's Inn fields, I saw a man carrying a wheel across Gate street; I ran as fast as I could and collared the man, upon which the wheel dropped; I asked him where he got that wheel, and where he was going with it; he said he had no wheel, nor had not seen a wheel all that night.
How was he carrying the wheel
He was carrying the wheel on his arm; I am sure the prisoner is the man that had the wheel; I knew him as soon as I collared him; I kept him in custody till I got a watchman, and the wheel was brought back to the premises where it was taken from. It is Mr. How's wheel, it is not completely finished.
Do you know whose wheel it is
It is quite a new wheel, it belongs to Mr. Robert How .
Has Mr. How any partner
He has none except Mrs. How.
This wheel is not finished
It is not quite finished, it wants the nails putting in.
Do you call a thing a wheel till it is quite finished
Undoubtedly it is.
Is it a wheel
I can call it nothing else.
Now honest friend, were you one of the persons that was treated by this person with some gin
I was not; I was not there.
Was he sober
He had been drinking, I believe.
Was he quite sober or a little drunk
A drunken man could not have managed that wheel.
Do you think that a sober man would carry a wheel in that manner, do not you think that a sober man would not have trundled it along rather than carry two hundred weight
I saw him carrying it on his right arm.
Could not he have got on much faster if he had trundled it along
Yes, he could, but it would have made an alarm.
Upon your oath was not he quite drunk
He was the worse for liquor.
Was not he very drunk
He could not be very drunk else he could not have carried the wheel along.
I had a shopmate along with me, he was discharged; he asked me to go to that shop to ask for employment; I went to Mr. How's, Mr. Fletcher was not at home; the horse keeper said let us have some gin; I gave the girl half a crown to get three half quarterns of gin; I went away and did not take the change. I forgot myself and went back for the change; I did not take any thing.
