I live in Cotton-street, Poplar . I had a house there,
Did you let the prisoner any part of your house, and what
I let her the house; I reserved three rooms of the house to myself; my husband went abroad the 19th of last June; I received from him two fifty pound bank notes and other notes, I cannot exactly say what; there were some ten pounds some two and some ones.
Was there any money
No, there was not, I kept the notes in a purse, placed in a drawer, locked up. On Saturday the 19th of November I received of the prisoner ten pounds for fixtures, I took the purse, out of my drawer to give her a one pound note in change; I locked the purse up again, and after that I went to my mother's in Ashton-street, Poplar. The prisoner came to me on the 21st and told me that I had been robbed; I asked her whether she heard any noise; she said, yes, and she made her little boy strike a light. When I went home I saw a sheet spread on the ground, and the contents of the drawer emptied into that; I looked for my money, I found it was all gone; I tried the key of her chamber door; I found it unlocked mine.
Had you locked the door before you went out
Yes. One pane of glass of the window was broke over the hasp, and some of the glass was inside of the room.
What room is this
The one pair of stairs front room. There were plate in the room that had never been touched; I came to London and gave information about it.
You say you had two fifty pound notes do you know the number of them
I cannot exactly say now; I received them of Mr. Henfield, my husband received them on the 3d of February, the year before; I have had them ever since.
You live at Shadwell
Yes; I am an appraiser and auctioneer; I appraised the effects between Mr. Yoert and Mr. Waltham the balance was two hundred and seventy pounds eight shillings and eleven-pence.
Was there a fifty pound bank note with that
There were two fifty's; one was No. 9104, October 2nd in my book, 1807; I paid that to Mr. Yoert along with the others.
You are servant to Messrs. Stock, Cooper and Watson
Yes; they are linen-drapers, Holborn Hill.
Do you know the person of the prisoner
I have seen the person that I believe to be the same; I do not take upon me to swear; I believe it to be the prisoner; she came in our shop, to the best of my recollection in the month of February, and from a certain entry in the book, (I did not make the entry myself) she purchased a piece of linen, the bleacher's name of which is Samuel Conn , about twenty-six yards; she paid for it by a fifty pound bank note; she told me her name was Sarah May , No. 5, Jamaica-place, Lime-house. Upon that note I wrote her name and address. The total\\ amountof the goods that she bought I believe was about seven or eight pounds; but of that I cannot charge my memory precisely.
Have you seen that linen which you sold to her since
Which I believe to be the same, from I having the bleacher's name, Samuel Conn , having also the private mark of Stock and co. and being of the same quality that I recollect was sold. I have since been in company with the police officer to execute a warrant at the house of Westbrook, on the 9th of this present month; and on my going to the door I enquired if she recollected buying any goods of Stock and Cooper in Holborn, to which she answered yes. I stood in the door way when the officer came, and I repeated the same question, and as to the recollection of my person; she then appeared to hesitate, and said that though she recollected bying goods in Holborn, she did not recollect the name of the shop, nor my person. We asked her several questions afterwards, most of which she answered with apparent indifference, and said, I do not recollect. By the prisoner a piece of linen was produced out of a box from under the bed, she was desired to produce a piece of linen.
When it was taken out of the box, and you saw it, did you know it to be the same piece
I believe it to be the same; she produced from the same box four tablecloths; I knew the tablecloths, two of them had the private mark on then, and the other two had the price marked in plain figures in the hand writing of Mr. Watson, a partner in the house, and a pair of stockings, which had also the private mark.
What did you do with the fifty pound note that you took
I deposited it in the till after having referred to Mr. Watson respecting the propriety of giving the prisoner change; I marked it before I put it in the till; that note was taken from the till by Mr. Watson, that is the usual course of the business; I do not know that I saw it done.
You are clerk in the house of Messrs. Stock, Cooper and co.
I am. I went in company with the last witness on the 9th of May to No. 5, Jamaica-place, Limehouse, we were told that no such person lived there, nor had not for three years; I produce the cash book.
Does there appear any cash paid into Robarts and co's. house on the 25th of February
Paid into the hands of Robarts and co. twelve hundred and eighty-three pounds eleven shillings; it was composed of bank notes and checks.
You are clerk to Robarts and co.
Yes; I have a book of cash entered of Stock, Cooper and co. the entry is my own. On the 25th of February, twelve hundred and eighty-three pounds eleven shillings; it was composed of bank notes, drafts, and some country bank notes. There is a fifty pound note, No. 9104, dated the 22nd of October, 1807.
You belong to the bank of England
Yes. No. 9104 was paid into the bank of England; a fifty pound note; the indorsement is Sarah May , 5, Jamaica-place, Limehouse.
. Look at that bank note and tell me whether that is your hand writing at the back of it
It is. I never upon any occasion indorsed any bank note for the prisoner except that; I know it to be the same.
You know that you received a note on that day but your doubt is whether it was from the prisoner
. After the elapse of so many months I might be mistaken.
Now, sir, looking at her, to the best of you belief do you believe she is the person
.I do; so far as my memory is perfect it is the prisoner; but it is possible my recollection may not be sufficient.
I am an officer of Shadwell office.
Did you go for the purpose of executing a warrant
Yes, on the 9th of May. Mr. Cooper went to the door first, he rapped at the door, the other gentleman was with him; I stood at a little distance behind, till the door was opened; Mr. Cooper said to the prisoner, how do you do ma'am; he then asked her where the linen was which she bought of him in Holborn; she turned herself a little way round, and said she did not recollect him, she bought some linen in Holborn, but she did not recollect the shop. I then left the other officer below, and proceeded up stairs with Mr. Cooper and the other gentleman. When we got up stairs, Mr. Cooper asked where the linen was; she took the keys out of her pocket, and pulled the box out from under the bed, she said there it was; I took it out of the box, Mr. Cooper said it was the property that was bought at their shop. Then I looked in the chest of drawers in the room; she said what are you looking for money, I told her yes; looking for money as well as any thing else; she then said come into the other room, for that she took the bunch of keys, and undid another chest of drawers. In this pocket-book there was a twenty pound note, and a ten pound note; I asked her how she came by it, and who she had taken it of, she said she did not know; I told her it was very strange that she could not inform me and the gentleman where she took these two notes. I took one of these small keys from her bunch of keys, and unlocked a drawer in a dressing case that belonged to her; there I found a one pound note and some new six-pences; I asked her then how she came by that, she said she did not know that it was there, she could not give any account of it; I locked the drawers again, and went down to Mrs. Yoert's lodgings; I tried one of these keys, it undid Mrs. Yoert's drawers; I brought the keys, the notes, and linen, all away. I examined Mrs. Yoert's premises on the 22nd of November, I saw the glass was broke just over the hasp; I found then that the glass had been broken on the inside. The points of the glass were standing out in the street; I told Mrs. Yoert then that I was satisfied it was done by somebody in the house; I tried the key of Mrs. Westbrook's chamber door, it undid Mrs. Yoert's, it is a common chamber key. These are the two tablecloths, and this is the Irish linen.
These tablecloths are part of the things found in the house; whether they were what I sold, I cannot recollect; the Irish answers the description exactly of the one I sold; it is of the same quality with the name of Stock and Cooper on it, and the name of the bleacher, Conn I can also prove a certain date that these goods must have gone out of the house; I have here an invoice of a certain quantity of tablecloths; I believe these two to be a part; it bears date the 21st of February; and I have here an entry of the last remaining part of these cloths in our house, on the 2nd of March, being sent out of our house to be bleached, on account of being stole; then they were sold on the 25th of March, to whom I do not know.
The result of your evidence is, these things were sold on the 25th of March - you do not say they were sold to the prisoner, only you believe it
I believe it to be her as far as my recollection serves me.
The note that is produced, what is the real date of it
October 22, 1807.
