I am a brewer, I board and lodge with my mother in Maddox-street Hanover-square , my mother keeps the house, she is a widow: On the 10th of February about the hour of one o'clock, noon day, I was informed by my servant, that they had met a man in the house with a bundle under his arm, and he had gone out with it, it was wrapped up in an apron, I immediately pursued the prisoner, he was stopped in Hanover-street by a friend of mine, and with his assistance I secured him; I saw him go up Poland-street, that leads to Hanover-street, with something under his arm; he threw it down the area, it was part of a leaden pipe.
Are you quite sure this is the man you pursued?
Yes, I am perfectly sure.
I am a dealer in bottles; I was standing at Mr. Stamford's shop, a baker in Hanover-street, facing of Poland-street; I saw the prisoner at the bar come up Poland-street with a parcel under his arm, wrapped up in a canvas cloth; I saw John Green in pursuit of him, as I thought; the prisoner turned his head round when he got to New Poland-street, in Hanover-street; I then crossed over the way and took him; he resisted for about twenty minutes; then we tied his hands, and he was taken to Mount-street watch-house.
What became of the parcel?
It was delivered into the watch-house keeper's hands by me; I picked it up in the area, and part in the street; it was wrapped up in an apron, and the apron was hanging on the rails.
I am servant to Mrs. Green; I had been out for a pint of beer, and when I came in I saw this man going out of the passage, with a parcel under his arm.
Are you sure this is the man?
Yes, he turned round, and asked me if his acquaintance was there; I told him, no, I had seen him there the over-night, talking to a person, but I do not know who they were; I am sure this is the man.
I produce the lead; it is the same lead, I am confident of; it has been locked up ever since; it is part of a pipe leading from the street to a water-butt; after I had taken the prisoner I missed the lead that leads to the butt; I had seen it there on Friday, the 8th of February, when I filled the butt.
Are you able to say it was taken off these premises?
I am.
I am innocent of the charge laid against me.
