Where do you live?
At No. 5, Friar-street, Black-srairs; I am a carpenter, I know the prisoner as clerk to Mr. Yerraway, with whom I have dealt a great many years, he is a timber and coal-merchant in Earl-street; there was a bound for 250l. between me and Mr. Yerraway; I called at the accompting house, and saw the prisoner; I went for the purpose of paying 861. 10s. which I paid to the prisoner on the account of Mr. Yerraway; I paid it in four twenty-pound Banknotes, a five-ponds Bank-note, and I believe a two-pound note; he gave me in change then shillings; he gave me a receipt for it.
The prisoner wrote the receipt, and signed it in my presence.
There was something of a bond between you and Mr. Yerraway?
Yes, there was.
We have it here, and Mr. Yerraway is here.
I believe the prisoner till this time bore an unexceptionable character?
I never heard any harm of him.
I believe you are a timber and coal-merchant, in Earl-street, Black-friars?
Yes; the prisoner was my clerk; it was the business of my clerks to pay me money they have received the moment I come home.
Did you ever receive from him eighty-fix pounds ten shillings as a payment from Mr. Harrison on a bound?
Never, from that time to this.
Do you keep a banker?
I keep my money at the Bank of England.
Were you in town on the 11th of September?
No; I was not in town till the 16th; when I came to town, I sent for the prisoner, and asked him if any person had wanted me during my absence; he said, no, three had not; I told him it was rather odd three or four days should elapse without my being wanted; he said, no person had wanted me; about half past nine, while I was at breaksast, the accompting-house bell was rang; I enquired for the clerk, but he was not to be found; I never saw him again till the Monday morning following, it was on the Thursday that I came to town; I found him on the Monday at his lodgings on St. Andrew's-hill, where I took him; I asked him about different sums, and among the rest, this, but could get no account from him; he said he could not account to me for it.
Have you any partner in your business?
I have not.
How long has this young man lived with you?
About fourteen months; he lived with me five or six years ago; he then behaved as well as any young man could do.
I suppose you don't know of your own know ledge, without the assistance of a book, whether this money was paid into the Bank or not?
This money would have been entered only in my cash-book.
Is that book here?
No.
If the money had been received, you would have entered it with your own hand in the cash-book?
Yes.
You are servant to Mr. Yerraway?
I am.
Was the prisoner clerk to him on the 14th of September?
He was; I received on that day 49l. 19s. from Mr. Wright, a carpenter, in Theobald's-road; the prisoner gave me a bill, and told me to go and receive it for Mr. Yerraway; I went to Mr. Wright, and he paid me one 25l. Bank-note, two 10l. Bank-notes, and a 5l. Banknote; the prisoner gave me one shilling, which I gave Mr. Wright in change; when I came home, I gave the prisoner the 49l. 19s. in Mr. Yerraway's accompting-house, the same as I had received it from Mr. Wright.
You are a carpenter in Theobald's-road?
I am: On the 14th of September, John East brought me a bill for payment, which was due that day I paid him a 25l. Bank-note, two tens, and a five, and he gave me one shilling in change.
That is the bill, it has my receipt upon the back of it.
You had a bill upon Mr. Wright?
I had; I gave the prisoner directions to send for the payment of that bill; I went out of town on the 10th of September, and returned on the 16th.
Have you ever received the payment of that bill, or any sum of money to that amount?
I have not.
Did ou afterwards go to Mr. Wright, and make enquiry of him?
No, I did not; I enquired of the prisoner respecting it, but he gave me no account of it; he left my service the morning I came home.
