On Thursday the 12th of December, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I received some directions from Mr. Nathaniel Dunbar , in consequence of which, I went to the house of a Mr. Fisher, in Virginia-street .
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
She lived there, I found her there; I asked her whether she had been ill; she said she had been indisposed with a cold, not very ill; I said, I believed she was about to undergo a very minute investigation with respect to making away with a child that she had been delivered of; she denied it, and said she had not been delivered of a child, and went very freely with me to Mr. Dunbar; I waited there, by the order of the church-wardens, to know what was the opinion of Mr. Judson, the surgeon, who was there; the girl was sent home to her mistress, and I was sent, by order of the church-wardens, to wait to know the opinion of another gentleman, Mr. Pearson; and after Mr. Judson and Mr. Pearson were satisfied of her situation, I was ordered to take her to the work-house; I asked her if she knew the situation she was in; I told her both these gentlemen are of opinion you have been delivered of a child, did you tell them so; she said, no, she had not told them; I asked her if she had not been delivered; she said, yes, she had, in her mistress's parlour, the Tuesday before, this was on Thursday the 12th; I asked her if any person was with her; she said, no, it was born dead; I said, how do you know it was born dead; she said she held it some time, and it was dead; I asked her if it was male or female; she said it was a little girl; I asked her where she had put it, if she had wrapped it up in any thing; she said, no, I took her to the work-house; the privy was searched for a matter of two hours, but we could find nothing that night; the next day, Friday, it was searched again, and I saw a female child taken out.
If you make use of this confession you must take it altogether, unless you can contradict it.
We certainly cannot contradict it.
I am a surgeon, in the parish of St. George: I was called in to examine the prisoner on the 12th of December; I afterwards examined the child.
Can you say, from any appearance of the body, whether the child was born alive or not?
I cannot.
