I am an officer of Excise: On the 20th of April, 1795, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the evening, I went with Thomas Wright , an officer, to the premises where Mr. Riley carried on his soap manufactory, at Collier's-row, about two miles from Rumford; I went with Mr. Wright in consequence of something he had said; the manufactory was carried on in a barn; we could discover very distinctly, from the outside of the barn, what was going on; at that time they were cleansing soap.
By cleansing soap, you mean emptying it from the copper, in which it was boiled, into the frames that receive it?
Yes; they were emptying it into boxes placed in a cart.
The proper things they ought to have been emptied into were frames, not boxes?
Yes.
That was an improper thing to empty it into?
Yes.
Why improper?
Not being entered utenfils.
Who were the persons engaged in doing this?
One Riley, who was the master, and Owen Rooke .
Who is he?
The man at the bar; he was employed as a workman.
Who else?
, and Nicholas Brady ; and one Thomas Keirnan , son to John Keirnan. I requested Mr. Wright to call for more assistance, as we were not force enough to go into the house; I continued watching when Wright went off for assistance; Wright, in going for assistance, disturbed a dog in the soap-house.
Did you see what became of the cart?
No, I did not; I was obliged to quit the barn for my personal safety. The dog being disturbed came down and made a great noise, when Keirnan came out of the soap-house, called to the dog, and bid him be quiet.
John Keirnan was convicted here?
Yes; he bid the dog be quiet, and I left the barn for fear they should discover me, and went to another part of the soap-house. On the 21st, between the hours of four and five o'clock in the morning, I went towards the barn again, not hearing any body at work; on looking into the barn, I saw no person but the prisoner at the bar, on which I went in, and made a survey, examined the premises, and found a box of soap, which had been newly cleansed, concealed under two other boxes.
A box which the liquid had been poured into?
Yes; when taken from the copper; the prisoner at the bar informed me that was the whole that had been cleansed that night.
Was that true or not?
Not true; I saw a greater quantity cleansed; I then quitted the soap-house, and went towards Riley's house, or Keirnan's house, with whom he lived, about one eighth or a mile across a couple of fields; I met Wright previously to my arriving there. I went into Keirnan's premises, and saw an empty cart, Keirnan asked me what business I had there; I told him I had come for a quantity of soap which was brought there, Wright saw it; he informed me that it was false, that there had not been any soap brought there, and ordered me to quit the premises, at the same time, taking up a pitch-fork, he threatened my destruction unless I quitted the premises.
Did he know who you were?
He did; I had surveyed the house many times.
Afterwards, you quitted the premises?
I did; Wright was with me, I sent him to call for more assistance. After Wright left me, I began to reason with Keirnan on the impropriety of his conduct, when he request me to walk in, and see if we could not accommodate the matter; to settle the matter, and make it up between us, he thought I was a different sort of person; I told him I came there to do my duty, and would do my duty, and and refused to go in with him; Keirnan's son went out on the common and caught a horse, which horse he brought into Keirnan's yard; Keirnan harnessed it, and put it in the cart; he took a key from his pocket, and placed four boxes of soap in this cart, and John Keirnan drove it out on the common; Nicholas Brady , Owen Rooke , the prisoner at the bar, and Thomas Keirnan , were with him. Upon seeing the cart move, Nicholas Brady jumped at me, wrested a large stick out of my hand, and struck me several brows.
While the others were with him?
Yes.
Had you done any thing to prevent the cart going out?
I was walking towards the gate to prevent it; I then closed with him, when we both fell to the ground; when I regained my legs, I was joined by two soldiers with their side-arms, William Fisher, and William Pearman . The prisoner at the bar had a large garden hoe in his hand, Keirnan had a pitch-fork. When I regained my legs, the prisoner at the bar brandished the hoe at me two or three different times; they threatened to strike me unless I desisted from following the cart; the cart being got some distance on the common, I was attacked again, by Nicholas Brady , I was making towards the cart at that time; when I closed with him, and we both fell again to the ground; Brady then sat on my breast, he got uppermost, and put his fingers under my neckcloth, and turned it once or twice.
Was it very tight?
It had a pad within, he could not bring it close.
In what manner did he pull your neckcloth?
Attempting to tighten it; that was Nicholas Brady .
While he was in that situation, tightening the neckcloth, did you see any thing more?
The prisoner at the bar, with the hoe in his hand, came and said, lay him out, and I will finish him; after that, he struck me two or three blows on the head with the hoe, the blunt part; but having my high-crowned hat on, with a handkerchief inside, it did not materially injure me; I then requested them to consider what they were at, and not for one crime they had committed, add one of a more atrocious nature.
What did you expect they would do to you?
Treat me ill; when I regained my legs, they told me, unless I desisted from pursuing the cart, they would put an end to me, or be my destruction; I still followed the cart, and the prisoner at the bar, and Brady, both aimed blows at me, which I avoided by putting my head forward.
Had the prisoner at the bar the same weapon with him?
He had; I put my hand into my inside pocket, and took out a pistol, and turning round towards them, I threatened to fire if either of them struck me another blow. The cart being now got a great way on the common, I made away after it, they still followed; one of the soldiers had been wounded, and was gone for assistance, he had been wounded in the sleshy part of his arm; the other was attacked by the prisoner at the bar; John Keirnan told the soldiers that I was no officer but a highwayman; I still kept following the cart, when I was again interrupted by Keirnan, who threatened to run me through with a pitch-fork; and, when he found I was going on, he reversed the pitch-fork, and hit me on the arm; the blow was aimed at my head; I then told him, if he struck me another blow, I should fire at him; and one of the soldiers told me more assistance was coming; he had been for assistance, and was returning with two others; I passed-Keirnan, and came up with the cart with one of the soldiers, and I received two or three blows from the lad who was driving the cart; I jumped up in the cart, and took off the cover of the boxes, and saw the soap in a fluid state, and made my seizure.
About what quantity of soap, in this fluid state, was there in the cart?
About seven hundred weight.
You seized it, and it was afterwards condemned?
Yes.
Did the prisoner, Rooke, know you before this time?
He had seen me several times at the soap-house; he knew me as an officer of Excise when I surveyed the house, and the other officer had been ill.
Though so many times assaulted, or beaten, by these people, did you fire your pistol at all?
No, I did not.
How long did you feel the effect of the blows you received?
My arms were black for a fortnight afterwards. The handkerchief in my hat prevented the mischief to my head.
The boxes you found in the cart were full of soap, not in the regular frames which soap-makers put them into?
Yes, they were improper boxes, and unentered untensils.
If I understand you rightly, you mean to say, this injury you sustained was from the other man, and not much from the prisoner at the bar?
Principally from Brady and Keirnan.
Though these men struck you, the blows did not injure you?
No, they did not.
You were not the regular officer surveying the premises belonging to his master?
No.
He had not an opportunity of knowing you were an Excise-officer?
I had frequently surveyed the premises while the officer was ill.
But was the prisoner at the bar there?
Yes, always.
You had not warrant on this occasion?
No.
Had you your deputation about you, to shew you were an officer?
I cannot recollect that I had.
The injury was prevented by your hat being stuffed with a handkerchief?
Yes.
You acted with the other officer?
Yes.
