The prisoner came to live with me in March 1799; she said, that she understood I wanted some person to take care of my house; I asked her what wages, she said, she did not want wages, she wanted peace and quiteness, she referred to a M. Le Marchand, a counsellor of the Parliament of Rouen; he came with her, and said she was a very proper person.
Where do you live?
At Knightsbridge ; I was robbed in August last.
Was any application made to you by Mr. Winden, to settle an account for bread?
No, nor did I know that such a man did exist, till I was arrested.
Did you furnish the prisoner, from time to time, with money to pay for the articles of housekeeping?
Yes, regularly every day, constantly
On the 25th of August, was there any dispute between you and her, with respect to accounts?
I was arrested upon a note which I never gave; I sent for Mr. Winden.
Did she, during the explanation, stay in your house, or did she run away?
She left the house; I then examined my plate, and, instead of finding it, I found but three silver knives.
Who had the care of the place where the plate was deposited?
She had, and went away with the keys.
Did you at any time give her authority to pawn any of your plate?
Never; I called at Bow-street, when I left the spunging-house, and got a search-warrant; I was present when the house was searched; I found this pocket-book full of duplicates, and in searching the drawers, they found other tickets.
You had no dispute with the prisoner till the 25th of August last?
Never.
Have you lived in perfect harmony with her?
Yes, as much as a master can do with a servant.
You thought it extremely odd that you should be arrested, and she be the means of it?
Yes.
Then the dispute arose?
I had no dispute.
You were a little angry at her being the means of your being arrested?
Certainly I was.
Did not you prefer a bill of indictment to the Grand Jury at this sessions, for forging that note upon which you were arrested?
I did
And the Grand Jury threw out that bill, did not they?
That I do not know.
How long after this note, and this dispute, did she remain in your house?
She went away directly, I never saw her again till I saw her at the bar at Bow-street.
That was the next day?
Yes.
Do not you know that she went to Mr. De Clerville's, and that he came with her the next day to Bow-street?
I did not think Mr. De Clerville capable of so base an action, after he had eaten and drank, and been cloathed in my house for five years, and after I had begged for him
Do you mean to say, upon your oath, that you yourself never pawned any of the articles belonging to yourself?
Two or three years before, I had pawned almost all the plate that I had.
In December last, did you pawn any thing, and what?
I never have since the prisoner has been in my house.
Upon your oath, did you never redeem any property which was pawned in December last by the prisoner at the bar?
I did.
That was in December last?
I cannot positively say.
What were those things that you redeemed?
A gold watch and a diamond ring, and to the best of my recollection I never redeemed any thing else.
How long did the prisoner live with you after that?
I cannot say.
A month?
More than that.
I understood you to say, that you never gave her authority to pledge any thing?
I never did.
There was that ring, you know?
I pledged it by some person.
Did you not send it by the prisoner?
To the best of my recollection, I did not.
Was not that ring pawned for 10l. during the time that the prisoner lived with you?
I cannot recollect; I gave her a watch to pledge for me that I had redeemed.
You gave her no wages at all?
I gave her a present now and then.
She was not in the character of a servant to you?
I never took her in any other shape.
Then she did not dine with you, and sit at table?
Yes, she did; she prepared the dinner, and dined with me.
Do you mean to say you never gave authority to the prisoner to pledge any of the articles, except the watch?
I cannot recollect.
You have been in the habit of pawning your plate for some time?
When I wanted money, I thought it was better to go to the pawnbroker's, than to go for the bills that were owing to me; I have done so for fourteen or fifteen years.
Have you ever given the prisoner authority to pledge any one of those articles for which the is now indicted?
Never.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a constable: I had a search-warrant to execute in the house of one Mrs. Martin in Brompton-row; I received a quantity of duplicates from Mr. March; one duplicate I found in a woman's pocket, in a drawer, in Mr. March's house; I found a silver spoon in her pocket; I apprehended her at Mrs. Martin's; she was washing a child when I went in, in the apartments of a Frenchman, of the name of De Clerville.
(To March). Whose drawers were those in which the pocket was found?
The drawers in her room, under her lock.
It does not relate to any thing in this indictment.
Look at that spoon?
This is my spoon.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I lived with Mr. March about two months before Mrs. Vignette left him, and live with him now.
Do you know whether Mr. March supplied her with money for the house-keeping accounts?
Yes, I do; I was present when the drawers were searched; they were in Mrs. Vignette's use; the drawers were locked, and I got Mr. March a couple of knives to open them; there were several duplicates and a pocket found.
The things were partly pawned in my name, and partly in her own.
Was the prisoner at the bar the servant of Mr. March?
She was house-keeper.
She always dined with him?
Yes.
You looked upon her as much your mistress, as Mr. March was your master?
I used to call her my mistress.
We have heard of a Mr. De Clerville, do you know him?
He came to the house but little after I came.
I believe your master was not quite pleased with that gentleman coming backwards and forwards?
I cannot say for that; I never saw any thing pass between Mr. March and Mrs. Vignette in my life.
Upon the solemn oath you have taken, from any thing you have ever seen or even can guess at, do you believe that any thing improper took place between Mr. March and Mrs. Vignette?
Never, in all my life.
I am going to put a serious question to you; upon your oath was there ever any improper familiarity took place between you and Mrs. Vignette?
Upon my oath there never was.
Did you keep her as an upper servant, or as a mistress?
Upon my oath, only as my servant.
You are 81 years of age, I believe?
I am, and am a married man.
Do you live with your wife?
No, I do not.
Upon your oath, have you not given that woman leave to use your name?
I never have.
Have you any children?
I have three.
Was there a house-keeper lived with you, to whom you gave a licence to use your name?
I never did authorize any body to use my name.
Did you, or did you not know, that without your authority, she did use your name?
No, nor I never heard of it.
Did you never call that person who lived with you, previous to the prisoner, Mrs. March, upon your solemn oath?
Never.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Did you know her while she was housekeeper to Mr. March?
Yes.
Did you visit her?
Yes.
Did you consider her merely as the housekeeper of Mr. March, or had you the smallest idea of any immoral connection between them?
Never.
Do not you know that he always celebrated her birth-day?
No.
Did you never hear of it?
I have heard that Mrs. Vignette kept her birth-day.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I was chair-woman to Mr. March, near seven months.
Did you know that Mr. March furnished the prisoner with money for the use of the house?
Indeed, I do.
During the time you were in the house, have you any reason to believe that she was in any other situation than as house-keeper, or did you believe that any thing immoral was going on?
I have never had the least reason to suspect any thing of the kind.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I was a workman to Mr. March all the time that Mrs. Vignette lived with him; I worked for him in the coach line.
Were you much in the house?
No.
You considered her as the mistress of the house?
No; I did not.
(To Treadway). Did you receive any duplicates from Mr. March?
I did. (Produces them).
I am servant to Mr. Cordy, a pawnbroker, (produces a soup-ladle and eight spoons): I received them from the prisoner at the bar; I lent her six pounds on them, they are pledged in the name of Vignette, on the 29th of October; a silver lamp and candlestick for seven pounds, on the 28th; and on the 29th of August, four silver spoons and five silver forks; I received them from the prisoner.
We will admit that all the property was pawned by her.
I am servant to Mr. Turner, pawnbroker, in Panton-street, Hay-market, (produces six silver forks) they were pledged on the 4th of July, 1799; I took them in from the prisoner at the bar, I lent her four pounds ten shillings upon them; on the 21st of December, 1799, a silver waiter and a silver sugar-dish, for two pounds ten shillings; I received them from the prisoner; and a silver tea-pot for three guineas on the 28th of December.
Were you acquainted with the prisoner before?
Yes.
Did you know Mr. March?
Not myself.
I shall not call any more of the pawnbrokers.
Then we shall.
Mr. March gave me orders to pawn these things; he was short of money very often, and bid me go and get some money; I was Mr. March's friend, and he wanted money when nobody knew it but myself; he very often had not money to buy a dinner. For the Prisoner.
You are bound over to give evidence for the prosecution?
Yes; I am a pawnbroker in Princes-street: I know the prisoner, and I know Mr. March, and have done these ten years.
Has Mr. March been in the habit of pawning plate?
Yes, certainly; and\\ send\\ ing it.
Have you any articles of his, now in your house, unredeemed?
Yes.
Do you recollect a watch pledged by the prisoner, and Mr. March redeeming it?
I cannot take upon me to say that the prisoner pledged it.
Was there a ring?
Yes, pledged by the prisoner and redeemed by Mr. March; the ring was pledged at the same time that this gold necklace was; - (producing it) which I understood to be a present from Mr. March to the prisoner; Mr. March acknowledged it at Bow-street.
What is the value of this necklace?
Four or five guineas; there were two diamond rings pledged for ten pounds by the prisoner at the bar, which were redeemed with two other pledges, by Mr. March, the same day; I think it was on the 30th of April last.
Do you recollect when they were pledged?
The watch on the 5th of December, 1799; on the 30th of October, a ring, 10l.
At the time he came to redeem these articles, was there any complaint of Mrs. Vignette pledging them?
No.
Here is a long string of duplicates which I am furnished with by my friend, be so good as look at them, and say in what name the articles are pledged?
In the name of Mrs. March.
Had you any idea that she was not Mrs. March?
No, I conceived that she was Mrs. March; I knew that she lived with him.
In what name were those articles which Mr. March himself redeemed?
In the name of Mrs. March.
How many articles of plate have been pledged by Mr. March himself?
Many of them have been pledged over and over again, and some have been two years.
The prisoner came to live with Mr. March, in March, 1799; has Mr. March been pledging articles since?
I cannot take upon me to say that he has.
There were several things that remained over the time?
Yes; she paid the interest at the twelve months end.
He was in the constant habit of pledging articles before that time?
Yes, and before Mrs. Vignette came to live with him, the person that lived with him before pledged articles in the same way, in the name of Mrs. March.
And to his knowledge?
I have no doubt of it; he has redeemed articles pledged in that name by her.
Did you ever see Mr. March with the prisoner at any time when she pledged articles in the name of Mrs. March?
Never.
Did you ever visit at Mr. March's?
No, I was never at the house; but I conceived her to be his wife; she was always dressed in the most elegant stile.
Have you ever made any enquiry of any of the servants, upon what terms Mrs. Vignette lived with him?
No, I never did.
Did you ever hear Mr. March acknowledge that any of the plate was pledged with his knowledge?
No.
Did he ever apply to redeem any one of those articles of plate now in your possession?
No.
Did he ever pay any interest upon them?
No.
The necklace she said he made her a present of?
Yes; she said she had ordered it, and he had paid for it.
Examined by Mr. Alley. I have known the prisoner at the bar five years; I have known Mr. March about one year.
Have you ever visited at his house?
Yes.
In what situation did you conceive Mrs. Vignette in his house?
As his friend; they ate and drank together; she had the best place near the fire, and Mr. March played with her with great familiarity.
Have you heard any particular conversation pass between them?
No.
Have you ever heard Mr. March give any directions to the prisoner in case he happened to die while she lived with him; did you ever hear him say to whom his property was to go after his death?
I do not understand you.
Did you recommend this woman, and give her a character, to Mr. March?
No.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I was a servant to Mr. March for eight months and eight days, while Mrs. Vignette was there.
Was she in the capacity of a servant to Mr. March?
By no means.
Did you look up to her as the mistress of the house?
Yes, when I was first hired I took her to be Mr. March's daughter; she hired me.
I suppose you were not a great while before you found out your mistake, that she was not the daughter?
Yes.
Did you know Mr. March pretty well during that eight months?
Yes, better than I wished a great deal.
Who did the money all come from?
That I do not know; he told me, when the creditors came with the bills, to tell them, my mistress was not at home, and that when she came home the bills would be paid.
Did you or not, during that time, call the prisoner Mrs. March?
She was frequently called so.
Was she ever called Mrs. March in the presence of the prosecutor?
He might have heard it, for it was in his bed-room that she was called so.
Did she in all her conduct appear to be the house-keeper, conducting the affairs of the house as such servant; or did she appear to be the mistress of the house?
She appeared to me to be the mistress of the house; and on her birthday, he had two large tables spread with plate; and one night I was gone to bed with a very violent sore throat, and he rung the bell, and desired me to get up, and come to him; she said I was very ill; and he immediately said, she shall not stay here if you are to turn maid; let her go away to-morrow; he made her a present of a gold necklace and a locket.
You know more of Mr. March than you wish to know?
Yes, I should have wished to have left him long before, if it had not been for the lady.
For a lady that was living with Mr. March as a concubine, not married?
I did not know it.
Were you turned off, or did you go away voluntarily?
Voluntarily.
Upon your oath, did you ever see her in your master's bed-room in your life, while he was there?
A thousand times; she sat on the bed-side, never any further.
Upon your oath, how often have you been with this woman since her confinement?
Twice in Tothil-fields, and four times to-day.
Upon your oath, did she not promise to give you a character if you would swear that she was living with Mr. March in this manner?
I do not want one; I am in place.
According to your account, she was a very bad woman?
I never saw her in bed with Mr. March; about three weeks before I left I heard her in the bed-room, but I do not know what passed; I always went to bed at nine o'clock.
Upon your oath, did you ever suspect any thing improper?
I suspected it, certainly.
And though you had this opinion of her, you go to visit her in prison?
I would go a hundred miles to see her.
You have been asked how you could live with a person under the circumstances that my learned friend has stated; did not you understand that he had a wife and children?
Yes.
