I am a Swede, and a shipwright ; I lodge at James Davis 's, who keeps the Three Foxes at Limehouse : About half past ten on Saturday night, the 29th of September, I was introduced to take a glass of punch with Mr. Peterson, Mr. Butterfield, Mr. Gammon, and Mr. Copers; I had no change, and asked Davis to change a ten-pound note; he gave me four two-pound notes, and two one-pound notes; I and Copers played at all-fours; the prisoner came in with a pipe, and called for some gin and water; Butterfield, Patterson, and Copers said, if he staid, they would go; Davis desired him to go, and he refused.
Did the prisoner play?
The landlord said he would take one hand with him, if he would walk out of the house afterwards; the prisoner agreed, and pulled out a two-pound note, and so did Davis; they were both given to Copers; a squabble took place, and Davis wanted his note back.
The landlord desired him to go off?
Yes.
What Davis asked for, was his own two-pound note?
Yes; Mr. Davis desired him to walk out, and the prisoner said, I will not for you nor any b - r in the town; Copers said, I will back you for fifty pounds, or a hundred; the prisoner struck the landlord on the face, and after he had beat the landlord he robbed me of two one-pound notes; the landlord came up again; then the prisoner asked for the two-pound; Mr. Copers pulled out a one-pound note, which was Mr. Davis's; I do not know whether Mr. Copers gave the two one-pound notes to the prisoner, or not; he asked me for it; I said I have only got a one-pound note, which I laid down on the table; I said, that is not the note; Mr. Davis said, no; the prisoner at the bar put his hand over to the one-pound note, and tore it in half, and put it in his breeches pocket; I said, do not rob me; yes, he said, you b - r, I will rob you, and you shall not take it again; I begged him to give it me; he called me a d - d b - r, and struck me over the face; I struck the prisoner, and knocked him on the floor, and when he came to me again, I knocked him down again; then they said, if I was a man, I should give him room; I knocked him down again; after that he acknowledged that he had robbed me of two one-pound notes; he said, Mr. Armstrong, I beg you will not take the law of me.
Did he say he had robbed you?
He spoke the same words that I have said myself.
Give us the same words over again?
He said, Mr. Armstrong, I acknowledge I have robbed you of two one-pound notes, I will give them to you, and ten pounds to-morrow, I have none about me now.
Was it for robbing you, or striking you?
I take it, for robbing me; the prisoner wished to leave off, as he had the worst of it.
Did Mr. Copers say any thing then?
He said they were school-fellows, and he would give me ten pounds, or twenty pounds, if I would not take the law of him.
Was the prisoner by at the time?
He was.
