How old are you?
I cannot tell; I have been servant to Mr. Cole three years.
Do you know what will become of you if you tell a lie upon your oath?
I do not know.
Is it a good thing or a bad thing to tell a lie?
I do not know, I am sure.
I am nephew to Mr. Cole: On the 8th of May, I saw Mr. Cole's horses in the field, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, there were three of them.
Where?
At Godstone ; Mr. Cole keeps the White-hart; they were missed the next morning about four o'clock, that was Friday morning; between eight and nine I set off to London; I went to Smithfield market; I got a friend, Mr. Wheeler and a constable, to search the market; Isted was with me, he saw the horse; I went round, and Wheeler and I bargained for it; it was one of those horses that I had seen in the field over-night; we bargained with the prisoner at the bar for it; Wheeler asked the prisoner the price of the horse, he was tied to the rail as a horse for sale, I did not hear what he asked for it; I am sure the prisoner is the person, I had seen him the night before with another person, within a quarter of a mile off the field where the horse was turned out; I knew the prisoner's father, he lived in the parish of Godstone; Mr. Wheeler looked the horse over, and saw a blemish upon the nose; the horse was not bought, he was only bargained for, and then the constable took the prisoner into custody, he was sent to jail.
Are you sure the prisoner is the person?
Yes.
I am a stable-keeper, in Bartholomew-close; I went with Mr. Cole on the Friday, about two in the day, to Smithfield; I saw the prisoner and the horse near the corner of Long-lane, the horse was tied to the rail; I asked him if the horse was his property, he said, it was not, that he was employed to sell the horse for another person, he mentioned the name, but I do not recollect what the name was.
It was not the name of Cole, was it?
No, it was not; I asked him the price, and he told me five pounds; I went away a little distance, and Mr. Cole and the constable immediately took the man and the horse.
Was the horse that you saw there, the horse that Mr. Cole claimed as his horse?
It was.
I am one of the constable under the Lord-Mayor's direction, attending Smithfield-market; I apprehended the prisoner at the bar in Smithfield, and gave the horse to my partner Trimby; I asked him how he came by the horse, he said, I am not the man that took the horse, you have let the man go, but there was no other man near the horse but him at the time; in consequence of which, I took him to the Compter, and there searched him; I found among other things this turnpike ticket, marked Marsh-gate, 54, one penny.
That is Lambeth-marsh, is it not?
Yes.
Is that in the road from Godstone to London?
Yes; it is one of the roads to London.
Was the horse shewn to Mr. Cole?
It was shewn to Mr. Wheeler.
The horse that this witness had delivered to him - was that the horse that had been lost by Mr. Cole?
It was.
I was the toll collector at Lambeth-marshgate, I went on duty at four o'clock in the day of the 8th; I went off again the next day, at four o'clock in the afternoon; I was on twenty-four hours.
Is that the way in which persons would come from Godstone?
It is one of the ways.
Look at that ticket - do you know that to be the ticket given by you on that day?
It lasts for the 9th; this was given on the Friday morning; we change at twelve o'clock at night always.
I keep the White-hart at Godstone ; this horse was my property.
Have you any partner?
I had a partner in that horse, but it was made over to me previous to this; I have never seen the horse since, but it was brought back on the Saturday following; my nephew knows the horse.
After we were all bound over, the Lord-Mayor ordered me to deliver the horse up to Mr. Cole, which I did; it was a black horse, pretty near all black, and a sack upon his back for a saddle.
Describe this horse?
It was a black horse, a farming like horse, there was an old sack upon his back.
Was your's a farming horse, almost black?
Yes.
Was the horse you saw tied up to the rails, the same horse that Cartwright delivered to you?
It was delivered by Cartwright to Chantler.
I delivered it to Chantler.
I am constable of Godstone; the horse was delivered to me by Cartwright and Trimby, and I delivered it to Mr. Cole.
When that gentleman came up to me, I told him it was not my horse, and he asked me if I knew the price, and I told him I believed the price was about five guineas.
