I am a farmer at Edmonton ; the prisoner was a carman in my service; on the 17th of Nov. I received information that the prisoner had stole a bushel of corn, I sent for an officer to apprehend him.
Did you apprehend him then?
No, not for two months after.
How long had he lived with you?
A year and a half.
You are a servant to Mr. Bellis?
Yes; on the 17th of November, the prisoner told me to go home; I was in the stable; I went out and watched him.
What time of the day?
In the evening; I looked through the stable door, and watched him; he took a measure of corn in the sieve, and put it in the bag; it was a white bag; I saw him put oats in it; I went to my master's house to tell them to come; I saw him take the oats out of the bin; then I told the other boy; I went up to the stable with an excuse, and put some hay under Smiler; I felt the bag, and it felt like oats; I went and watched him after this, in the small-beer cellar; Kemp bid me good night; he went out in about half an hour, and came round the fields to the little shed, and uncovered it.
Had you seen him put any thing in the shed before?
No, he fetched the bag out of the shed.
Did it appear to be the same bag you had seen before?
Yes, and then he went away.
The prisoner lived a year and half with your master; you were very fond of him?
Yes.
What was it for; because he whipped you at the plough tail; how long was it after you got the whipping at the plough tail that you saw him steal the corn; was there any body but himself in the stable?
I do not know.
The door was shut?
Yes.
You put your foot on the bag; you felt it was oats; you do not wear dancing pumps in the country; you wear thick shoes?
Yes.
So then you felt the oats through the thick shoes?
Yes.
I watched along with Ansell and the other boys, in the small beer cellar; the prisoner wished us good night, and in half an hour he came along the back fields, through the cow-yard, into this little shed, and fetched this white bag out; he went away by the back fields; I came out of the beer-cellar and followed him; I felt the bag, and it felt like oats.
He came to work the next morning, the same as usual?
Yes.
Your master was there then himself?
Yes.
He was not taken that day, though he was at work?
No.
You are very sure it was oats?
Yes, I felt the sack going along.
So that feeling it going along, you could tell whether it was oats or rye; all the boys were very fond of the prisoner; he used to make you work very hard?
He did not make me work.
Did any of the men see this?
No, only us boys.
I watched in the beer-cellar; he fetched this bag out of the little shed, and went across the back fields with it.
I saw him take the white bag out of the little shed; he went across the cow-yard, and strait down the back fields.
I am a constable.
Did you go on the 19th of November, with a warrant to take the prisoner into custody?
Yes, and when I came into the yard somebody gave him an item, and he absconded, and was gone for two months.
Where did you take him?
In the parish of Edmonton.
