I am a seafaring man : I lost my pocket-book last Thursday fourteen days; I was at a dance at the Ship and Ocean, in East Smithfield , and after the dance I went to get something to drink; the prisoner was in the room where we were dancing; he stood looking on; I was quite sober; I had my pocket-book and notes in my right-hand pocket when I went to the dance; it was between seven and eight o'clock; when I went to the bar to get something to drink, the prisoner came to me at the bar, and took my pocketbook out of my waistcoat pocket; he came behind me, put his hand round, took it out, and went out at the door directly.
Did you see him do it?
Yes; it contained two two-pound Bank-notes, half a gold guinea, and a Spanish protection, I am a Spaniard; I did not go out after him, but I called to the people, the man has robbed me; nobody went after him; he came back in two minutes, and I told him he had got my property, and he said, it was no such thing; I told him to stop, and I would send for an officer, and then he ran out at the back door, jumped over the wall, and ran away; I did not see him again till I saw him before the Magistrate; the next night I gave information at Lambeth-street; I have not seen my property since.
Were you perfectly sober?
Yes, I had drank only a pot of brandy hot among three of us, I was quite sober; I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Did you not dance yourself?
Yes, I danced with the women.
Did you not say before the Justice, that you did not see the prisoner take it, but that another man told you so?
I said I saw him take it.
You have always said you saw him take it?
Yes.
Did you give the women any thing?
I know I paid the organ.
What did you pay?
One shilling.
How many persons were there?
A great many, plenty of women and men.
You did not tumble down in your dancing?
No.
You never charged any of the women with it?
No.
You have never seen it since?
No.
You never saw the prisoner before?
No.
I am a seafaring man; I was dancing at the Ship and Ocean with Caton; he is a shipmate of mine; the prisoner was there, and I saw him take the pocket-book out of his right-hand waistcoat pocket; we had been dancing about an hour, and then we went to the bar to have something to drink; the prisoner put his hand in his right-hand pocket, he took out a pocket-book, went out at the door, and came in again; I told my shipmate of it; I did not go after him; I only told my shipmate of it, and then the prisoner came in again.
In how long?
About half an hour; I am sure he is the man; I had never seen him before; a constable was sent for, and then he made a bolt out at the back door, jumped over the wall, and got away; we went to Lambeth-street, and gave information the next morning, and he was taken at night; the property has not been found.
You were the first that informed the prosecutor what had happened?
Yes, he had opened the pocket-book in the room to pay for the music, and the prisoner was looking over it then.
Was Caton sober?
Yes, he was.
Were you sober?
Yes.
He first said a girl had taken it, and the girl was searched, and nothing found upon her, and then he said it was me that had taken it.
(To Crow.) Was there any girl searched?
No.
