I am a carpenter , No. 19, Billeter lane . I know nothing of it myself.
I am a carpenter. On the 25th of November, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came into my master's yard and asked me to go and drink with him, which I refused; he came again, the second time, and asked me the same question; I told him, no; then I saw no more of him till about three or four in the afternoon. I heard a rustling in the pit; I got up from my business where I was, I saw him going down the yard with a deal upon his back; I followed him and asked him what he was going to do with it; he said he was going to have it cut; I asked him where he was going to have it cut; he said he did not know, a person ordered him to take it away, he was going to have four cuts in it; I said, very well, you know what you are going to do. It was a fourteen feet three inch plank. At the bottom of the yard are two iron gates; when he came there, I said, I think you have carried this deal far enough, you may as well rest it here; he said, Samuel, will you go and have a glass of gin; I said I do not care, let us have something to drink; he went out of the gate and I at the back of him; he wanted to go over to the Falstaffe liquor shop; I said I did not like to go there, I did not like the people nor the stuff they sold, if he would go to the Pigeon public house, I would go with him; I got him in the Pigeon public house, I followed after, and set my back against the door when I got him in; when he found my back against the door he thought himself taken, he rather tustled with me to get out; I told him it was of no use to try to get out, I was upon my guard, he should not go; he tried the second time; I collared him and shoved him against the chain; we had two or three ups and downs. There were five or six people in the tap room, they did not assist me. I kept my hold till Tipper, the officer, came and took him.
Mr. Ponder's sawyer, the top one, asked me to help to take the deals home with him; I said I did not care; he said they lay along side of the pit; I went and brought one out and laid it in the street; he told me to go and take the others out; I went into the yard; Mr. Ponder's and Mr. Beazeley's men were there; I took out the plank; this man followed me; when I found myself in an error I was surprised, I did not know what I did; I might ask him to have some gin.
to Ponder. Had this man any right in your yard
None at all.
Had any body any right to take any deals out of your yard
No.
