On the 4th of January, I lost a tea-chest, about twenty shillingsworth of penny-pieces, about ten shillingsworth of halfpence, about fourteen shillings in silver, two seven-shilling pieces, and two twopenny pieces; I had seen them over night; the money was in the tea-chest, upon the table in the room where I slept; my wife went out about six o'clock in the morning, and about seven, just at day-light, the prisoner came under pretence of going to work, I was in bed; he came to the bed-side, and said, master, have you got a job, that I can go to work this morning; I told him that I had another man at work for me, that owed me some money, and that I had no job for him; I told him I was very ill with a cold; he went towards the door, and then came back again, and said, well, master, I wish you better, and I will come down again on Sunday; he went out, and shut the door after him; I had some suspicion that I had lost something from the table; I got up in a few minutes after, I opened the door, and looked about, I saw the tea-chest was gone from the table, there was nobody in the house but myself; I went directly and found my wife, and then I went to Brown, the runner, at Shadwell; I found Brown, and we went and soon found the prisoner, at the Hat and Plough, Whitechapel, in the cellar; and I gave Brown charge of him; we went to his lodgings, and found the head of a sugar-canister in the necessary, upon the soil; the officer searched him, and found upon him two seven-shilling pieces, two shillings in silver, four pennyworth of halfpence, and one twopenny piece; there were two halfpence that I could swear to; the officer has got them.
What business are you?
A milkman .
How was the door?
When he came to me, about seven in the morning, I heard him lift up the latch of the door, and come in, and he turned the key of the bed-room door to come in; it is a spring-lock, and my wife had left the key in the door; the prisoner has worked for me a day now and then, he had been at work for me a day or two before; I used always to take the money out of the tea-chest to pay him.
I am the wife of William Brown : On the 4th of January, I got up at six o'clock to fetch milk, I live at No. 14, Mill-yard ; when I came out of the bed-room, I turned the key in the door, and left it in the door; I went out at the street door, and shut it after me.
Are you sure of that?
Yes; I left the tea-chest, with the money in it, upon the table; that is all I know of it.
I am an officer belonging to the public-office, Shadwell: Brown came to me, and I went with him to Whitechapel, to the prisoner's lodgings; the prisoner was not at home, we learned that he was at work in the cellar at the Plough and Hat; we went there, and the prisoner was at work; we brought him to the light, and I searched his pocket, and found one two-penny piece, one penny-piece, and four pennyworth of halfpence; I asked the prisoner for his coat; he said, there it is; it was upon one of the butts in the cellar; I took the coat, and in his coat, between the first and second button-hole, I found a seven-shilling piece and one shilling, sewed in; I made further search, and at the bottom of his coat I found another seven-shilling piece and one shilling, sewed in, that was about ten o'clock; I then tied his hands, and went to his lodgings with him; we found nothing in his room, but the woman of the house said he had been into the cellar, to the privy, a little after seven o'clock; I and Brown went into the cellar, he looked down the vault with a candle, and said, here is the top of my sugar canister; he took it out, and in the cellar we found the facings of the tea-chest, it was so much destroyed we did not think proper to take it away, and we left it; I told Mr. Brown to look at the money; and he said, these two halfpence he could swear to.
This lid of the canister has a D upon it, which was marked with a pen-knife before I missed it; these halfpence have got two cuts upon the head of them, and speckled on the other side; I had offered these halfpence the day before for a pint of beer, and they were refused, and I looked at them very particularly in the light, and I said they were good ones, and I changed them, and took them home; I put them out with the rest of the money into the canister.
The prisoner lodged with me; I know nothing but honesty of him; I saw him go into the necessary a little after seven o'clock; that is all I know about it.
I leave it to the mercy of the Court; I am innocent of what is laid to me.
