Are you a corporal in the second regiment of Tower Hamlets militia ?
I am.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes.
When did you see him, and where?
In Spital-fields, on Saturday night, the 23d of July.
Where were the Towler Hamlets militia quartered?
In and about Bethnal-green-road; I met the prisoner in Fort-street, Spital-fields .
What time of night was it?
Half past eleven at night.
Where were you going?
Home.
At the time you met him, did he appear to be in liquor?
No, he appeared to be sober.
Did he address you?
Yes; he said, where are you going, soldier; I told him I was going home; he asked me whether I would go and drink with him; I said, I had no objection.
Where did you go to?
To the Northumberland Head in the same street, where we had two pints of beer.
Was any body else present?
Nobody out him and I in the same box.
Could any body hear what passed between you?
He whispered to me; he caught hold of my hand, and said, he believed I was one after his own heart; I asked him what he meant by it; he said, he was sure I was, and asked me whether he could trust me; I told him he might; he asked me whether I would join a society he belonged to; I asked him what the society consisted of; he caught hold of my hand again, and said, you will not hurt me I hope; I told him I would not; I asked him what the society consisted of, and he said, to join Bonaparte when he should land; I asked him how strong the society was which he belonged to; he said, one hundred and fifty, and he knew a great many more societies; then he said, if you will join me, all your expences will be paid.
Did you understand where you were to join him?
No; he told me a private house, but he did not tell me where; he told me he would shew me the house in about four or five minutes; I asked him when I was to meet him to go to join them; he told me on Monday, at seven o'clock, at the same house where we were drinking; I laid my cap and cane down in the box we were sitting in, and went over to the watch-house; I told him I had occasion to go out; I went to the watch-house, and the constable went over with me; I told him to take that man into custody; we took him to the watch-house, and I told the constable the same as I have told you now.
When you met the prisoner, and during all the time you have been speaking of, were you sober?
Yes.
Were you dressed as a soldier at the time?
Yes, the same as I am now.
Did the prisoner say any thing more?
The constable asked the prisoner whether he could deny what I had said; he said, no, he could not, and told him he could shew him the house in four or five minutes.
What house did you understand he meant?
A private house.
Did he shew you any particular house?
No.
What time in the evening was this?
Half past eleven.
You are an old acquaintance of the prisoner's?
I never saw him before.
So he placed this confidence in you, though you were a total stranger to him?
Yes.
How many people were in the tap-room?
I cannot say, I did not take notice.
Give a guess?
I don't suppose there were above four, five, or six.
What size is the tap-room?
Not a very large one.
Is it as large as this table?
Yes, something bigger.
Then there were five or six persons beside the landlord?
The boy brought the beer; I did not see the landlord.
Is there any bar in the room?
No; there is a passage between the tap-room and the bar.
Did you see the landlord at all that night?
Yes, I saw him, but not in the tap-room.
There was nobody with you and the prisoner?
No.
How far were you from the public-house when you met him?
About fifty yards.
Had you been on guard that day?
No, I had been on parade that day.
You say he invited you, and not you him?
He invited me; I was going home.
You had to go back a part of the road?
I returned back.
Is the publican here?
No.
Or the boy?
No.
Did you not pay for one pint of the beer yourself?
I did not.
Do you mean to swear he paid for both himself?
Yes, I will swear it.
Had he paid for both before you went for a constable, or after?
He paid for them as they came in.
There was nothing due when you went out of the house?
No; there was about half a pint left of the last pint.
Why did you not go to the landlord, and inform him?
I did not know there was any occasion, the watch-house was so very handy.
How are the boxes formed in the room - are they all on one side, or opposite?
One opposite to another.
How many people were in the box opposite to you?
None.
How many boxes are there?
Four.
And how many people were in them?
Five or six; they were in the further corner box.
Do you mean to say the six people were all in one box?
I cannot say how many there were; there might be more or less than six.
Do you mean to say there was not company in any box but one?
I did not see there was; I know there was one box empty; I will not swear there were people in any other box.
You say he told you he would take you shortly to a private house?
Yes, and I told him I would meet him.
Did he tell you where it was situated?
No; he told me he would shew me the house in four or five minutes.
Had you not the curiosity to go with him?
No, I thought it was a dangerous piece of business at that time of night.
Why did you not get some one to go with you?
I did not know were the house was.
You might have gone back without the constable, but have had him in waiting, and have got the prisoner to accompany you to the place?
He told the constable he could shew him the house in four or five minutes, as well as he did me.
Why did you not communicate what had passed to some of the people?
I did not.
Why?
I cannot state any particular reason.
The means of detecting the persons belonging to the society, would have been to have gone with him, and to have discovered the house?
I did not do that.
You say the constable asked him whether what you had said was true, and he said he could not deny it - did he not say he could not disprove it?
No; he told him he could not deny any thing.
Did he not say he could not disprove it?
No.
Do you mean to swear that the word was deny?
He said he could not deny it, that was the word.
Do you mean to swear that was the word?
I will.
How long have you been in the regiment?
From the 18th of last March; I have been in the army thirteen years, and was in Ireland the last rebellion; I volunteered my services.
Did you not think it very extraordinary, that he, who was a stranger, should take hold of your hand in the way you describe - did you shudder, and draw back?
He called for a pint of beer, and asked me to drink with him.
Before he told you there were so many people belonging to the society, he asked you if you would hurt him, when, in fact, he had said nothing for which you could hurt him?
He asked me to join him before; then he said, I hope you won't hurt me; I told him I would not; if I had told him I would, I should not have got out what I did.
Who was in the watch-house with the constable?
Nobody.
Were you sober?
I was, as I am now.
Was your only reason for not telling the people in the house, the better to discover the intention of the prisoner?
I thought it better to do it; and any man, I think, would do it, or he is no Englishman.
Where do you live?
In the Old Artillery Ground, near Spital-fields.
What are you?
An ale and cyder-merchant.
Do you know the soldier who has been examined?
No.
Had you any knowledge of him before the evening of the 23d of July?
No.
Did you happen to be constable on the night of the 23d of July?
I am every Saturday night, and this was Saturday night; he came over to the watch-house about ten minutes before twelve.
What business did he speak to you about?
He asked one of the watchmen for the officer of the night; upon which I arose from my chair.
Was it in your hearing?
Yes.
What did he desire you to do?
To go to a public-house over the way, to take charge of an Irishman.
Did he tell you the business for which you were to take charge of him?
No.
Did you go to the public-house with him?
Immediately.
Did you see the prisoner there?
Yes.
Was any body in the same box with the man?
No; the soldier's cap and cane were laying on the table.
He came to the watch-house without his cap and cane?
Yes.
Did he give charge of him there?
Yes, and would have given me the particulars there, but I desired him to step over to the watch-house; we went over, and he gave me the particulars.
What did he state the man to have said to him?
He said the Irishman had met him in the street, and asked him where he was going; he asked him if he would go to the public-house, and take part of a pint of beer, which he accordingly did; and while they were drinking the first pint, the Irishman squeezed the soldier's hand, and said, he believed him to be one after his own heart, and begged he would not hurt him if he told him; he told him he would not, and asked him what it was; he said, that it was to join a club which he belonged to, and it should not be a farthing expence to him, if he would go; he asked him what the consistency of the club was; he told him, there were about one hundred and fifty of them to assist Bonaparte when he landed, and that he knew of several other societies besides that.
After he had said this, did you speak to the prisoner?
I asked the prisoner, as the soldier repeated the words, did you say that; he said, yes, I did; I desired the soldier to repeat it over again; he repeated it over three times, and the prisoner said it was right.
Did the prisoner at the bar appear to be sober?
I saw no difference in him between him then and the next day, or any other time.
Did the soldier appear to be sober?
Yes.
After the soldier had related this, did you put any questions to the prisoner?
No, nothing more than to know whether he knew it to be true.
Was he taken before the Magistrate on the Monday?
Yes; and he told me, that when he came there, he would tell the truth.
Did he tell you any thing explanatory of the business?
No.
What distance is your watch-house from the public-house?
It may be thirty yards.
It was about half past eleven?
It wanted about ten minutes to twelve.
So that the watchmen did not go out of the watch-house to their round till after twelve?
They go every half hour.
How many watchmen were there in the house at that time?
Two.
They did not go out?
They went out almost immediately, while they were telling the story, after the man came back.
After the man came back, and while he was telling the story, they went out?
Yes.
That you are sure of?
Yes.
You are also positive there were only two there?
Only two.
You understand my question - they continued there till part of the story had been related?
Most likely, part of it.
If it has been sworn there was nobody there but you, and the witness, Hall, that cannot be true?
That never can have been sworn.
If it has been sworn, it cannot be true?
No.
When you asked the man whether what was stated was true, what did he say?
He said, yes, it was true.
Do you recollect the expression accurately?
Yes, I do.
Then his words were not - I cannot deny it?
No, no such thing.
Are you sure the watchmen were not present during the whole time?
They could not be; they might be present during part of it.
It has been said this man is an Irishman - is he or not?
He says he is.
Did you learn where the society was held?
I did not, I learned where he lodged; I asked him repeatedly where the house was, and he would not give me any answer; the night he was taken, he said it was the other end of the town, in St. Giles's, as I understood.
