Q. On the 8th of September last, did you attend the Lord-Mayor?
I did; a person of the name of Charles Lyons was under examination accused of forging a power of attorney, signed by a person of the name of John Stein, in order to receive wages of the Sierra Leone Company; the prisoner at the bar attended as a witness; he was sworn and examined as a witness against Mr. Lyons; he came as the prosecutor, produced by a Mr. Chew, an attorney; his examination was not signed by himself; I took minutes of it as the solicitor for Mr. Lyons.
Be so good as state his evidence from your notes?
Was this the power of attorney produced at the time, which he said he had never executed?
Yes, it was.
Were you Clerk to the Lord-Mayor at the time Lyons was under examination, charged by this man with forging a power of attorney?
I was; he said that was not his power of attorney, that he never made his mark, and that he was never on board the Portland, at Spithead.
Were you Mayor of Portsmouth in November, 180l?
I was.
Was that power of attorney executed before you?
It was, it has my own hand-writing,\"John Stein, his mark,\" is my hand-writing.
Was it executed in your presence?
Yes.
Do you know who brought the man to you?
I believe Mr. Joseph Levy brought him to my own house, which makes me remember it particularly; if it had been at the Town-hall, it would have been written by one of the clerks.
Do you live at Portsmouth?
I do, I am in the stop way.
Do you know the person of the prisoner?
I do, very well.
Do you know Mr. Charles Lyons, whom he charged with forging that power of attorney?
I do, he is a neighbour of mine; I went with the prisoner to the Mayor of Portsmouth, Mr. Lyons being busy writing at the time asked me to go with the prisoner to the Mayor, and get the power of attorney of the prisoner's executed; the prisoner was with Mr. Lyons at that time; I had seen him two days before at Mr. Jacobs's house, at Portsmouth.
Do you know what day it was you went before the Mayor?
I don't exactly know the date; it was some time in November last.
These powers of attorney must be executed before a Magistrate?
Where they belong to private ships they must.
Tell me if you saw the Mayor execute that power of attorney?
I did; Mr. Godwin asked him if he could write his name, he said, no, he could not write; Mr. Godwin guided his hand while he made a mark; Mr. Godwin took his seal, which he put upon it, and he delivered this as his act and deed.
Two days before that, what business was he upon with Mr. Jacobs;
I heard him say he had some wages due from the Sierra Leone Company ; Mr. Jacobs said, he did not do that business, but Mr. Lyons would do it for him; Elizabeth Spraggs brought him to Mr. Jacobs's, she is here; I am sure the prisoner is the same person.
How often did you see him in November?
I might have seen him go into Mr. Jacobs's house five or six times in a day, for four or five different days running.
I am an agent, and live at Portsmouth.
Were you charged by the prisoner before the Lord-Mayor, - with having forged this power of attorney?
I was.
The Lord-Mayor discharged you?
Yes,
In the month of November, in the last year, did you see the prisoner at Portsmouth?
I did; Mr. Michael Jacobs sent him to me to recover his wages from the Sierra Leone Company ; I took an order from him for his wages, and sent it up to my correspondent, Mr. Peacock, and an answer came that they would not pay it with that; that it must be signed by a Magistrate.
Did you prepare the power of attorney?
I did; I was busy writing, and Mr. Levy went for me; they came back in about half an hour, and this power of attorney was produced to me by Mr. Levy and the prisoner; I sent it up to London, and received the wages under it; I advanced him a part of it at first, and afterwards the rest, in all 39l. 2s. 4d.
Have you any receipt for it?
I had a receipt for it, which has been lost.
Did you see him more days than one?
Yes, five or six days, or more.
On shore, at Portsmouth?
On shore, at Portsmouth; he said he was drafted from the St. Antoine on board the Portland, which was at that time employed as a receiving ship.
You are in the stop line, and live at Portsmouth?
I do: In the month of November last the prisoner at the bar was frequently at my house, for the run of a whole week.
Who introduced him to you?
Elizabeth Spraggs ; she brought him to me to receive his wages; I told him I could not do it, and recommended him to Mr. Lyons, upon which Mr. Lyons sent an order to a person to receive the money; he did that in my house, and I advanced him clothes and money to the\\ amountof 18l. or 19l. which Mr. Lyons paid to me out of the wages; he received the balance of his account in my house; I once called upon him at Mrs. Spraggs's house, in Meeting-house-alley, and saw him there; she is the wife of a labourer in the Dock-yard; he said he came home in the St. Antoine.
Have you any doubt of his being the same man?
I am sure he is the same man.
You are the wife of a labourer in the dock-yard at Portsmouth?
I am, I live in Meeting-house-alley; about a twelvemonth ago the prisoner came to our house with a woman; I went with him to Jacobs's.
How many different times did you see him on shore?
He was on shore a matter of a week; he then belonged to the Portland; I went to\\ the\\ Portland and brought him on shore to make a power for the money.
Are you quite sure he is the man?
Yes, I am.
I live in Surrey-street, Strand; I received this power of attorney for Mr. Lyons; I received the wages under that power of attorney for Mr. Lyons.
Is that the receipt you gave for it?
It is; I transmitted the money to Mr. Charles Lyons.
I am clerk in the Navy-office.
Have you the books of the ship Portland in November 1801?
I have.
Does it appear at that time that John Stein was serving on board the Portland?
Yes, he entered on board the 24th of October, 1801, and was drafted on the 16th of January, 1802, on board the Orion.
Then on the 20th of November Stein did not belong to the Orion, but to the Portland?
Yes.
Have you examined the books of the Orion?
Yes, he was regularly drafted from the Portland to the Orion.
Have you the prisoner's receipt for this money?
I had it, but it is mislaid.
Had it the prisoner's name or mark?
I think it was his mark.
It had his mark.
