I am salesman to William Darton in Spital fields market; Mr. Darton is a stationer and bookseller in town, and has a farm at Eastham in Essex. The prisoner is a servant to William Darton . On the 12th of November the prisoner delivered vegetables to me to sell for William Darton , his master, in Spital fields market, the produce of which I delivered to the prisoner, to the\\ amountof five pounds sixteen shillings. He was carman , he drove the cart to town.
I am servant to Messrs. Darton and Harvey in Gracechurch street. On the morning of the 12th of November, I counted one pound sixteen shillings and eight pence, in penny pieces and halfpence - I gave them into the possession of Crowhurst: that was a part of the five pounds sixteen shillings; I paid the one pound sixteen shillings as part for the last witness.
I am an ostler, I live at the Coach and Horses, Mile End; this man came from market; as he was coming home he stopped at our house to water his horses, he pretended he had lit of a very bad accident coming out of Spital fields market; I asked him what it was, he said he had lost ten pound of his master's market money, he was robbed of it against Spital fields church, he had lost it out of his cart.
I am the officer of East Ham. I took the prisoner in custody and put him in the watch-house; I searched him, and found upon him thirteen penny pieces and one halfpenny, a knife and a key; I locked him up and went down to the stables where he looked after his horses; I unlocked the corn bin with the key I found upon him, and found seventeen penny pieces and seven halfpence in this bit of a lanthorn. I then told him that I had found this copper; he said he had taken them of Mr. Darton's foreman; I told him it had a very bad look of its being hid so; I told him he had better tell what became of the money that he received.
Then I cannot hear what he said
He told me he was robbed in a lane leading from Plaistow to East Ham by three foot pads; he had lost ten pounds.
to Young. How many penny pieces did you pay him
I cannot say the number; they were penny pieces and halfpence mixed together.
I received the money from my master, Mr. Darton, in the taproom of the Cheshire Cheese, in gold, silver, and copper, to the\\ amountof ten pounds; he put the halfpence into a bag and tied them up; he put the gold and silver in a bag; he saw me put it in my pocket; I delivered the halfpence into the landlord's hands while I got my horses out of the stable; then I hung it on the cart. I went to Whitechapel, I found the halfpence out of the cart; I turned back, I was afraid I had not put the halfpence in the cart, although I am sure I had. I have been five years in my place.
