On the 8th of November, about seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner put a piece of copper into his breeches.
Who did he work for
My father, James Frost .
Are you apprentice to your father
No, I work for him. He then went out and I called him back; I asked him for the copper he had in his breeches; he said he had none; I asked him to let me look in his hand; he then dropped it; I picked it up and told him that was the piece; I took him into the shop and sent for an officer. The officer and I went to his lodgings and found some other bits of copper.
You told my lord that you are not an apprentice to your father
No.
What are you then
I work for him.
Were you and the prisoner together in the shop at the time when you say he took this piece of copper
I was in the shop along side of him where I could see him.
Any body in the shop with him besides you
There were others, but none in the shop but he and I, where he was at work; I was within ten yards of him.
When you went up to him afterwards and called him back, you asked him for the copper that was in his breeches; he said he had got none
He had got it in his breeches when he went out of the shop, and when he went out in the street he had the copper in his breeches; on his coming in I suppose he pulled it out.
Might not a man working in your shop take up a bit of copper by accident
He might.
When you called him back he came back
Yes: and he had the copper on him.
I am an officer of Hatton Garden office. I was sent for to take the prisoner in custody; afterwards I went to his room; there in the table drawer I found three pieces of bolt copper; one little bit was marked LF, and this is the piece that was found on his person.
to Joseph Frost . Look at this piece of copper
This is the piece of copper that he had in his breeches when he went out in the street; and this is the other piece that I marked the other day. It was found at his lodgings.
How do you know that is your bit of copper - A. Because I saw him put it in his breeches, and I saw it drop out of his hand.
How are you sure that the piece of copper that he dropped from his hand, is the piece that he put in his breeches
Because he had no other piece about him.
Are you sure that he could not have got it from any other person
No, he could not, because he had not got above ten yards.
There is nothing on that bit of copper that marks it to be your father's
No; but that I found at his house I had marked the day before.
They are both your father's property
Yes.
