I keep the Castle-and-Falcon Inn, Aldersgate-street : I know nothing of the circumstances; the prisoner is a stranger to me.
I was watchman in the Castle-and-Falcon Inn Yard: On the 3d of April last, I saw a woman come down the yard, about nine o'clock in the evening, but it was so dark I could not see who it was; she had a large bundle in her lap; she went out into the street, she walked too sharp for me; I asked her what she had got there, and she set off running directly; I called out stop thief, and she dropped the things; another young man followed her, and brought her back, I stopped along with the things, I do not know whether it was the same woman that I had seen with the bundle.
I am a butcher; I was standing in my master's shop, opposite the end of Little-Britain, where the prisoner run up with the things; I heard the cry of stop thief, I did not see her come out of the Falcon-yard; I pursued her, when I had got some little way up Little-Britain, a person laid hold of the prisoner, then I laid hold of her; I saw the goods lying upon the pavement, near the church wall, she said, distress had drove her to do it.
Did you tell her it would he better for her to give an account?
No; we brought her to the place where the things were, and she went upon her knees, and begged us to let her go; then the watchman came up, and said, the things came out of their yard; a constable came, and they took the prisoner with the goods into the yard, and there I lest them.
I am ostler at the Castle and Falcon-inn: On the 3d of April, about eight o'clock at night, I came down to the gates, the gates were then shut; there was a lady stood at the gates, from whom I learned that the yard had been robbed; I went to see after the property; I came into Little-Britain, by the church, and saw the linen lie upon the stones, near the pavement; this woman was in the custody of two men, she
appeared very much agitated, and said, necessity had drove her to do it.
Had she had any promise made her?
Not in my hearing; she said, she had a very bad husband, and three small children, and she would go upon her knees and beg pardon, if we would release her to go home to her dear children; I took up all the linen, and my master's cousin, who was by, sent for a constable; I brought the linen back into the yard, the prisoner was brought; the constable took the property, and tied it up; there were four pair of sheets, a great-coat, and a neckcloth.
I am a constable, (produces the property;) I saw one of the sheets under her arm, it hung either by a pin, or by the bone of her stays, or something, I did not see the bundle in her lap, the rest of the things were lying upon the pavement; I have had them ever since.
I am an ostler ; I lost a great-coat from my room, in the inn-yard, up three pair of stairs, at the further end of the yard.
Over the stables?
No, over the dwelling-house and warehouse, the sheets were in the same room; this is my great-coat.
I cannot speak to the property; the watchman has been in the habit of making the beds.
These are Mr. Harris's sheets; they have Mr. Harris's mark upon them, T. H.
I was going up Little-Britain on a dark night, the carts and coaches were going along, and that made me walk quick, I believe as far from the parcel as the distance of the press-yard; I saw a woman running up the court-yard, it was a dark night, and impossible for them to swear that it was me.
