- I live in Charles-street, Wheeler-street, Spitalfields : On this day four weeks I let a furnished room to the prisoner; she was with me three weeks and three days; she was to pay me 3 s. 6 d. a week; she paid me one week; she said she was a weaver.
Had she any loom?
No, she worked out at another house.
Had she left her lodgings?
No; last Tuesday I sent for an Officer and searched the room, upon which I missed two sheets and one blanket; I believe she said she meant to take them out; she said she had pawned them, and she gave the ticket to the Officer.
She said she meant to take them out before she left your lodging?
Yes, but there was no probability.
Why?
She did not seem as though she had any means.
How did she get her bread?
By weaving.
Then she had means of getting them out of pawn. -
I am a pawnbroker: I produce a blanket and a sheet; the sheet was pawned on the 22d of December last, in the name of Ann Allen , for 3 s. and the blanket was pawned on the 31st of December, in the name of Jane Allen ; I cannot say it was the prisoner.
I am a pawnbroker: I produce a sheet pawned on the 22d of December, for 2 s. in the name of Jane Allen ; I cannot say it was the prisoner.
I am an Officer: I apprehended the prisoner last Tuesday, about one o'clock; I was sent for to Mrs. Burr's, to take the prisoner into custody; as soon as I went into her room Mrs. Burr gave me charge of her, and told me she missed two sheets and one blanket; the prisoner told me she had pawned them, and I immediately asked her for the duplicates; she pulled out her hussiff from her pocket, and presented it me; these are the duplicates I found in her hussiff, with sixteen more duplicates of other articles; she told me she expected her husband home that afternoon with money to redeem them; I asked if she was a married woman; she said, no, the man she lived with was a soldier in the Tower-Hamlets militia, and a weaver by trade.
(To the prosecutrix.) Did she come to your house as a married woman?
Yes, and the person who gave her the character said he was a soldier; he did not come with her when she took the room; I have seen him go up and down stairs; I thought it might be her husband, but now it seems he is not. (The property identified by the prosecutrix.)
I did not intend to defraud her of the sheets, or of her blankets; I was out of work at the time and the young man too, and I was very much distressed; when they sent the Officer, on that day the young man was to bring home half a guinea, which he did, but before he was come home I was at Clerkenwell; I meant to get the things out with that money; I hope you will have mercy on me; I never mean to do so again; when I was taken to prison I was all that day and the next day without any thing to eat till dinner time.
I had a good account with her.
Why were you in such a hurry?
