I am in partnership with Thomas Chapman , we are oil-coopers : On the 1st of January, in the afternoon, I went out, and on my return home the prisoner was in the yard, he had been employed by some carpenters to do something there, and a quantity of oil by the side of him, which I was informed, in the presence of the prisoner, he had taken from my premises; he said he had been employed by a man with a white apron on, to carry it to the Gun-tap.
I am servant to Mr. Aylwin, in Thames-street : I had been out about four o'clock, on New-year's-day, and as I was coming home, I met the prisoner coming out with a chest of oil upon his shoulder, he was half in and half out at the door; I asked him if he had orders to take it away; and he said he had; I told the warehouse-man of it as soon as I went in; the prisoner is the man; the oil was in flasks, in a wooden case; they were kept in a little house just by the door.
I am warehouse-man to Messrs. Aylwin and Chapman: I received some information from the last witness; I went after the prisoner, and met him between the two warehouses belonging to Mr. Aylwin, with a large stone upon his shoulders; I asked him what he had done with the half chest of oil; he said, a man with a white apron on asked him if he was at work at the warehouses, and he said he was; and he told him to carry it to the corner of Billingsgate; he said the person that gave it to him took it from him there, and went into the Gun-tap; I then asked him if he would go and shew me where the half-chest was; he said he did not know, but he believed he could; he went with me to the Gun-tap, and it was there, in the bar; I then asked him to take it back to the warehouse; I said to the person at the bar that it was stolen property, and they made me no answer.
Do you know the prisoner at all?
I think I have seen him on the Quays, but he never worked for us in the warehouse; he was employed by the carpenters for the purpose of carrying these stones; he had to pass by the door of the place where the oil was, but he had no business in there; I had seen twenty-five half-chests put in the day before; they were marked with the letter X, the same as an hour-glass.
Did not somebody say to you, when you were taking away the chest from the Gun-tap, what are you going to do with that chest?
Yes, but I do not know who it was; there were, I dare say, fifty people in the tap-room; I afterwards went to the Gun-tap again, but there were not above five or six people there, and I could not hear any account of it; I delivered the chest to the constable, and he has had it ever since.
I am a constable.
A man employed me to carry it, and when I got to the Gun-tap, he said, I will take it now, and desired me to go and fetch another, and I went and waited, but I saw no more of him.
