I am a widow: I lodge in the house of John Miller, in Church-lane, St. George's in the East ; the prisoner is his wife: I left my lodging during a great part of the month of September, and left my property locked up there; I returned the latter end of September, but did not miss it till the 22d of December; I saw it again the day after Christmas-day; I am very seldom at home, for I go out chairing ; and when I am not chairing, I go out to needle-work ; the day after Christmas-day, when I came into the room, I saw there had been a green cloth put over the trunk; when I removed that, I saw the box almost empty.
How did the box appear to have been opened?
There was a hinge bad; and there was a little trunk that contained two half-guineas, four silver tea-spoons, a salt-spoon, a pair of silver knee-buckles, and a stone hat-buckle set in silver; I dare say I had not looked into it for a month; then I suspected Mrs. Miller, my landlady, because nobody slept in the house but she and me and her husband; and I attacked her with it, and she owned it to me.
Did you not tell her it would be better for her to confess?
No.
Or worse for her if she did not?
No; I neither promised her nor threatened her; she knew that I suspected her; she said, how do you do; I said, you must needs know how I do; I told her husband she had robbed me, and he said, I might do what I liked; I might hang her, or do what I pleased; she told me she was the thief, and the only thief; I asked her how she got into the room; she said, by a false key; I asked her how she opened the little trunk; she said she had a little tea-chest key that opened it; I asked her where it was; she said she had put it down the necessary; I asked her for the key of the room that opened the door; she said, she could not give it me that day; then she took me into a back shed, and took a shovel and a saw, and dug the mould up, and a key appeared; she dug up again, and another appeared; she dug up four keys; I tried one of them, and found it opened one trunk, out of which I had lost these things.
I am a pawnbroker: I received these things of the prisoner at the bar, on the 16th of November; she is a neighbour of mine; I took her for a very honest woman.
This bed-furniture, sheet, and pillow-case, are mine; they have my work upon them.
I am a pawnbroker: (produces a petticoat and shift;) I took these in of the prisoner at the bar.
These are mine.
I received them of the prisoner.
I apprehended the prisoner, and received some duplicates from her.
I am a pawnbroker: (produces part of the bed-furniture and a knee-buckle;) the prisoner pledged them with me.
They are all my property.
She was a person that I conceived was a sincere friend to me, as I was to her; she told me that if I wanted any thing in the world, any thing in her room was at my service; and she lent me several things herself to pledge. I intended to get them out after Christmas.
