I am a butcher ; between the hours of nine and ten o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop and asked the price of different pieces of meat, I told him, then he went out into the street to the window, in about a minute or two he came in again and asked the price of mutton chops, I told him 6 d. a pound, he said he would give only 4 d. he took up a piece of flank of beef, I told him that was 6 d. a pound; I went to the other side of the shop to give answer to other customers, my wife called out that he had got the piece of beef he was cheapening of; I went out into the street and took him by the collar and asked him to come back with me, I said you rascal give me the beef from under your coat.
How much beef was it?
Two pounds three quarters at 6 d a pound.
I bid him a shilling for the bit of beef, I laid the shilling in his hand and then he walked over to the corner of the shop.
He says he gave you a shilling?
I never saw a bit of his money, he never mentioned it, he only bid me four pence a pound.
I did as soon I came in.
The prosecutor came to the watch-house and gave the prisoner to me in charge; I understood by the man that there had been a shilling offered, but there was no proof of it.
I was in the shop when the prisoner looked out some mutton chops, he told Mr. Baxter to weigh them at 4 d. a pound, he told him they were 6 d. a pound, he threw them down and went among the people for a few minutes and then retired out of the shop; he came in again and went out, and Mrs. Baxter was behind the counter, she said follow that man Baxter, he has took something away and put it under his coat.
Did you see the prisoner offer any money?
I never saw the coin of his money.
I paid him a shilling for it; he followed me out and brought me in again; I gave him the shilling into his hand, when he stretched his hand to me, when I took up the bit of beef in my hand; I told him he would not get any body to buy this bit of beef but a poor man like me; if I had stole the bit of beef, I would not have gone in again when he tapped me on the shoulder; and when I came back with him into the shop, he gave me a slap in the face, and took the beef from me; now, says he, go about your business; no, says I, I shall not go without you give me a shilling; he said he would not give me one at all.
