, I live in Silver-street, Wapping I lost my red cloak on the 27th of April, I saw it at six o'clock in the morning, and it was gone betwixt six and seven o'clock; I left it in the first room up stairs. The prisoner lodged in the house one night. In the morning I saw the prisoner go out, having a bundle; I thought it was his things, he being a taylor .
When was the prisoner taken
About a week after he came voluntary to the house; I then told him to let me have my own and nobody should know any thing about it. I have never seen the cloak since. I valued it at thirty shillings.
On the 26th of April the prisoner came to the house where I lodge; my sister let him have a bed in the same room where I slept; he came as a constant lodger to my sister that keeps the house; he agreed by the ck; he had his supper and went to bed; he did not pay for either. On the same night, when he and I were going to bed, he asked me what time in the morning I should rise; I told him I must be at my work at six o'clock in the morning; he told me seven o'clock was time enough for him to be up; I got up at six o'clock, leaving him behind; he was awake; I got up; he spoke to me. I came back, I found the prisoner dressing himself; he turned his back to me, and wrapped something inside of that loose coat he has on now. I went down stairs and my mother was down stairs making a fire. I went to my work. In a little time after this I heard that the cloak was missing. I saw the cloak at six o'clock in the morning, when I got up. He had to go through the room in which the cloak was, to come down stairs.
Did he return the next night
No; he did not return till the next week. My brother heard he was at a house of call in Long Acre; I went there; the prisoner came in, he asked to speak to me; he took me outside; he said pray do not expose me in the taproom; I knew you have come after me; I said why; he said I know you have; I said you must be a villain to rob my poor mother of her cloak; he said if you come along with me I will shew you the house where it is; he took me to a Jew's house, the corner of Clare-market, his name is Nathan; he said Nathan, let this man have the cloak which I brought you, it belongs to his wife; Nathan said he had not the cloak in the house that night; he would let him have it in the morning. In the morning, when we took the two officers there, he said he knew nothing about it; the prisoner afterwards told me he pawned the cloak at the pawnbroker's, and sold the duplicate to the jew for one shilling and six pence.
I am servant to Mr. Hinckesman, in Bread-street, St. Giles's.
Was any cloak pawned at your house
Yes, I believe by the young man at the bar; I cannot positively swear to him; it was something like him. It was on the 27th of April, about the middle of the day; he pledged it in the name of Sullivan; I believe the cloak was taken out on the 29th of April by a young woman; it was pawned for sixteen shillings. I saw Nathan at Shadwell office.
Did you learn whether he had the cloak that the young woman redeemed
No.
I am a constable; I know nothing more than apprehending this man; I searched Nathan's house; the cloak was not found.
It does not stand to reason that I should tell the prosecutor so; he has not put me there so much for punishment, it was more for gain; he asked me to get a friend to advance him the money.
