I live in Ratcliff-highway ; I am a haberdasher .
Do you know the person of the prisoner at the bar?
Yes.
Did you ever see her before the 3d of November?
Not that I know of. On the 3d of November she came to my shop between one and two o'clock in the day; when she came in, she asked for a yard and a quarter of edging; when I opened the box, the first piece at the top of the box I shewed her; she said it was for a baby's cap she wanted it, and that was not the right sort; I went on, and shewed her some more; I desired her to lay that by, and she would look over them, and see if there were any she liked better; I shewed her another, and so on, till I looked partly over the whole box; upon putting them back into the box, she laid hold of a broad card of lace, and behind the broad card I saw her drop two cards of lace into her lap as she sat by the side of the counter; when I had seen her do that, I put my lace all up except these two cards of lace; when she had concealed it, she said, I will have a yard and a quarter of that, pointing to that which I at first shewed her; I then put all the lace away into the box except this card; I cut her a yard and a quarter; a man came to the door begging, and she pretended to put her hand to her pocket to give him a halfpenny, and concealed the lace; she got up, she said she had no change, and asked me what the edging would come to.
Did you see her put it in her pocket?
Yes, I saw the edging, and she put it in her pocket; she laid three shillings and sixpence down, and I gave her three-pence in change; she then went to the door, and gave the man a halfpenny, or some halfpence; I made up her parcel, and gave it her, and then she went out of the threshold of the door into the street; I went round the corner as quick as I could to follow her; I told her she had got a couple of cards of my lace, taking hold of her at the same time; I brought her back, and when she came in, I gave a signal for assistance, by knocking my foot upon the shop-floor; my wife and daughter came up; my daughter, who is here, saw her drop them; I did not see them myself; my daughter shewed them me when she picked them up.
Did your daughter pick them up from the same side of the counter that you stood to serve her?
Yes.
When you say you saw her slip two cards of lace into her lap behind the broad card, are you perfectly clear of that?
Yes.
Did you stand on the same side the counter at the time you were serving her that she was?
She was on one side of the counter, and I on the other.
And the property when it was found, was found on the other side where you had been standing?
Yes.
Were there many things on the counter at the time?
No.
How many persons were serving in the shop?
Only myself.
Was there a good deal of lace in the box?
Yes.
Had you sold any lace of the same quality that you have been describing off the same card?
Not that day.
But before?
Yes, it might be a month or two months before.
You got possession of this lace again?
Yes.
Did you ever sell any more of it afterwards?
Not any of the lace that was stolen.
That you are quite sure of?
Yes.
How long have you had this lace?
Some months.
A year perhaps?
No, one card I think I have not had above three months, and the other six or seven.
What would you give for them?
One I gave one shilling and sixpence a yard for; I had one from the maker, and the other was part of a bankrupt's stock.
Do you know how many yards there are?
I cannot tell.
You never sold any of it afterwards?
No.
Nor shewed it for sale to any body?
No.
I am daughter to the last witness: On the 3d of November my father knocked against the shop floor; I ran up before my mother; the prisoner was in the shop.
Your father had hold of her?
No, he stood close by her; I ran behind the counter.
Did you go at your father's bidding?
No, I went of myself; I went behind the counter, and saw two cards of lace lying on the ground.
Where you found them was where your father usually stood to serve the goods?
Yes; I picked them up, and shewed them to my father; the prisoner said, my father had thrown them there; my father said, these were the cards which she had taken; that is all I know of it.
You found the cards of lace on the side on which your father usually stands?
Yes.
Whether they had fell there or not you cannot tell?
No.
Your mother came up afterwards?
Yes.
Did not your mother say, she believed they had fell from the counter?
No.
You are quite sure of that?
Yes.
(To Gander.) Did she go out of the shop?
She had got off the threshold; I took hold of her arm, and desired her to come in, which she did; I was then behind her.
Then if she put her hand in her pocket you must have seen her?
In my flurry I did not see her; there is a counter on the right and another on the left.
Did you observe her throw any thing over the counter, or use any action that looked like throwing any thing over the counter?
No, I did not.
She was in your sight the whole time?
Yes.
What do you think the lace is worth to you?
The one that I bought of the bankrupt's stock is worth two pounds five shillings; the other about sixteen shillings.
What did you give for these nine yards yourself?
It is worth five shillings a yard; I cannot say how much I gave for it; I bought it with other different patterns.
He said before the Magistrate that he had shewed some of this lace for sale after I was taken up, and the Justice told him he should not have shewn it.
I never had such a question put to me; I never did say so.
On which side did you see her put the lace into her pocket?
On the left side.
And the lace was found behind the right hand counter?
Yes.
