I am a seaman belonging to the Friendship ; I was paid my wages three weeks ago last Saturday, at Deptford; I received six 5l. notes, three 1l. notes, and two half-guineas, about eleven o'clock in the morning; I put them into my breeches pocket, and the half-guineas into my waistcoat pocket.
How soon after you received your wages, did you leave your ship?
I came on shore at seven o'clock in the evening; I called the prisoner, who is a waterman, and told him I would give him sixpence and a pot of beer; he put me on shore at Deptford; I went to a public-house, and I went to the bar to pay the mistress for a pot of beer, and the prisoner left the house while I was paying for the beer, they waited for me next to the windmill; he had a stick, about half the length of his arm, and the first rap he gave me with it, was on the right side of my neck.
How long before you left the public-house, did the prisoner leave it?
In a minute, the second rap he gave me over my side, then he struck me on the head, then he collared me, and put his hand into my trowsers pocket, and turned it inside out, he took out the notes, and from my waistcoat pocket he took the two half-guineas, and two-pence; there was a man with a brown coat with him, that man collared me and took my silk handkerchief from me, which cost me two Spanish dollars; I had had a drop on board the ship, when the captain paid me my money.
Did the other man put his hand in your pocket?
No.
How soon did you see the other man?
He was in the boat with the waterman, when I left the ship.
Did he go into the public-house with the waterman?
Yes; after they had taken my handkerchief and money, they ran away directly to the boat, I staid three hours upon the same spot; I was sick by the stroke I got upon my head, I could not go any further, I was neither drunk nor quite sober.
Where was it that all this happened?
It all happened at Deptsord, alongside the windmill.
You are sure it was Deptsord?
Yes.
What side of the river was it, the northside or the south-side?
This side of the water.
The north-side, or the south-side?
The north side.
How many mills were there on the side of the water where this happened?
Two.
Why did you say it was at Deptsord?
I landed there when I was paid.
Where was it you lodged?
At Mrs. Alstrom's.
How far is Alstrom's house from the place where you were robbed?
Ten miles.
Which side of the water did you land upon, the north or fourth?
Where the flour mills are.
Was it the north or south-side?
The north-side.
He describes it to be at Deptsord, but in that he is certainly mistaken, from his description of the place, it must have been the Poplar side of the water.
Is not the public-house where you landed, called the King's arms?
I do not know.
Have you ever been there since this accident happened?
No.
How long was this since - was it three or four weeks since?
Four weeks next Saturday.
Was it on the same day you were paid your wages?
Yes.
You are quite sure you received six fivepound notes, three one-pound notes, and two halfguineas?
Yes, the captain gave it to me.
Where is it Mrs. Alstrom lives - in Angel and Hope-alley, is it not?
Yes.
Did you ask him to put you on shore there?
No, I told him to put me on shore where he pleased.
After you came out of the public-house, the prisoner knocked you down, and risled your pockets, and then the other man collared you?
Yes.
You received a violent blow at that time?
Yes.
When did you get home?
The next morning, about half past seven.
Were you there all night?
Yes.
I understood you to say, you laid there three hours only?
When I got up, I moved back to the mill, and staid there all night.
Had you left Mrs. Alstrom's that morning?
Yes.
How much money had you when you left Mrs. Alstrom's house that morning?
Not a penny.
What time did you leave her house that morning?
About ten or eleven o'clock.
Do you recollect the waterman coming to fetch your bedding from the ship to your lodgings that morning?
Yes.
Was it before or after you were paid?
Before I was paid.
At the time the waterman came to fetch your things, were you drunk or sober?
I had nothing but a glass of liquor; I was not quite sober or quite drunk.
Did you give him the bedding, or did somebody else give it him?
I gave it him myself, and lashed my hammock up with a piece of line.
Are you quite sure the account you have given now, agrees with any other account that you have given of this transaction?
It is the same account.
You have never said, you laid upon the bank all night?
All night upon the bank.
Have you never said, that after you were knocked down, you got up, and ran after the man?
No, I could, not move my self from the spot.
You have never said you got up and ran after the man?
I have said, if I could get up, I would run after the man.
Have you never said you were so sick, that you could not speak?
Never.
Have you never heard of a reward for convicting a man of a highway robbery?
Never.
Were you never told, if you would swear to this man, you would soon have your money again?
No, never; I have a good pair of hands to work for myself.
When did you first complain to any person of having been robbed?
I told it to the mistress of the house, on Sunday morning.
Have you never said you were at the public-house, close by where you were robbed on the Sunday morning?
Never.
As soon as you had recovered yourself, did you not go to some place that was near, to make a complaint?
No; as soon as I recovered, I went straight home.
How far is it from the place where you were robbed, to your own home?
It is a long way.
Did you come home by water?
No, by land.
What became of you after you had been lying there three hours?
I staid there about three hours, more or less.
At what hour were you knocked down?
It was about half past seven.
Three hours will make it half past ten - what became of you after half past ten at night?
I staid all night along side the windmill, I could not move myself.
You are an officer?
I am an officer of the Thames Police, Wapping.
When did you apprehend the prisoner?
On Wednesday the 23d of June, at Deptford, in his boat; the prosecutor described him in such a manner to me and the other officer, that we could not possibly miss the man.
Is Joseph Innes here?
No, we have not been able to find him.
I never saw the man with my eyes till the day I was apprehended.
What are you?
A carpenter and joiner, at Deptford-green.
Where does the prisoner live?
At Deptford-green, next door but one to me.
Do you recollect seeing the prisoner on the evening of Saturday, the 12th of June?
Yes, about six o'clock in the evening; I saw him turn up the Green, and come in at his own door.
I lodge in the same house with the prisoner.
Do you recollect seeing him on Saturday, the 12th of June?
Yes.
About what time?
About six o'clock, I cannot say for a few minutes.
Do you know what he came for?
He came home to tea, his wife had water of me.
What are you?
I am servant at the Sir John Falstaff.
Do you remember, on Saturday, the 12th of June, feeing the prisoner come to your house?
Yes, I do.
At what time?
About half past six.
How long did he stay?
About a quarter of an hour.
What had he?
He had a pint of beer and a pipe of tobacco.
You are sister-in-law to the prisoner?
I am.
Do you recollect, on Saturday, the 12th of June, the prisoner coming to your house?
Yes, I do.
At what time did he come to your house?
As soon as the clock struck seven.
Where is your house?
In Queen-court, Deptford; he staid there till nine.
What he ever out of the house during that time?
No.
How came you to say it was the 12th of June?
I am positive to its being the 12th of June.
But I should like to know why?
I am very particular to the day.
But why are you thus positive?
I went that day to give warning to my landlady to quit the house; I had been to give warning before, but my landlady was not at home.
What time did he come to your house?
The clock struck seven as he sat down in the chair.
How came you to notice the time so exactly- does he not frequently come to your house?
He and his wife came every night.
How came you to remark the time?
On account of giving warning.
But how are you able to state the hour of the night so exactly?
I took particular notice, that when I came home, the clock struck seven, but not the yard clock.
What time did he come into your house the night before?
The night before, I think it was nine.
What makes you think it was nine o'clock?
He told me his wife was poorly.
His wife being poorly does not prove it was nine o'clock?
My husband came in from work about the same time.
Do you remember at what time of night of the 13th he came in?
I cannot say.
The 14th?
I cannot tell.
The 15th?
I cannot.
The 16th?
I cannot recollect.
I think it rather extraordinary you should know the time of his coming in upon the 11th and 12th, and yet not know those other times?
That was the time.
Was he with you on the 15th?
No.
Was he with you on the 14th?
No.
How came you to say he came almost every night?
He did not come after this affair happened; he could not come after he was in confinement.
When was he apprehended?
I cannot recollect.
I should think you might have recollected that?
I think it was the 23d.
Was he at your house upon the 13th?
It was seldom that he ever missed.
Was he at your house the 13th?
Sunday night, I think he was.
Are you sure of it?
Yes; I am positive he was there on Sunday night.
What time did he come on Sunday night?
About half past eight.
How do you know that?
My sister came in first; I had had my beer about half an hour.
On the Monday night did he come?
I cannot be positive.
On the Tuesday night?
I cannot say, on the Monday night; I recollect I was at his house, that was Trinity-Monday.
What was he doing at your house on the 12th; because he had a house of his own you know?
I had some things of his wife's to wash, she was not well.
What was his business on Sunday?
Merely to sit down and talk.
The business of a waterman is not over so early as seven o'clock, at this time of year?
My husband is a waterman, and when he is tired, he will come home as soon as seven; Mr. Delamaine said he was tired.
Did he come to your house on the Saturday before the 12th?
I dare say he did.
Do you know that he did?
Yes.
What time?
I did not take particular notice.
How came you to take particular notice on the 12th?
I remarked that I had made so much haste.
That is no reason that he should come to you upon that day?
He did come that day.
Who lived in the house with you?
No one at all.
You have no servant?
No.
Who had he to take care of his wife, has he any servant?
No, only the nurse.
And what was the occasion of his coming to you?
He came to fetch a bundle of clothes I had taken to wash.
Was the bundle ready for him when he came?
No, the things were not all troned, I ironed them in the evening, and carried them the next morning.
You gave him what was finished as soon as he came?
Yes.
How came he not to go away with them?
I asked him if he would stop and take a mouthful of bread and cheese; they supped with me, and his wife went out and fetched some lettices.
You are mate of the Friendship?
Yes.
Were you on board the Friendship on the 12th of June?
Yes.
Was that the day the ship was paid off?
Yes.
Where did she lie?
At the King's moorings.
Is there a public-house on the opposite side of the shore?
Yes, at the mast-house.
There is a mill between that and Limehouse, I believe?
Yes.
How far is the mill from the public-house?
I cannot positively say, I suppose seven or eight hundred yards.
Is this walk much frequented?
Yes.
It would be very much frequented from seven o'clock till nine o'clock of the Saturday night?
Yes, very much.
The men leave work at that time, and there are a great many passing?
Yes.
Was it possible for a person to lie there three house, without being noticed?
I should think not.
Do you recollect seeing Nazaret on board your ship on this day?
Yes.
Do you recollect what sum he was paid?
I think it was 32l. old.
Was he drunk or sober?
He was intoxicated, and much more after he was paid.
Was he drunk with liquor given him by the captain?
The captain did not give him any.
Do you know how he was paid?
He was paid in Bank of England notes.
What were the sums?
I think ten, five, and two, I cannot say.
Did you see him go away?
No, I believe I was below.
Did you see him in the course of the evening?
To the best of my recollection, the last time I saw him was about four o'clock, and then he appeared to be more in liquor than he was before he received his wages.
You are a waterman, and live at Deptford?
Yes.
Do you know where the prisoner lives?
Yes, at Deptford-green.
Do you know the distance of his house from the Friendship, and from thence to the King's-arms?
Yes, I do.
How long would it have taken a man to go from the prisoner's house to the Friendship, and from there to the King's-arms?
I think it would take three quarters of an hour, particularly if I was detained to go from the prisoner's house to the Chalk-stone, upon the Mill-wall.
The Mill-wall is a great thoroughsare, is it not?
Particularly on a Saturday night it is very much thronged; all manner of working people are passing and repassing.
