I am a relation of Mr. William Goodwin; he has two shops in Leicester square , St. Ann's, Westminster, No. 9 and No. 10; I manage the business of No. 9, Mr. Godwin is at No. 10; the prisoner came into the shop last Monday afternoon when we were very busy; she said she wanted a piece of calico; being busy with other people I did not attend to her; when the people were all out of the shop I shewed her some calico; she said it was too cheap to be good, and went out of the shop; as she was going out of the shop, I perceived a bulk of something in her gown; I sent Edmund Conner after her; he brought her back; she was searched by the constable.
Was any thing found upon her
Nothing but this print.
Did you see the print found upon her
No. After she came back the print was produced; this is the print that was brought back with her; it is my master's property; I know it well by the private mark, N. S.
Had you seen that print in the course of the day
Yes; I took it down while she was in the shop to shew another person, about ten minutes before she left the shop.
Are you sure that you did not sell it to her
I sold her nothing, and there was only Edmund Conner and myself serving in the shop.
Do you belong to this shop
Yes.
Look at that print - did you sell the young woman that print
No, I sold her nothing; I saw her in the shop.
What is the value of the print
Sixteen shillings.
You was the person that followed the prisoner
Yes; I overtook her and touched her upon the shoulder; I said you must come back; she said what for, do you want this; she took out this piece of print. There were several customers in the shop when she was there. I had no suspicion of her.
to Mrs. Rion. When did you begin to suspect the prisoner
When she was turning the corner of the door, then I was convinced she had something.
Was she near the print
She was close to the woman that I was shewing the print to.
I had formerly lived in this house, and I went in to enquire for Mr. Nalder's people; they told me Mr. Chamberlain was dead: I did not go into the shop to buy any thing; I went out of doors; I was going up Leicester street, going home; just at the corner of the street I saw this piece of print; there was a woman went before me. I naturally, as I saw the print, took it up and put it in my gown; somebody tapped me on the shoulder and said you have something that is not your own; I said, have I? take it.
