I live with Mr. Hodgson, tailor, in King-street, Kensington: I went out about a quarter before four, on the 12th of August, to Kelson-green, on the road to Harrow , about two miles from Kensington ; I had got about a mile and a quarter or a mile and a half when I overtook the prisoner; I had never seen him before to my knowledge; he asked me what o'clock it was, I told him about twenty minutes after four; then after walking a few yards by the side of me, I was in the road and he in the foot-path, he asked me if that was the Harrow road; I told him, yes strait on; he walked on till we came to the gate and there he put his hand upon my two shoulders and said, your money or your life; I gave him my watch, and said to him, here is my watch, I have no money; have not you got any, says he, and felt the outside of my pockets all round; I had a half-guinea in my pocket, but I told him I had not any, and he did not feel it; he then got over the gate, doubled his fist at me, and said something which I cannot recollect; then he went away.
Had he any weapon?
I did not see any.
How long might he be with you?
A very short time in the whole.
Have you ever seen your watch again?
Yes.
How soon did you see him again?
I was robbed on the Tuesday, and I saw him again on the Saturday.
I am a pawnbroker (produces the watch) it was pledged by a person in the name of Susan Taylor , on the 12th of August; but who pledged it I cannot say: I do not know whether I took it in or my young man.
This is my watch, I have had it about half a year; I have no doubt at all of its being my watch.
The prisoner brought a watch to me, and I pledged it for him; I had lived with him about three months.
Did he tell you how he came by it?
No; I pledged it at Mr. Fuller's.
On the 16th of August, about eight at night, I apprehended the prisoner, near the Swan at Bayswater.
Did you know him before?
I had seen him at different times; I found nothing upon him but a gardener's knife, a glove, and one farthing.
On the Sunday following the apprehension of the prisoner, I went to him and asked him what he had done with the duplicate of the watch, and he said he had left it at the house of Susan Taylor , at Turnham-green; I went there, she gave me the ticket.
I asked the gentleman for his watch, and he gave it me directly.
