At the time I was robbed, I lived at No. 13, Holborn ; I lodged up three pair of stairs; my landlord's name was Thomas Blunt: I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment; I am a washerwoman ; I was in the wash-house; I hung up eight shirts wet upon the line to dry; I went up stairs; I put my hand in my pocket for the key, and the prisoner opened the door in my face; he was inside the room; this was about four o'clock in the afternoon; I up with both my hands, and collared him; he said, d-n your eyes, what do you want with me; he got loose from me, and ran down stairs; I ran after him, and cried stop thief; he was stopped in the street by a man that he made a blow at; I never lost sight of him; that man is not here; when I went into my room, I found the property all gone; I had left every thing in its place about an hour before; in about ten minutes after the prisoner was taken, I went into the room and found a bundle behind the door, tied up in a handkerchief, containing a bed-gown, a child's petticoat, a counterpane, three pocket-handkerchiefs, and some other things; I have found nothing since but what was in that handkerchief; the shirts and the foul linen were entirely gone.
Did you see any other man about the premises?
No; the prisoner was searched, but nothing found upon him.
This is a common lodging-house, is it not?
Yes.
How many different persons lodge in the house?
Only one family; his name is Thomas Kent .
And there is Mr. Blunt, you know?
Yes, he lives below.
You never saw the prisoner before?
No.
Whether he was acquainted with Kent or Blunt, you do not know?
No.
Therefore whether he came to see either of them you cannot tell?
I cannot; I found him in my room.
On the 10th of December, at four o'clock, I should think it would be dark?
No, it was not; I could see his face very plainly.
I am a hairdresser: I heard the cry of stop thief; I went into Gray's-inn-lane, when I saw Mrs. Baker lay hold of the prisoner; I did not see him come out of the house; he was searched, but nothing found upon him.
I am a carpenter; I work for Mr. Blunt; I lodge upon the same floor where Mary Blanchfield lives: I went up stairs for a saw, and as I was coming down stairs, I met the prisoner going up; after I had been down about a quarter of an hour, cutting some wood in my master's yard, I met the prisoner near the bottom of the stairs, coming down again; he was walking very leisurely.
I am an officer belonging to the Police-office, Hatton-garden: When the prisoner was brought to the office, this bundle was given into my care.
I am sister to Mrs. Blunt: I heard Mrs. Blanchfield scream, and she immediately gave me the key of her door, and begged I would go and lock it; she went after the man; I went up stairs and found these things, and this silk handkerchief, left tied up behind the door in the room.
I saw a vast concourse of people running down Gray's-inn-lane; I ran with the rest, and I fell down, and they laid hold of me.
