I live at No. 6, Adam and Eve-court, Oxford-street , I am a widow, and a laundress ; the prisoner lodged with me from May to the 3d of November, he came in on the 3d of November about eight o'clock, he asked me what he owed me; I told him five shillings and five-pence, but he did not pay me; I then asked him to sit down, he refused, he stood some time; he then asked me what o'clock it was, my watch hung in the beaufet just by his side, I told him to look; he said, when he looked, it is twenty minutes past eight o'clock; he then said he would go and get something for supper; he went out, and never returned; I had nobody with me at the time, nor I never went off the chair.
How soon did you miss the watch?
About half an hour afterwards; I was sitting mending stockings by my own fire, and when I went to my beaufet my watch was gone; I went to Marlborough-street to lay an information against him, but never heard any thing of him till the 6th of February; he was not a soldier then, he worked for Mr. Spencer, a horse dealer.
Did you ever find your watch?
Not till he was taken up.
It was about eight o'clock when the prisoner came to you, you did not miss your watch till nine?
No.
How many people live in your house?
Only four or five.
Was any person in the room?
No, nor I had never been off the chair.
I am servant to Mr. Salten, pawnbroker, in the Strand; I produce a watch pledged by the prisoner for one pound on the 3d of November, about half past nine at night, or ten o'clock.
Are you sure that is the man?
I believe it is, to the best of my recollection.
How was the man dressed that pledged the watch?
In a blue coat, he was not dressed like a soldier then.
Then you cannot take upon you to say that was the man, it might have been a man like him for what you know
So like him, that you have no doubt about him?
I rather believe it is the man.
On the 6th of this month, I took the prisoner into custody; on searching him I found this duplicate with the name of Salten, a pawnbroker, in the Strand.
Look at that duplicate?
I have the counter part, they both agree; he had pawned the watch in the name of Howard.
I went along with my brother-officer, I saw him search the fob pocket, and take the ticket out.
