I live with Mr. Ware: On the 9th of January, between six and seven, or near seven o'clock, I went to the lower old shed; I found four pair and a half of boot legs concealed under a beam; I took them out to see who they were dressed by; they were dressed by a person in the manufactory, whose work I knew; a person shewed me where they were; I went to the upper old shed, and concealed myself under the stiffing board; I had a perfect view of the lower old shed; there was no flooring to the upper old shed; in the course of half an hour, this George Oswald came up with a candle from the working shop to the lower old shed, which is above the warehouse, but there is room between that and the warehouse; he came with a candle, and went to the spot where the legs were, at the further end of the lower old shed, and then he seemed to handle some leather; he returned back, and went with the candle to the suffing table; he left the candle at the top of the stair-case, and then went back to the place where the legs were, and took the legs away; I could but just discern him between the darkness and the light; he put them under his waistcoat, and drew them up; and, in the act of drawing them up, his apron-string broke, and fell down, and he had some difficulty in fastening the apron up; he went to the work-shop; as soon as I went down, and passed him, when he was in the work-shop, I said it was very hot with the stove, which was the case; I went to Mr. Ware, and said what I had seen, and desired them to follow; while I was telling him, the prisoner came through the accompting-house; he was going out, I followed him, and gave Denham charge to follow me and Mr. Webb; he went into the street; we followed him, and laid hold of him by the collar; he asked if I wanted to speak to him; I said, yes, and the rest laid hold of him, and brought him into the accompting-house; we sent for a person from Hatton-garden; he was searched, and the legs found upon him; I have them here; they were marked; every one of them put their names on them. (The boot legs produced.) They are the same.
What value are they?
About seven shillings a pair to the trade; there are four pair and a half.
What are you master's names?
Richard Cumberledge Ware and Samuel Ware.
I am foreman to Mr. Ware.
What are the names of the two Mr. Wares?
Samuel Ware and Richard-Cumberledge Ware: Having received information that some boot legs had been secreted with a design to be carried away, and put into an improper place, Roberts was appointed by Mr. Ware himself to watch who should take those legs away; Roberts went from the accompting-house with that design; he came down, and said George Oswald had secreted the legs; in consequence of that, we begged he would watch him out; and as soon as I saw him pass through the accompting-house to the shop, at that time Roberts was at the door, I laid hold of his coat, and said, he must come back to the accompting-house, and must unbutton and take those things out; he unbuttoned his waistcoat, and we took the legs from him.
Were the legs marked?
Yes, I marked them myself; they are the same.
