- I live in High-street, Shadwell , I am a shoe-maker , I keep the house, I have no partner: On the 6th of November, between seven and eight o'clock at night, my window was broken, and a pair of men's shoes taken out.
How was the window broke?
There was a small hole which I had broken myself, and mended it with a small piece of strong paper; and secured it by wafers four days before; that paper was pushed on one side, and the hole made bigger; the shoes I never heard of till the officers brought them to me, and asked me whether they were my shoes; I told him I had no doubt of it in the least, by the two letters of the man's name I bought the shoes of; I was not present when the shoes were taken out.
Therefore you don't know whether they were taken out that instant?
I know that the shoes were there ten minutes before I missed them.
I am a baker, I live in Essex-street, Whitechapel; John States and William Sinclair came to me on Thursday, the 6th of November; they had a pair of shoes, and they asked me whether I would buy them; I don't know which it was that offered them me; they asked me three shillings and sixpence, and I gave them three shillings and sixpence because they fitted me; I threw the money upon the table, but who took it up I cannot tell.
What did you do with the shoes?
I wore them till the prisoners were taken; and Mr. Haynes, the officer, hearing I had a pair of shoes, he applied to me, and I gave them to him.
I am an officer belonging to Shadwell High-street: On Thursday last; the 4th of December, I received these shoes from Mr. Jaques, (produces them) I asked him how he came by them; he told me he had bought them of the accomplice, States, and the prisoner at the bar, and that he had given three shillings and sixpence for them; I asked him when he bought them, and he said, on the 6th of November, about eight o'clock at night; I went to the shoe-maker with the shoes, and he said, he had lost such a pair of shoes marked J. K.
I have no doubt but these are the same shoes, there is J. K. upon them; it is the man's mark I bought them of.
I am a hairdresser, I live at No. 25, Shadwell High street, next door to Mr. Brook's: On the 6th of November, between seven and eight o'clock, I went to my own shop door, and looking towards Mr. Brooks's shop, I saw the prisoner at the bar, and this man. States, at the window; I could see the face of States, but not the face of Sinclair; I passed by them, and I thought I saw a piece of paper move; then I crossed the way; suspecting they meant to rob the shop, I stood opposite, and I thought I saw the prisoner Sinclair's arm move, and drawing a pair of shoes out of the window, and giving them to States, who then moved away.
What became of Sinclair?
They both walked away from the window, I then went to Mr. Brooks's, and asked him if he had lost any thing; he told me, a pair of shoes.
You are sure you saw States there?
Yes.
And you believe the other boy was there likewise?
I believe he was, but I did not see his face clearly.
(To Jaques.) Are you sure that States was one of the boys that sold you the shoes?
I am positive of it.
I am an officer, I apprehended States in the morning of the 16th of November; and, about four o'clock on the same day, Jaques came and informed me that Sinclair was at his house with a watch, which he did not think Sinclair came honestly by.
I work with my father at the water-side; I have known Sinclair about a twelvemonth: On the 6th of November, between seven and eight o'clock, I and Sinclair were going down High-street, Shadwell, and we saw this shoe shop, and seeing nobody in it, William Sinclair shoved his hand through the window, and took out a pair of shoes, and he gave them to me; I walked away, and put them into my pocket; we were coming back to get some more, and we saw a gentleman standing on the other side of the way, with a light coloured coat on; we thought this gentleman was looking at us, and we made the best of our way off; we went into Catherine-wheelalley, and sold them to Timothy Jaques for 3s. 6d. that is all I know.
I have nothing to say, I only want the things that the officer took from me.
