I am keeper of the Poultry Compter , (Produces the warrant of commitment of John Dunn ;) it is the handwriting of the late Lord Mayor, Harvey-Christian Combe; I received John Dunn , on the 7th of November, under this warrant.
Have you got your appointment?
No, I was appointed by an order of Common-council.(Mr. Alley contended that it was necessary he should prodace his appointment, which was over-ruled by the Court.)(The warrant read.)
On the 2st of November, in consequence of information, I gave directions, that every body who came to enquire after Dunn, should be searched, I was called down into the office to see the prisoner searched; Baldwin, Lee, and Alderman were present; there was a man who came along with her, he was searched, he had nothing about him. but upon her was sound a small coil of rope, and a spring saw, (produces them;) she was asked about them, but would not say who they were for; she said, she was ordered to bring them there, but denied who they were for; a Bank-note of thirty pounds, and a sixpence, were also found upon her; she said her name was Winisred Bryan, and she was servant to Mr. Dunn.
Would such a rope as that facilitate the escape of a person out of prison?
Certainly it would.
As to this prison, I do not know the situation of it, these things did not find their way into the prison, but into the lobby?
No, they never went inside the prison at all; she was stopped in the lobby.
Before the got into the house at all?
Yes, in the passage, just within the first door.
When you go out from the Poultry, you go through some gates to a passage?
Yes.
Before you get to the absolute gate of extreme consinement, there is another gate?
Yes.
A little further is the lobby, within the second, and then there is a third?
Yes.
At night the lobby is inclosed within the general sence of the prison?
Yes.
The lobby is a part of the jail.
I am one of the under keepers of the Poultry-Compter; on the 21st of November; I saw the prisoner walk up the court to come to the prison, she came to see her husband, the man who was tried last; she said, she wanted to go to her husband, Dunn; just as she was coming into the lobby, I stopped her there, and told her, my master wanted to speak to her, and I sent for my master.
Did you know of her bringing any instruments, or give her leave to do so?
No.
This lobby is before you come to the jail?
Yes.
You stopped her before she got to the prison?
Yes.
I am head under keeper of the Poultry Compter; on Friday the 21st of November, I received some information, which I communicated to the keeper, in consequence of which, he gave directions that if any person came to the gate to enquire for Dunn, to stop them, and call them in; I was called out at the gate, and saw the prisoner and a man standing by the side of her; I asked her if she wanted Dunn, she said, she did; I desired her to walk into the lobby with me, which she did, and the man followed her; I asked her if she had any thing about her, she said, no, she had not; I desired her to take off her cloak, that I might search her; she then turned from me, and went to the other gate, but it was shut; I desired her to come into the lobby again, which she did, and pulled off her cloak; I searched her, and in her left-hand pocket, I found this coil of rope, it is more than eighteen yards, and in her right-hand pocket, I found this spring saw; I asked her how she, came by them, and, to the best of my recollection, she said, Dunn ordered her to bring them to him; she did not say for what purpose; I asked her, if she was the wife of Dunn she said, no, she was only his maid; while I was speaking to her, I saw her put her hand into her bosom, I supposed she had some other instrument about her, but there was not; she was then sent to Giltspur-street Compter.
Look at that saw, and tell me what use that may be put to?
I think this saw sufficient to cut any bar that we had asunder, in a very short time; this rope would be sufficient to let any one down from any part of our prison to the ground.
Were these things brought to the jail with your consent and permission?
No; the next day she came before the Lord Mayor, and said her name was Winifred Bryan , and was not the wife of Dunn.
I saw these things found.
Did you give the prisoner any permission to bring these things in?
No.
Is young Mr. Teague here?
No; the prison would have been left alone else.
Is he one of the under keeper?
No.
(To Teague.) Is your son an under keeper?
No.
