Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a commodore in the India Company's warehouses; the prisoner was also a commodore in the warehouses at St. Helen's ; I was employed there from the 18th to the 23d: On the 23d I was in the cellar, and in consequence of information, I went down a dark alley in the warehouse, put my hand behind an opium chest, and there I found a bag of nutmegs; I shewed it to a person in the cellar; I saw the nutmegs in the bag; the man that was with me put his hand further in, and produced another bag containing nutmegs; I kept them in my hand till the elder came; I put them back again, by his order, into the same place that I had taken them from; the elder and I went to the other end of the warehouse, when the prisoner came down and went into the dark alley, where I had seen him several times before; I then went towards the alley, and met the prisoner coming out, he went up the steps into the yard, and I followed him; then he went towards the privy, and just as he was going into the privy, I clapped my hand upon his shoulder, and said, Tom, you must not go in there, I am sorry for you; says he, I have got none; the elder came, and said, Tom, I am sorry for you, I thought I could have trusted my life in your hands, as far as honesty; he said, so you may, for I am as trustworthy as ever I was; the elder said, I am afraid you have got something about you that you should not have; he then said to the elder, come here, I want to speak to you; the elder told him, he could not come there, and desired him to come into the watch-house, in the yard; I went with the elder and the prisoner to the watch-house door, and saw the nutmegs taken from him; I heard the elder ask the prisoner what he had got; he said, he had nothing, and then the elder felt his pockets, and took a bag of nutmegs out of each pocket; I then went with him before the Lord-Mayor, and he was committed.
Are you able to say, whether the bags that were taken from the prisoner, were the same that you found behind the chest?
Yes.
This man is not a commodore yet?
He is acting commodore, though he does not receive the pay, he does duty.
For the good natured purpose, trying whether your messmates would commit a felony or not, you put them back into that place?
I was ordered so to do.
I believe, before he would be suffered to go out at the gate, he would have been pretty closely rubbed down?
He would have been rubbed down.
The prisoner has, himself, been the means of detecting persons who have been committing those fort of depredations?
Yes, it was his duty so to do.
Did not you know that the nutmegs in that warehouse, belonged to the merchants who had purchased them, and not to the India-Company?
The nutmegs were in the warehouse.
Do I understand you rightly, that he had denied having any thing?
He did.
When they are sold in the sales, do they not remain afterwards under the care of the Company?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an assistant elder in the India Company's warehouses; I took the prisoner to the watch-house belonging to the warehouses; I said to him, Tom, I am very sorry for you, I thought I could have trusted you, but you have got something in your pocket that you should not have; he immediately replied to me, I have not; after which, he seemed to wish to speak to me out of the watch-house: I told him, no, Tom, I must not do that, I must see what you have got about you; I said, come, it does not signify talking, you have got them; upon that I put my hand into his pocket, and pulled a bag of nutmegs out of each pocket; he was taken before the Lord-Mayor and committed.
Were there such nutmegs in the warehouses at the time?
We had such. (Produces them.)
You have been a long time in this warehouse?
Yes.
And so has the prisoner at the bar?
Yes; he is a man that I always thought a very honest man.
I believe he has been the means of detecting some persons who have been committing depredations?
One person he has.
Mr. Stinton, the elder, told me, if I found any thing concealed, to let him know, and I should be promoted in the warehouse, and as he was not much liked in the warehouse for fear of a trap being laid for him, three years ago, I stopped a man with nutmegs, and it was dropped; I could not walk the streets safely after it, I was so ill used, and that was the reason why I took them to him in that private manner; I have been thirteen years in the warehouse.
