I am a carpenter .
Do you lodge with Charles Mayo
Yes; at the White Hart in Chancery lane ; I have lodged there between two and three years.
Do you know what parish that is in
That I cannot possibly say. St. Andrew's, I believe.
Now look at the prisoner; do you know him
No further than seeing him at Hatton garden on the Wednesday morning, when he had my property on him.
Did that man come to lodge at Mayo's house
Yes, as they informed me; on Friday evening the 18th when I came home from work I found a man in bed, in the room where I sleep.
What time in the evening was that
A little after eleven.
You went to bed
Yes.
What time did you go out to your work the next morning
A little after six.
Now what things had you of your own in the room where you slept
I had a chest.
Was it locked
Yes, I had the key myself; it was locked when I got up and went out in the morning.
Did you look in your box
No; I always try the lock to see whether it is locked when I go out in the morning.
When did you last lock it
The day before in the morning, before I went out to work; I wanted something out.
Were all your things safe in it then
Yes, it was.
Now tell me what things particular you had in it
I had nine shirts, marked RH, and two neck handkerchiefs, marked RH, two pocket and two necks.
Was there any thing else
Yes, there were silk handkerchiefs, one marked with a figure of nine, one pocket handkerchief not marked, a two pound bank note, half a guinea, and some silver, and three broaches; I went out to my work in the morning, I returned between twelve and one in the day; I went up into my bed room, I looked at my chest, I found it broken open.
What was the lock forced
Yes.
Was it open or shut
It was shut; I tried to unlock it with the key, I could not; I put my hand to the lid and lifted it up; then I missed the articles.
Upon your oath, have you missed all the things you have related
Yes.
When you went out in the morning you left the stranger in bed, did not you
Yes, I did.
When did you see the things again
It was on Saturday the 19th I missed them; I saw them again on the Wednesday following; I saw three handkerchiefs and one shirt.
Was that all you saw
Yes. The prisoner at the bar had got the shirt on; when I came to the office it was taken off him, and then I could swear to it, it had got the name taken out; when he was first taken, when I first saw it, the name was taken out; I knew it by the mark in the bosom of the shirt, it was worked with a heart, I knew it by that, by the work of that heart; I believe to the best of my knowledge it was my shirt, I knew it by the frill, and every thing; I saw it was a new shirt; the person who made the shirt is in court.
Now with regard to the two handkerchiefs, can you speak to them
Yes, one is marked with my name; the pocket handkerchief and the other is marked with J. A. No. 9; it is a silk handkerchief; and a pocket handkerchief that is not marked; I know that, having had it for three years, for a particular reason; I know it as an old acquaintance.
Do you happen to know what parish your house is in Chancery lane
St. Andrew's.
Your house is the White Hart
Yes.
Now look at the prisoner at the bar, do you know him
Yes, I know him very well.
When did the prisoner come to your house to lodge
On the 18th of November; he came about eight o'clock in the evening, he asked me if he could have a bed; my mother said he might have one up at the top of the house.
At how much a week
At three shillings.
Was he a perfect stranger to you
Quite so; he informed my mother that he was a gentleman's servant out of place.
What room was he to sleep in
In the front garret.
Who slept in the same room with him
Robert Hawkins , with one of my little brothers; he took a glass of beer, and said he was going to Lincoln's inn or Stone buildings; he returned about eleven at night and went to bed.
Was that before Hawkins came home
I cannot exactly say that.
Do you recollect at about what time the prisoner got up the next morning
Between nine and ten; he did not breakfast with us; he passed the bar, I saw him go past the bar window through the passage; I did not see whether he had any bundle or no; he seemed as if he was coming down stairs; I heard him speak to my father, and said if any one should call on him at twelve o'clock he should be there; my father asked him his name, he said his name was Harris; he went out and never returned.
Of course he did not pay for the lodgings
He paid before hand.
He paid the over night, did he
Yes, he changed a seven shilling piece. About the middle of the day Mr. Hawkins, the young man that slept in the same room came home, went up stairs and found his box broken open; my father and me went up stairs; at the same time my brother's box was broke open; he went into three different rooms. I found three boxes broken open.
Did any body else lodge up stairs
Another man lodged in another room.
How long had he lodged with you
Some time; he is a very respectable man, he appeared against the prisoner at Hatton Garden; he is now gone in the country. Nothing was taken out of his box. My brother's box was entirely stripped of every thing.
With regard to Hawkins, he has lodged with your father near three years
Yes; he is a very respectable young man.
I belong to Hatton Garden office; the prisoner was brought into the office by a publican where he had lodged recently; the man is here, his name is John Anderson ; he was delivered into my custody on Saturday the 19th of last November; I searched him; in his pocket I found a pair of gloves; in his side pocket I found a silk handkerchief and a cotton handkerchief, and another handkerchief; the silk handkerchief is marked J. A. 9. We did not know of this robbery then; he was charged with another; I asked him his name then, he told me his name was Robert Stimpson . I then said you have got a very good shirt on, and I mean to see whether it has any marks on it; there I saw two leters, R. H.; I am sure of that; he was committed afterwards, and brought up again on the Wednesday. I have had the two handkerchiefs ever since. On the Wednesday Hawkins came; he saw these things and swore to two of them; he was suffered to go to prison with the shirt on.
I took the prisoner to goal on Saturday the 19th; he was brought into the office by a publican.
You did not strip the shirt off him then
No. I was present when Trott took the shirt out of his breeches, I saw the mark R. H. On Wednesday the second examination I took the shirt off him.
Then you do not know whether he had changed the shirt from the Saturday to the Wednesday
I am pretty sure he had not; I took particular notice of the shirt, I am sure it was not changed; he confessed to me that he picked the mark out. I asked him how he came to pick the mark out that was on the Wednesday, he said he had a right to pick the mark out if he liked, it was his own. Here is a handkerchief I found on him marked with R. H.; and this waistcoat I found on the 19th; I took these from him before Trott searched him; he had them under his arm when he was first brought into the office.
I am a publican, I keep the Lamb in Lambsconduit street.
Do you know the prisoner
Yes; he came to my house on Tuesday the 15th of November and asked for a lodging; he gave me a reference to his sister 105 in Great Russel street, to enquire the next morning.
Did he stay with you that night
Yes; he came down past nine o'clock on the following morning, saying he was going out to fetch his box, and if any body came after him he was to be back by twelve o'clock, his name was Robert Harris , About ten minutes after he was gone out a lodger went up stairs and found his box broken open, and all the things taken out; another lodger's box and things to the\\ amountof five pound was taken out; I went to the office that day. On Saturday the 19th I went down Saffron hill, I met the prisoner coming up Saffron hill, I asked him how he came to leave my house without paying the lodging; he said I made a mistake, that he was not the person; I told him I was certain that he was the person.
In point of fact this is going into another charge, I only want to come just to your apprehending him
I asked him what his name was; he said his name was Stimpson, he lived in Battle Bridge; I said I would go with him to see whether he lived there. I took hold of him by the collar and took him into Hatton Garden office.
I produce the shirt I took from the prisoner on the Wednesday.
And then you found two letters had been taken out
I did. I have kept the shirt ever since.
Look at these handkerchiefs and this shirt, and tell the gentlemen of the jury whether you are able to say they are your's
This shirt was marked R H on that side; I know it by the heart and the frill, it is my shirt.
. I made the shirt.
Did you make that heart
I did: I am sure it is my work, and this handkerchief is my work; it is Mr. Hawkins'.
This is my handkerchief; the silk handkerchief is mine; it is marked I A 9; the waistcoat is not mine.
What is the value of the handkerchiefs and the shirts
The shirts cost me fifteen shillings a piece, the handkerchiefs about eight shillings the three.
You say altogether there were nine shirts missing and seven handkerchiefs
Yes.
On the morning of the 19th of November I went to the west end of the town, I had a two pound note, and coming down Holborn hill there there was a Jew standing with a waistcoat on his arm; he asked me to buy them; I said I would give him seven shillings for them; he likewise pulled out a silk handkerchief and a cotton one; I gave him ten shillings for the waistcoat and two handkerchiefs. I went and paid for a pair of shoes and I had a one pound note left which the officers took from me.
I lost a two pound note with these things.
