On the 12th of February I was going from the Horse and Ten Bells, in Shoreditch, where I lodged, to the Spread-Eagle, in Gracechurch-street, to go by the coach to Portsmouth, and employed the prisoner as porter to carry my things in a bag; I had supported him, and paid for his lodging about three days before; there were a blue coat, four shirts, two pair of trowsers, a pair of shoes, a jacket, and a pair of drawers.
What happened to you as you were going along together?
He seemed to keep behind me; I called to him to come up to me, as I had walked a little way before him; he said, aye, aye, I am coming, and when I looked round again, I did not see him; I called him by name, he did not answer.
Was the bag tied up?
Yes; the next day after I heard he was hanging out at Rosemary-lane, and the next morning I found him at the Three Kings, in White's yard, Rosemary-lane; he had then a shirt and jacket of mine on his back.
What house did you take him into?
The Old Fountain, in Rosemary-lane; there I gave charge of him to the officer.
Did the prisoner say any thing?
He said nothing in the least.
Did you say any thing to the prisoner?
No farther than I gave the description of the shirt and jacket, and when it was examined it had the particular marks on it.
Whether you had not engaged him for a seaman?
I tendered him, but they would not accept him; they said he was a good for nothing old man.
Are you a seaman?
I am; but I do not belong to any ship at present.
I keep a sale-shop; Mr. Graham came to my shop and told me he had three men that he wanted some slops for; the prisoner was one of them that he had taken up the slops for; he gave him the bag to carry home; he said he was going to the inn, to go to Portsmouth.
I am headborough: I produce a jacket and a shirt, which I took from the prisoner on the 12th of February, at the Three Kings, in Rosemary-lane; I asked him if he had got the clothes Mr. Graham had given him in charge, for he said he had taken them to the Old Fountain; after that he said he had taken them out of that house; I asked the prosecutor if he had any private mark on his clothes, as he said they were his that he had on his back; he said, yes, and gave me the mark; the shirt was marked on the shoulder and the jacket on the belly; I turned up the jacket and found the marks.
Did you ever get the remaining part of your things?
No.
He told me he would provide me with things for the voyage, and I was with him three days; I was to get every thing ready, and he was to provide it; I had five shillings of him, which I must have paid when I got on board a ship; he called upon me in a coach, about six o'clock in the evening, for me to come to the other house where he lived, for me to go to the South Seas; he had been drinking very freely with two men, and I was to go with them with the bag, and the jacket and trowsers, to the Spread Eagle, in Gracechurch-street, and when we came into the tap-room there was a gentleman there; I was the cleanest man along with him; the gentleman looked round and said, are you going with that man, d - n you; the two men that were with him then turned out of the doors; he took his bed on his shoulder, seeing them go, and I, being in a neighbourhood where I knew no one, I could not find him again, if I had a mind; I took the bag on my shoulder; we being both drunk, I could not find him out; I made no property of the things; I did not want to have the luggage; the next morning I was looking for him; I was not obliged to be answerable for him; I belonged to a man of war; I had my discharge; he was almost as drunk as I was.
Where had you come from before you went to Gracechurch-street?
From Rosemary-lane up to my house, and from there to Gracechurch-street; he brought the things from my house with me.
