M'DERMOTT sworn. - I am the wife of Patrick M'Dermott: I came from Chatham and went to dine with Mrs. Kelly in Seacoal-lane ; I had the property in a bundle in a handkerchief; the prisoner, who was a dustman , came to the door to ask for some beer; the landlady of the house was lying down upon the bed; and I put the bundle down upon the sideboard, in the room below stairs, close to the street, while I called the woman to give him some beer; there were two of them, the prisoner was outside; the window was open; the landlady of the house was lying upon the bed in the same room; I saw the prisoner take away the bundle, and run up the street with it; I went out, but could not get a sight of him, and then the other man drove the cart away; the bundle contained a gown, seven yards and a half of muslin, a muslin handkerchief, a cap, and a silk handkerchief; I went to enquire after the man, and I found them both together, and the cart empty; but I never found my bundle again.
Did you never see them before?
No; I charged a constable with the prisoner.
M'DERMOTT sworn. - I am a private in the 14th regiment of foot: I was not in London at the time of the robbery; my wife brought away from Chatham the things mentioned in the indictment.
I know no more of it than the child unborn.
I was with the prisoner in Seacoal-lane; I went into the cellar with him, and when we had got our load, I asked the gentlewoman for some beer; she said when we came back for the remainder we should have some; when we came back she said she had lost her bundle.
Was the window open at all?
Yes, the farther window was open, and she was at the window.
Then you never heard any thing at all about the bundle?
No; she found us as we were coming back for the remainder of the dust, as she had promised to give us some beer; she said she had lost her bundle, and that my fellow-servant had put it up into the cart; I said, if it is so, ma'am, if you will go back you will see the load is but just shot
How long has the prisoner worked with your master?
About three or four months.
I am not in any business; I live next door to Mrs. Kelly; I saw the cart go away, but I saw no bundle.
I was at the door at the same time that the cart was filling; I live at the next house; I did not see any bundle.
I saw the cart go by; I heard a noise; I enquired what was the matter, and this good woman told me she had lost her bundle, and asked me if I knew which way the dustmen went; I told her I did not know; she said that dustman were very bad men, and must have taken it; then she went away, and she came back and said she had seen the dust, but could not find the things.
(To Mrs. M'Dermott.) Did you make use of this expression-dustmen are very bad men, and they must have taken the bundle?
No, I did not; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I saw him take the bundle, and before I could get round the corner he was gone; I could see the cart and the other man; but I had lost sight of him.
