What are you?
I am a watchman at Mess. Goodwin's brewhouse.
Do you know the person of the prisoner?
Yes: On Thursday last, the 5th of January, I saw him come in with a bar of iron on his shoulder, about four o'clock in the afternoon, and Henry Brown with him; I saw him again about half past five; he came to the gate from the brew-house to go out of the premises; he was then alone; he asked me to let him out; I asked him if he had finished his jobs; he said, no, he was going home for more tools, he was a smith; I opened the gate to let him out; I locked it again, and went back into the yard, it was dark; Hodsell called out, stop that man; the prisoner had nothing in his hand when I let him out.
He went the usual way?
Yes.
He was not running away?
No, he did not run away.
Examined by Mr. Watson. I am a constable; I was taking the boy before the Magistrate, and going along in Nightingale-lane we saw the prisoner, and Mr. Scriven gave me charge of him.
Did you search the boy?
Yes, in Mess. Goodwin's accompting-house; I found four articles upon him. - (Produces a brass washer and three copper rivets.)
When was this?
The same evening, the 5th of January.
What are you?
An apprentice to Mr. Bryant, a smith; he does the smith's work for Mess Goodwin's brewhouse: On the 5th of January the prisoner and I left Mr. Bryant's shop in Wapping, about ten minutes before four o'clock on Thursday last with some work; we went to Mr. Goodwin's brewhouse; the prisoner had a bar of iron on his shoulder, and I had a hammer in my hand; we were going to fit some work on some brass cocks at the brewhouse; when we got there, there was a screw which prevented his trying the work; he had a candle alight in his hand, and we went up some stairs, and he called me after him; I went up to the top of the stairs to a little warehouse door, and he called me again by my name; then I went inside the place, and he told me to pick up those articles that lay there, and put them in my pocket, which I did.
Were they articles like either of these?
I cannot say whether they were like these or not; as soon as I had put them in my pocket I came out, and Mr. Hodsell caught me about five or six yards from the door; the prisoner made his escape, and ran down some stairs; he ran towards the gate where the watchman was; Mr. Hodsell came down the same stairs; when he got to the yard he called out to the watchman not to let that man go out, but he was gone out; Mr. Hodsell took me to the gate; Mr. Scriven came, and ordered Mr. Hodsell to keep me there; then as I was going to the Office, going through Nightingale-lane, there was the prisoner; he had been stopped by a press-gang.
He found a screw in the way, so that he could not fit the work on?
Yes.
Did he not go up stairs to get something to fit his work on with?
No.
What conversation passed in the room?
He told me to pick these things up.
If any body was in the room, must they not have heard this conversation? - A. He did not speak very loud to me.
When did you first mention any thing about the prisoner?
As soon as I was taken.
Before he found the things upon your person?
Yes.
How long have you lived with your master?
I have served four years of my time.
(To Hodsell.) Did you hear the prisoner tell the lad to pick up the things?
I heard something said, but I could not tell what it was.
(To Brown.) Where did you pick these things up from?
From the ground; there was no part in a basket.
Were there any boxes?
The prisoner was at the boxes, and what he took was out of the boxes.
You are clerk to Goodwin and Company?
Yes. (Proves the firm.)
Had you such articles as these in the storeroom?
Yes, there were two brass washers, and I suppose fifty of those large copper nails; there were only two brass washers of this description in the store-room, I had seen them that day.
Do you believe these articles to be the property of Goodwin and Company?
This washer I can swear to, by a small dent in the top of it, and a roughness in the inside, which we do not expect in these sort of things.
When did you first observe that dent?
On the 24th of December; I took it into the store-room from the accompting-house.
My master is here, who knows that boy is an infamous thief.
The prisoner was in my employ upwards of three years; I never found any thing dishonest in him.
What do you think of the character of the boy?
I cannot say much for him.
From what you have known, do you think he is fit to be believed upon his oath?
He is very subject to lie.
