- I live at No. 84, Edgware-road , and am a tailor , I keep a quantity of cloth by me: On the 27th of November, about half past six, my wife told me there was somebody taking something off my cutting-board; I ran out at the door, and collared the prisoner, I saw him drop the cloth as he was running; there are twenty-six yards and a half of it, and it is worth 11l. 1s. it lay close by the door upon a board where I cut out; I left the door open to take off the smoke of the candles; when I took the prisoner, he said he was following the person who took the cloth, and that he was not guilty.
Have you never said, that you never saw the prisoner drop it, but somebody else near the place?
No.
I cannot swear to the prisoner being the man who took the cloth, but on Thursday, the 27th of November, between six and seven o'clock, I was sitting in my own shop. being a shoe-maker, and a person stopped at my door, and took hold of the latch; there was no light but what I was working by; the man could not see me in the manner I sat, till hearing the door move, I held up my head; and the person ran away, who, I supposed, was a thief; I got up, and looked through the glass, and saw another man in company, I looked as long as I could see the man; the prosecutor having nobody except himself and wife in his house, I went out of doors and looked towards his house, and saw two men at his shop door in the passage; I thought they were talking to him, which made me not pursue them close; I then saw them take this piece of cloth, and run from the door, upon which I called, stop thief, and I saw Talbot run after them; I ran after him, and overtook him, but did not go far, because I left my own shop; I pursued them till they had dropped the cloth, which I picked up, and returned to his wife; whether Mr. Talbot took the person that took the cloth, I don't know, I cannot swear to him.
I am innocent of the charge.
Are you sure that cloth was laying on the table?
I will take my oath it was; there is a private mark at the other end of it. GUILTY , Death .
