Where do you live?
In Bridge-street, No. 15, the corner of Tudor-street, in the precinct of Bridewell .
Whose dwelling is that - is it your's exclusively?
I am the only person who resides in it, except my own domestic servants.
On the night of the 5th of November last, did any thing happen to that house?
On the night of the 5th of November, I was in the office till near eleven o'clock, the clerks had quitted their office about nine o'clock; when the clerks had quitted their office, I was sitting in my office with the door open, and my groom came in, from the door in Tudor-street, to the office.
Did you hear the door fastened?
I heard the door shut, and the groom came in, and had some conversation with Mr. Le Blanc; I heard Mr. Le Blanc go out, and shut the door.
He went out at the door in Bridge-street?
Yes; I went to bed about half past eleven o'clock, I got up the next morning about half past seven o'clock, when I received some information; I went into my own office, and found the uppermost drawer on the right-hand side of the desk broken open, the lock had been attempted to be forced, and the mahogany that the lock was fastened to had been cut out; they had forced it open by a poker, or some such instrument, and in that part of the mahogany that had been forced away I found this screw, (producing it) I observed on my desk a number of papers that were in the drawer when I went to bed the preceding night; on my examining the drawer, I missed the several articles mentioned in the indictment, and some others.
Had you seen this drawer the night before?
Yes, I had only occasion to pay money out of the drawer; I had left it locked the preceding night with these articles in it.
Were there a miniature picture set in gold, a pocket compass, a leather bag, and a canvas bag?
Yes, and eleven half-guineas; there were more seven-shilling pieces than the number in the indictment, but I am not really certain how many.
Were there any crown-pieces?
Yes, and half-crowns, and about three pounds in shillings and sixpences.
Was there a French crown?
Yes, and French half-crowns, and there was a foreign coin that passes in the East-Indies, called a Macarony.
Any Bills of Exchange?
One of 3007 l. 8 s. 11 d. another for 500 l. another for 434 l. 14 s. another for 100 l. another for 25 l. one for 500 l. and another for 360 l.; three Bank-notes of five pounds each, and two of two pounds each; a great number of one-pound notes, and certainly more than is in the indictment, and one note of twenty pounds.
Whose property were these?
The whole of these bills, notes, and cash, were my exclusive property, except five shillings in silver, and a twenty-pound note; and there were two Bills of Exchange, one for 3007 l. 8 s. 11 d. and one for 500 l. were the property of Mr. John Shands , they were left to me, they are endorsed by myself, \"Pay to Robert Shawe , or Order, on account of James Craigs , deceased.\" They were remitted to me by Mr. Shands, who was the executor of Mr. Craigs, and payable to me; the bill for 434 l. 14 s. is drawn in my favour, and remitted to me by my late partner, in the island of Jamaica, for the purpose of paying the money to Thomas Loosely . If I had received the money, I was to pay it over to Thomas Loosely .
When you had received the money, you were to remit it over to Thomas Loosely ?
Yes.
After you had examined the desk, did you examine any other part of the house?
I did; I went to the outside of the house, I could not discover that any force or violence had been used to get into the house.
You could not discover any marks of violence on the doors or windows?
No.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes, he lived with me as footman near twelve months; he quitted my service last July.
Had he an opportunity of seeing what you kept in that desk?
I paid him his wages quarterly out of this drawer, and I have many times took money out of this drawer for various purposes to give him.
After this robbery had been committed by somebody, did you obtain a search-warrant?
No; I obtained a warrant on the 17th of November, to apprehend the prisoner, Mr. Nalder, the City Marshall, and Mr. Tipper, possessed themselves of it, and another constable: we went to the house of the prisoner, the corner of Suffolk-street, Dirty-lane, in the Borough, the King's-arms public-house.
When you got to that house what did you first do?
The constable seized the prisoner, and as soon as he was secured, I desired Mr. Tipper to accompany me; we went up one pair of stairs into the bed-room, and in that room we searched and found a trunk, it was locked, and when we had searched the different parts of the house, I went below; and desired the mother of the prisoner to come up stairs, the key was brought up by Mr. Nalder, and Mr. Tipper unlocked the trunk, I produce the trunk, and the first thing I put my hand upon was a canvas bag, I immediately said, this is mine; the next was the pocket-compass, this compass was in the canvas bag, the ribbon was hanging out of the bag, that was in my desk on the night of the 5th of November; I found this miniature picture in the bag, that was in my desk on the night of the 5th of November; the Bills of Exchange for 3007 l. 8 s. 11 d. for 500 l. for 434 l. 14 s. for 100 l. and one for 25 l. were all in the bag, and this bag I kept the silver in; I did not then examine any further; we found the prisoner's pocketbook, it was opened by Mr. Nalder before the Lord-Mayor, in my presence; and in one of the pockets was this bill for 360 l. which was due, and was in my drawer on the 5th of November.
Do you know any thing of that pocket-book?
No, it is not my pocket-book.
Did you find any thing else, besides those notes you have mentioned?
There were several Bank-notes that were laying in the trunk: there was one of 20 l. two for 5 l. ten of 1 l. each.
I do not know whether you know any thing about these Bank-notes?
I do not.
You do not know the number of the notes that were stole?
No.
I can trace the numbers of some of the notes by some of the clerks in the Bank, they are found in the book.
Did you find any others?
Eleven one pound notes, and four two pounds, at the bottom of the trunk, and a snuff-box; there is some coin in that box similar to what I had; I found also a tobacco-box, it contained guineas, half-guineas, and seven-shilling-pieces; and there were some crowns and half-crowns in this bag, I had just such a bag; there is a medal which I verily believe is the same, but I cannot take upon me to say, and a French crown; and there were two silver salt spoons, they not in the indictment; and there is some linen belonging to the wife of the prisoner; and here is a book of the prisoner's, containing some accounts with his brewer, and other memorandums.
Had you received, on the 3d of November, a two pound note of a person of the name of Moore?
On the 3d of November I received a five pound note, that and the two pound notes were in the drawer on the night of the 5th.
The house that you inhabit yourself is in Bridge-street: the front door is in Bridge-street, and the office-door is in Tudor-street?
it is.
I suppose, that part in Tudor-street, where the business is carried on, belongs jointly to you and your partners, and is paid jointly by you?
Yes.
You pay for your own house out of your own private pocket?
The whole is considered as premises for the business.
Then I understand you, that both the house and the offices are paid out of the business?
Yes.
Your brother resides in the house?
He has not for some years, he did about five or six years ago, we never both jointly lived there; he built a new house, and when that house was finished, he gave up this to me.
You said, in the office were these bills were kept, each of your servants had an opportunity of seeing what you had there?
Yes.
How many servants are there in the house?
I had in the house a footman, a groom, and two house-maids.
You paid him his wages in the office?
Yes; and all of them in the office.
Then each of them had an opportunity of learning where the money was deposited?
Exactly so.
I believe fourteen or fifteen days elapsed before you went to the house of the prisoner?
About twelve days.
I suppose that you communicated it to your servants that the offence was committed?
One of my servants communicated it to me.
What became of your cook?
On the 1st of December she cut her throat.
And you, previous to that, had charged her with that robbery?
I had not.
Your business is an attorney?
Yes.
Are you in the habit of having letters and papers addressed to you in the name of Robert Shawe , Esq.?
Frequently.
That is a description by which you are known?
Yes.
On the 5th of November last, you were groom to Mr. Shawe?
Yes.
Did you fasten the door leading into Tudor-street that night?
Yes; it might be within a few minutes of nine o'clock.
In what manner did you fasten it?
With a spring bolt, a chain, and a lock, there is no keyhole through the door; this outer door comes into a passage, beyond that is a glass-door, which is between the outer door and the clerk's office; I fastened the glass-door with a bolt, and the entrance into the clerk's office is by iron folding doors.
Did you fasten this door too?
No; they were left for the footman to fasten.
That is all that you fastened at that time.
Yes.
Did you live in Mr. Shawe's service at the time the prisoner did?
The prisoner lived with him before me.
The question is, whether you lived there at the same time as the prisoner lived there?
Yes.
Had you continued your acquaintance with him since he left Mr. Shaws's service?
I have been in his company two or three times.
Where does he live?
At the King's-arms, in Suffolk-street, at the back of the King's-Bench, the corner of Dirty-lane.
On Sunday the 11th of November, did you go with Mr. Shawe's cook to his house?
I did.
Was he at home?
He was.
Did he and you, afterwards, come together to Mr. Shawe's house, leaving the cook at his house?
We did.
In the course of the time you were in Mr. Shawe's house, did he, with you, or any other person, go into Mr. Shawe's office?
Yes.
Did he go in at the door in Tudor-street?
Yes, and I went in at the front; and as soon as we had done tea we went to look at the office.
Did he look at the drawer?
Yes; and he said, what a d - d rascally villain he must be, to use a man in that way, to break open his drawer.
Did he say any more?
I do not believe he did.
In your way home, had you any conversation with him?
Yes, about Ann Steers , who was with-child by him; he told me that in case I could persuade her not to swear the child, I was to be paid before the time he had promised me.
Did he say why he should be able to pay you the money so much sooner?
No.
You returned with him to his house?
Yes.
Did any conversation take place there in respect to Mr. Shawe's robbery?
He was saying that it was said in his newspaper that a pocket iron crow was left in Mr. Shawe's office; he got the paper to shew me, and seemed very much agitated; he said, Bill, d - n it, what will you have to drink? I asked what a pocket crow was, and he could not make me understand what a crow was; when I was at his house there was a man in the room that drew the figure of a crow.
How did that conversation begin?
I asked him how the pocket crow was made.
Who did you ask, the prisoner?
No, a man in company at his house when the prisoner was present, after the paper was read over to me by the prisoner.
Did he read any thing about the pocket crow from that paper?
Yes; I asked what it was, and a man in company drew the figure of a crow in chalk upon the table.
Did you observe the prisoner, at the time he was doing this?
Yes; he seemed very much agitated; the cook and I came home then.
What do you mean by his being agitated?
He seemed to be very much alarmed; in reading the paper his hand shook; he made an alarm there was a rogue in his house.
Was that after he had read the paper?
It was.
Upon that alarm what did you all do?
He ran up stairs, and his wife after him.
Was any rogue found?
Not that I heard of.
Nothing more passed till you came away?
No.
You have been talking about agitation, was he more agitated than you are to-day?
I do not think myself agitated at all.
This was in his house; he thought there was a rogue in it, and with that he ran up stairs?
Yes.
How long have you lived with Mr. Shawe?
About two years.
That is the whole of your service?
Yes.
Do you live with him now?
No.
How soon after the robbery was committed did you leave Mr. Shawe's service?
Soon after; I cannot rightly say.
Had you any thoughts of quitting Mr. Shawe's service, before the robbery was committed?
No.
Then it was part of your duty to fasten the door leading into Tudor-street?
It was not my place to do it; but that night I did do it, and a few nights before.
And perhaps a few nights after - How many nights did you fasten up that door?
The night before the robbery.
Then the night before, and the night the robbery was committed, you locked up that particular door?
I did.
What makes you think the door was locked up about five minutes before nine?
Because I did it myself.
Is nine o'clock the usual hour for locking up the office?
Half past eight is the usual hour.
At that time you are completely certain that the door was locked up at nine?
I am.
Have you kept up any connection with the prisoner since he quitted your master's service?
No more than as I went by I have called in and drank a glass of wine; I have rode by two or three times a week, but it is very seldom I was in the house.
Do not mistake me; I am not asking you of your either being in or out of the house; have you seen him seldom or frequently?
Very seldom, I take it.
Only going by two or three times a week, and taking a glass of wine?
Sometimes I rode by two or three times a week.
Recollect you are upon your oath, and do not give your evidence in this slovenly way. What did you mean by saying you had been riding by there two or three times a week, and every time you rid by you took a glass?
I rode by there two or three times a week, but not drank there every time I rode by,
Why did you swear it just now; you should mind what you say?
I know what I say very well.
Were you and the cook very intimate?
Not in the least intimate.
You and the cook went over on the 11th?
Yes.
I am speaking of that unfortunate woman who laid violent hands upon herself; that is the same person?
Yes.
Pray how often did you go to the prisoner's house between the 5th and 11th?
Not once.
Then the 11th was the first time that you were at his house?
Yes.
You were not riding by on the 11th?
No, it was on Sunday.
You went over to get a note of hand for money which she had lent him?
Yes; for money that was lent in July by the cook; she asked me to go over with her, and it being a wet Sunday, I went with her.
You would not have gone at all but upon her solicitation?
No.
Had the cook, or you, any opportunity of going there on other Sundays?
No.
The question is, whether you and the cook had any opportunity between July and the 11th of November to go over to Tennent's house?
We could not go over when we pleased.
The money was borrowed in July, and this particular Sunday was selected for the purpose of going to Tennent's house to get it; was it so?
The cook had a note of hand from my master; I do not say particularly from my master, but from one of the clerks; she asked me, if I would go over with her, and with that I said I would.
Did you take a stamp with you?
Yes.
Was it a blank stamp?
I cannot say.
Whether it was written upon, blank or plain paper?
It was written upon, all but his signing it; I did not take it, the cook took it.
You say you fastened the unfortunate door that leads into the office?
I fastened the outer door; the iron door I left for the footman to fasten.
On the 5th of November last did you live in the service of Mr. Shawe?
Yes, as footman.
On the night of the 5th of November did you fasten up any part of the house?
Yes.
What part - the office door?
All of them but one, and the outer door in Tudor-street; the street-door in Bridge-street it is very likely I fastened, that was found fastened in the morning; I believe I fastened that, but I am not sure whether it was me or my fellow servant.
Which were the office-doors that you fastened?
The outer doors, all but two.
What time of the night did you fasten them?
About a quarter past ten o'clock at night.
Were all safe when you retired to rest?
All were safe then; I got up about a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning.
Did you observe any thing then?
It was my duty to pass through this door to open a window in Tudor-street; I found all these doors open; the first is an iron door, the next is a glass door, and the outer door; they were all standing open, and the key of the door that leads from the kitchen stairs to the long office was changed to the contrary side of where I left it at night.
You gave an alarm?
No, the housemaid made the first discovery that the drawer was broken open.
You were footman at the time?
Yes.
Are you in the service of Mr. Shawe at this time?
Unfortunately I am not; we were discharged in consequence of this affair.
How long have you been acquainted with the prisoner?
For five months, since I have been in Mr. Shawe's service.
Have you been in the habit of visiting the house of the prisoner?
I have been in the house once; I have never been near the house since the robbery was committed.
Were you at Mr. Shawe's house on Sunday, the 11th, after the robbery?
Yes.
Do you know the last witness, William Harris ?
Perfectly well.
Do you remember the unfortunate woman that put an end to her existence?
Perfectly well.
Did they stay at home or go out on the 11th of November?
I cannot say, I dined at home.
How many servants remained at home on that day?
We in general went out on Sundays, my master never dined at home on Sundays.
When you fastened that door on the night of the 5th of November, did you observe whether the door was fastened in Tudor-street; the outer door?
As it was my custom to fasten that door, I went to see, and I saw it was fastened before I went to bed.
You were talking about a door in which the key was changed to the contrary side; which door was the key left in?
The long office door.
On which side of the door had the key been left when you went to bed?
That side next the kitchen stairs.
Was that door locked?
I cannot positively say whether it was locked or not.
Was it locked when you went to bed?
Yes, it was locked then; I had locked it then, and left the key next the kitchen stairs.
When you got up in the morning the key was on the other side, that next to the office?
Yes.
Was that door open?
No, it was shut to.
The three doors that were left open were the iron door, the glass door next the passage, and the outer door?
Yes.
Were you in Mr. Shawe's service on the 5th of November last?
Yes, I was housemaid.
On the morning of the 6th, what time did you get up?
A few minutes past seven o'clock.
When you came down what did you observe?
I went into Mr. Shawe's office and made the fire; I was going to clean the fire-irons; I found the poker and tongs lying on the floor about the middle of the room; I went on with my work, and was dusting, and then I observed the drawer of Mr. Shawe's desk was broke open.
How far were the poker and tongs lying from that desk?
A short distance; then I gave the alarm.
What are you?
I am a serjeant of the 10th regiment of foot.
On the 5th of November last did you lodge at the house of the prisoner at the bar?
I did; at the King's Arms, in Suffolk-street, the corner of Dirty-lane.
Do you remember the night of the 5th of November?
I do.
On the evening of that day was the prisoner in or out?
He was at home till between 12 and one.
Did he at that time go out?
He did.
Did any thing occur to keep you awake during the night? - were you disturbed by any thing in the middle of the night?
I was.
At what time did the prisoner come home?
Between four and five in the morning.
In the course of the morning had you any conversation with the prisoner about your being kept awake in the night?
I had; I told him that his wife and mother had been making a noise in the night time about his being out; I asked him where he had been to; I told him that they had an apprehension of his being taken or grabbed.
Was that the term that the wife and mother made use of?
Yes.
Did they use the word grabbed?
Yes, he said his wife and mother were apt to make a noise about nothing at all; he told me he met a young man, an acquaintance, and they had been over the water to a dance together.
Did he say any thing more?
No.
You continued to lodge in his house till he was taken up?
I did.
About a week after this was his wife absent from the house at any time?
About eight days afterwards I think she was absent near two days; I cannot rightly recollect the day.
Did you make any inquiry of him where she was?
I did; he told me she was gone to Wandsworth to see some relations of her's.
After an absence of near two days, did she return?
She did in the morning.
Had you any conversation with her in his presence as to where she had been?
I had not.
Did she appear to be fatigued, as if she had been gone a little or a long way, when she came home?
She appeared to be greatly fatigued, as if she had been out all night, she was quite wet.
In which bed-room did the prisoner sleep?
In the room next to the dining-room, on the first floor.
Were there more than two bed-rooms on the first floor?
No.
The prisoner's wife at that time was pregnant, and very near her time?
She was pregnant.
What time might you go to bed that night?
About one.
You were a soldier quartered in the house?
I was not quartered in the house; I was rendezvousing or recruiting in the house.
Was the prisoner in the house at the time you went to bed?
He was not.
How far might your bed-room be from the prisoner's bed-room?
The next story.
Is it right over it?
No, rather on one side, my bed-room is not exactly over his room.
Did you lay awake the whole of the night?
Nearly.
The noise was so great it prevented you from sleeping?
It was, I was going to get up two or three times, but I did not.
What time did the noise cease?
About four or five in the morning; I slept after that.
From the time you went to bed till the time you got up in the morning did you leave your bedroom?
I did not.
What was the noise?
Crying between the wife and the mother, and talking between them; they were supposing something had happened.
From the talking you heard between them, you were collecting that he was not returned home?
Yes.
You are one of the City Marshals?
I am; I had a warrant on the 17th of November; I went over to the sign of the King's Arms, the corner of Suffolk-street, in company with Richard Tipper, Samuel Russell , a constable, and Mr. Shawe.
Did you find the prisoner there?
I did? I sent Russell in first; we found him, his mother and wife; we secured the prisoner by first handcuffing his hands behind him in the little room behind the bar; I remained with him the major part of the time, and Russell remained with me; Mr. Shawe and Tipper went up stairs.
After Mr. Shawe and Tipper went away from you had you any conversation with the prisoner?
Very little; Mr. Shawe called out to me for the keys of some box that was in the bedroom; I asked the wife of the prisoner for the key, or what keys she had about her, and she delivered them to me; I took them up stairs myself, leaving Russell in possession of the prisoner; I went to Mr. Shawe up one pair of stairs, into their bed-room; Tipper unlocked the box, and took out a bag of these articles, which were the things we found, as related by Mr. Shawe.
Have you in your possession any papers?
I have two letters in my possession; one was delivered to me by a person of the name of Samuel, and the other was delivered to me by a person of the name of Furnival, who is turnkey to Mr. Kirby; I received them between the first and second examination.
What is Samuel?
I do not know what he is, he is in Court.
That paper you received from Furnival; had you any opportunity of seeing it before?
I had an opportunity of seeing it when he was in custody, it contains a list of debts that were due to him.
What are you?
I am a bookseller and silversmith; I live at Farnham, in Surry, thirty-eight miles from Hyde-Park-corner
Look at that note for 360 l. and tell me whether you have ever seen it before?
I have, on the 13th of November.
Was it offered to you by a man or a woman?
It was offered me by a woman.
Have you seen the woman since?
Q. I believe I have, since I have been in town, she was pointed out to me by Mr. Nalder.
(To Mr. Nalder.) Who was that person you pointed out to Mr. Hadley?
The wife of the prisoner at the bar.
(To Hadley.) Was this offered to you at your shop at Farnham?
It was.
I believe you did not take it?
I did not.
Did you sell to that woman any sort of spoons?
I did.
Look at these spoons, (they are banded to the witness); and see whether they are the same?
They are, I know them by a private mark; they are marked underneath.
You went on the 17th with Mr. Nalder, and assisted in the search and apprehension of the prisoner, at his house the corner of Suffolk-street?
I did.
You have been in Court while these things have been produced in evidence?
Yes.
Did you find any thing else?
A piece of japan muslin. (Produces it.)
What room did the prisoner's mother sleep in?
The dining-room.
Were they talking from one room to the other when they disturbed you?
They were in the dining-room.
Were they in bed?
I do not know.
They were not talking from one room to the other?
No, they were both in one room.
You are shopman to Mr. Faden, linen-draper, in the Borough?
I am.
On the evening of the 6th of November, did you take, of any woman, a twenty pound Banknote?
I did.
Did you sell that woman any article of linen drapery?
I did; several articles.
Look at these articles, and see whether you sold any of them to that woman?
I sold this piece of japan muslin; I believe I sold her some calicoes, and I believe these are them, but I am sure of the japan muslin.
That was on the evening of the 6th - Did you at any time after see that woman?
Yes; and by Mr. Shawe's desire I went to her house, at the King's-arms, Dirty-lane; I do not know the day, I went about a fortnight or three weeks back.
Did she appear as mistress of the house?
She did not act as mistress; there were people in possession of the house at that time; but in that house I saw her then.
How long did you keep the twenty pound note?
Not five minutes; I took it to Mr. Armstrong's on purpose to get it changed.
Did you hear the woman called by any name?
No.
You have seen her since?
I have seen her since.
Where do you live?
At No. 226, in the Borough, next door but one to Mr. Faden's.
On the 6th of November, did you receive a twenty pound note of Mr. Thomas?
I did.
How long did you keep that note?
Till the next morning; there was endorsed Coutts and Co. on the back of it; I paid it to Mr. Thomas Mills the next morning.
On the 7th of November, did you receive a twenty pound note of Mr. Armstrong?
It was either the 7th or 8th; I had it not in my possession above a quarter of an hour, I gave it to Sarah Earle , to pay to the house of Messrs. Were, Bruce, and Co.
On the 7th or 8th of November, did you receive of Mr. Mills, a Bank-note of twenty pounds?
Yes.
Did you take it to Messrs. Were and Bruce, in Bartholomew-lane?
Yes.
You are clerk-to Messrs. Were, Bruce, and Co.?
I am.
On the 7th of November, did you receive of Sarah Earl a twenty pound Bank-note?
I did, on the 8th of November; the number of the note is - (looking at his book) 7547, 12th July, 1804.
Is that your own hand-writing?
It is.
Whom did you pay it to?
I paid it on the same day, to whom I do not know; I paid it in a payment of a cheek, for 256 l. upon our house, drawn by T. P. Marter.
On the 8th of November, did you receive a check for 256 l. drawn by Mr. Marter, on the house of Messrs. Were and Co.?
I did; and received the value of it.
Did you receive it of the last witness?
I did.
To whom did you give the notes you received?
I gave the whole of them to Mr. Evans, directly, at the India-house; I received the whole in Bank-notes, but what notes I do not know.
Did you receive from the last witness 256 l. 4 s. 6 d. for a cheque of Mr. Marter's, and did he bring back the money for the cheque?
He did.
Did you pay some of these notes to any person on that day?
Yes, to Mr. Potter, the treasurer of the East-India company.
Did you receive any Bank notes from Mr. Evans?
On the 8th of November I did.
To what amount?
I cannot exactly tell.
Amongst others had you a 20 l. paid you that day?
Yes, and I paid it on that day, in half an hour afterwards, into the Bank of England.
Did you write any thing upon it before you parted with it?
I did, the name of Marter; (The note shewn him;) this is the note.
Do you know any thing about that note?
I recollect it, I brought it from the Bank.
Do you recollect that note?
I perfectly recollect that note to have passed through my hands; I received this note at Mr. Bruce's shop, in the Strand, on the 29th of October, 1804. (Witness held a paper in his hand.)
Is that a memorandum?
This paper in my hand is a bill of costs, to the\\ amountof 21 l. 5 s. this bill of costs, before I paid it, I marked down the Bank notes with which I intended to pay it; my mark is 7547, 12 July, 1804, a 20 l. note; (looking at the note handed to him;) I find this note in my hand to correspond with that memorandum; the number of the 1 l. note is 3041, 8th of August, 1804; I paid them on the 1st of November, so numbered, and so dated, to Mr. Shawe.
You are a clerk at the Bank?
Yes.
Did you, on the 3d of November last, pay any dividend to Mr. Shawe - what is that you have in your hand?
I was told to bring a copy of the entry.
Have you brought your book here?
No.
(To John Jarrard .) Q. Did you ever see the prisoner at the bar write?
I have.
Look at that, and tell me whether you believe that to be his hand-writing? - (Witness looking at a paper.) - You are not called on to swear positively.
I really believe it to be his own.
Look at the other, and tell me whether you believe that to be his hand-writing?
I believe this to be the same.
Had you any correspondence with him?
No.
What opportunity have you had of seeing him write?
Making out bills.
That consists mostly of figures?
Not altogether.
Do you think you can safely, with your own conscience, say it is his own hand-writing?
I should not wish to swear any thing about it; I believe it to be his own hand-writing.
Unless you saw him write it, you cannot positively say. The question is, whether you believe it to be his hand-writing?
I do believe it to be his hand-writing.
What are you?
I am clerk to Wood and Co. brewers.
Did Wood and Co. serve the prisoner Tennent with beer?
They did.
On the 3d of November did you see the prisoner?
I did not.
Did you see him a few days before the 6th?
To the best of my recollection I did not.
Did you see him on the 6th?
I did. On the 6th of November I received of him thirty-four pounds and four shillings, and twelve shillings in copper.
Look in that book, and tell me whether there is any memorandum of it?
(Looking at the book.) Yes, the receipt is in this book.
Do you live in Rose-lane, Spitalfields?
Yes.
Did you give that letter to Mr. Nalder last night? - (A letter handed to him.)
I did; I received it by post about sixteen or eighteen days ago.
Did you know the prisoner at the bar before that time?
No, I never saw him.
Had you any intercourse with him at any time?
I had seen him and conversed with him, previous to receiving that letter.
This is a paper delivered by the turnkey of Newgate to Mr. Nalder. (It is read.)
