Were you married to a person of the name of English
Yes; his christian name was George.
When you were here the other day I think you went by the name of Mary King
That was not my name.
Where did you live on the 4th of March last
Bowl-yard, Long Acre.
Look at the prisoner - do you know him
Yes.
Do you know a person of the name of Burton
Yes; I saw Mr. Burton on the 4th of March.
Did you receive any instructions from Burton with respect to Miller
Yes; I did what Mr. Burton directed me. I saw Miller on the 4th of March at the Flatting Mills, Great Wild-street, Drury-lane; I asked Mr. Miller if he had any goods, meaning sixpences and shillings; he said yes; I told him I wanted an order for a friend that was going in the country, as much as two pieces; a piece is a guinea's worth; it means two for one; he said he had not them about him; he had got some; he very readily gave me one shilling and two sixpences, bad ones; I mean all bad; I gave him one good shilling, that is all I purchased at that time; another appointment was made on the same day, in the evening to meet at the Lemon Tree, at the top of the Hay-market.
Did you meet there
. I was desired; Mr. Miller did not come; we were to meet there for the same purpose.
Did you see Burton
Yes.
Did you receive any thing from Burton
I received a queen Ann's half crown from Jackson the officer; he gave it to me to purchase some more bad money at the Lemon Tree. Mr. Miller did not come then.
How soon after did you receive any thing from Burton
On the Monday morning; Mr. Miller promised me that as he had disappointed me at the Lemon Tree, he would meet me in Oxford-street, at the sign of the Hog in the Pound; I received two good shillings of Mr. Burton; they were marked.
Now on Monday the 6th of March did you see Miller, and where
At the Hog in the Pound.
Did any body go with you
Mr. Burton went with me; Mr. Burton and I parted before we got to the Hog in the Pound. I met Mr. Miller, I asked him how he came to disappoint me; he said he could not get the goods ready; I said are they ready now; he said no. - How long, Mr. Miller, do you think it will be before you let me have the two pieces? he said about two o'clock. I came out of the public house; we walked down the street; I said Mr. Miller have you none about you; he said yes, I have nine; I said I would take four; Mr. Miller gave them me and I gave him the two marked shillings that I received from Mr. Burton. Mr. Miller and I went into the next wine vaults; Mr. Burton followed and took Mr. Miller and me into custody. Mr. Burton took from Mr. Miller five bad shillings; he took the four shillings that I purchased; he asked me where I got them; I said of the prisoner.
Did he make any answer to that
He said how could you do so, when you know what a family I have got.
Had you any other bad shillings about you than these four that you received from the prisoner
No.
Mrs. King, how old are you
. King is not my name.
Did not you appear here last Friday, or some day last week in the name of Mary King
I am not the first that have lived with a man; my name is not King.
Were you or were you not the woman standing where you do now when you said and swore that your name was King
I did not; when I was put upon my oath my name I said was not King.
In what name did you prosecute that man on Friday, was it not in the name of King
In the name of King.
Have you ever been married
Yes, to George English .
How long is it since you saw him
I have not seen him for sixteen or seventeen years.
Are you a widow or a married woman
If he is alive I am a married woman.
Have you ever been married since that time
Never.
Do you remember being at Maidstone some time ago, or at Chelmsford, and being bail for any body
Yes; I was bail for the prisoner's wife.
Where did you live at that time
When I was at Chelmsford I lived there, of course.
Where did you say you lived at that time
I lived at Pearl-street, Spital-fields.
Where did you live at that time
Have not I told you.
Where did you live at that time
In Whitcomb-street.
You said at the time you were bail for a person at Chelmsford, and swore that you lived at Spital-fields, and you were at that time living near Charing-cross
I did not swear any thing wrong; I did not swear any such thing.
How long is it since you have been in Newgate - do not laugh
I cannot help it.
How long is it since you have been in Newgate
That is an unfair question; you can find that out.
I know that. How long ago is it since you got upon the public again
Have you been in Newgate
. Yes.
Were you tried here
. Yes.
How often have you been tried here
You may do just as you please, I will not answer any thing more.
You had much better answer the question - if you had not been a woman of such a description you would not have been employed by these men
. I have been tried twice here.
How often have you been tried at Clerkenwell
Once, I think.
What do you get from the mint for coming here
I do not know; this is the first time; I have had to eat and drink what is necessary.
How long have you been occupied upon this trial
Ever since the 4th of March.
I ask you upon your oath, do you, or do you not expect a daily allowance and remuration for every day you attend here
I do not expect it, I do not want it.
That is right - how long have you known the prisoner
Four year or upwards, I cannot say.
Do you know any of his family - do you know his wife
Oh, yes, I know her.
You have been at liberty three or four months
Of course.
Where did you meet the prisoner first, since you got out of prison
At the flatting mills in Wild-street.
You went to him to give him some advice, let me ask you whether your advice was not of this sort, that you had got a husband who was a poor man in Bedlam, that you maintained him by putting off bad money; that if he would adopt your maxim, you would tell him how he might do the same and live an idle life
I never said so, or heard so, till you said so. I told him I wanted some goods as I told you before.
You went for the purpose of taking him in
I went for the purpose of what I did.
That you might have the opportunity of taking him in and receiving the advantage that you expected, was not that the object that brought you there
No, it was my own pleasure. You ask me such a number of questions, I will give you no further answer.
You are a constable
Yes.
You know the last witness, did she apply to you, and on what day
On the 4th of March; she said she knew a person that was in the habit of selling bad money; I gave her a shilling and went with her to Great Wild-street; I marked that shilling. I went with her there, opposite of the flatting mills; she went in and stopped some time, then she came out again; she marked a shilling and two six-pences which were bad, and gave them to me; which she said she bought of the prisoner. She told me that an appointment was made, that she was to go to the Lemon Tree in the Hay Market, at eight o'clock in the evening. That appointment was not kept by the prisoner.
Then did you agree to meet on Monday at ten o'clock in the morning, at the Hog in the Pound
She called at my house first on Monday morning, I gave her two shillings, I marked them before her; she went to the Hog in the Pound, I remained on the opposite side of the street; she was about five or six minutes before she came out. We had agreed upon a signal when she came out.
Had you agreed before she went into the house, for the purpose of what she was to do
Yes; for the purpose of buying four counterfeit shillings. She came out and the prisoner with her.
Did you know the prisoner before
I never saw the prisoner before the Saturday.
When they came out together, did she give that signal that you had directed
She did. I followed the prisoner and the last witness into the liquor shop; I told Miller that he was my prisoner, I must search him, and see what he had got in his pockets; he said very well, I am done; and perceiving something in his right hand, which was shut; I found in that hand five bad shillings and three good six-pences, and the two shillings which I had marked and gave to English; these were altogether in one hand. I then confined his hands and sent for a coach. At the time the coach was sent for, he said Mrs. King, how could you serve me so, you know what a family I have got.
Did you search the woman
I searched the last witness; I found four bad shillings in her possession. I asked her how she came by them, in the presence of the prisoner; she said she purchased them of Mr. Miller, he made no answer to that. I took them both to the office in a coach; I delivered four of the bad shillings that I found in the prisoner's hand to my brother officer, Jackson; keeping one myself; and the four I found upon Mrs. English, I kept myself, and the marked money that I gave to Mrs. English, I have got; I have had it ever since.
Are you quite sure that that is the marked money that you gave to Mrs. English to give to the prisoner
I am positive of that; these are the pieces of marked money that I gave to Mrs. King originally, there are three small dots upon it.
Before Mrs. King had gone into the public house had you satisfied yourself that Mrs. King had no other money about her
I had; I saw her pockets turned inside out.
How can you swear to these little dots, there is a cross also
. Yes; that is marked by the other person that I gave them to; I put the dots myself; I speak to that, and the cross I speak to.
Have you any doubt that these are the marks that you put on
. I am certain to that being the money that I delivered to Mrs. King; I searched Mrs. King in my own apartment; she had no other money about her whatever.
You are a constable
. Yes.
I will now ask you whether Mrs. King applied to you, or you to her
Mrs. King applied to me.
You had not been acquainted with Mrs. King before she applied to you
I saw her two or three times.
You knew that she had been tried here
I did not.
If you had you would not have employed her
I might not.
Did not she say, if you paid her well, she would tell you of a person that dealt in bad money
She told me that she knew of a person that dealt largely in bad money; I dare say I might say she would be paid well for her trouble; I take it for granted the gentlemen that undertook the business would pay her for her trouble. I thought it my duty. I undertook it myself.
She told you that she would very willingly try to catch the prisoner
We went for that intent, at least I did.
You laid the plan, you had no confidence in the woman
No; I marked the money before I gave it her; and I should if it was to any other person; I should have marked it to my own sister, if I had her for that intention. I can swear that the two shillings I gave her, I found them two upon the prisoner when I searched him; and on the woman I found these four shillings in her possession, in the presence of the prisoner. I am confident that the prisoner had five counterfeit shillings in his hand, and the two shillings that I gave her he had in his hand, and three good six-pences. I produce the one counterfeit shilling that I had.
I have got the other four, I produce them. I received them from Burton.
Them are the four found upon the woman, and there are the two good shillings found in the prisoner's hand, and the three six-pences.
I believe you are one of the moniers of his majesty's mint
I am.
Look at these four shillings taken from the woman, Mrs. English, and tell me whether they are counterfeit or not
They are.
I now put into your hand the one received from Burton, the one out of the five found in the prisoner's hand, tell me whether that is a counterfeit
It is.
Now I put into your hand the four produced by Jackson
They are counterfeits.
I only beg for mercy.
Thomas Miller , you stand convicted of felony, what have you to say why the court should not pass judgment upon you to die according to law.
He prays the benefit of the clergy.
I produce the copy of the record of the conviction of Thomas Miller .
Where did you get the copy of the record from
From the clerk of the sessions of the city of London, Mr. Shelton.
Did you examine it with the original record
I did, regularly and correctly, it is a true copy.
Did you take the record in one hand and the copy in the other, while the clerk read it you compared it
. I did.
You are an officer of Shadwell office.
I am.
Do you know the prisoner Miller
Very well; I was present when he was convicted in this court; I was the person that apprehended him.
You were present when he was convicted
I was, and gave evidence at the same time.
What he was convicted for you cannot possibly remember
. Yes, I can; it was for putting off a half guinea to Mrs. Hancock. I apprehended him in August 1803, he was convicted the sessions following, September sessions 1806. I am satisfied he is the same man.
You had some doubt about his person, you went to Newgate to see his person
I had never seen the man since he was in custody, that was the reason I went to Newgate.
Did not you go to see whether he was the man or not
I had no doubt whether he was the man or not when I saw him.
Had you of your own knowledge any recollection of him
I had.
You went to see whether he was the same man or not
. I did.
