I am servant to Mr. Fournier, in Cheapside: A great coat was lost from behind a one-horse chaise, last Tuesday was a week, I was in the chaise; I drove the chaise from Staines, part of the way, and my master drove it part of the way; my master got out opposite Somerset-house; I did not miss the coat till I got to Cheapside; we left Staines about five o'clock, and got to Cheapside about half past eight; there were three great coats, in all, hanging over the back of the chaise; I got out of the chaise in St. Paul's Church-yard, to take in a dog; the great coat that was lost, belonged to Mr. Reynolds, a very intimate friend of my master's; I saw the coat, on the Saturday following, at Guildhall, in the possession of the constable, I knew it again immediately; I have had it to my hand so often, that I am quite sure of it.
You saw the coat at Staines?
Yes; and I saw it when my master got out at Somerset-house.
When was it, that you can positively speak to having last seen three great coats?
At the watering house at Turnham-green.
Upon your oath, do you recollect that, on this side of Temple-bar, you had the three great coats?
I cannot positively swear that I had them.
I am a patrole and an extra constable of Castle-Baynard ward: As I was going towards Paul's Chain, I observed three men with a parcel; I followed them to the corner of Carter-lane, and there they stopped to examine it; I put my hand upon my sword, and said, don't stir, for if you do, I will cut you down; they then threw down the great coat, and all ran away; I called out, stop thief, and he was taken by a gentleman; I came up, and took him to the watch-house; I am sure the prisoner was one of them, I saw them distinctly when they were examining the coat; they all three had the coat between them, facing the Horn Tavern; Mr. Reynolds is out of town.
When a man draws a sword upon an unarmed man, is it unnatural that he should run away?
I cannot say.
How long had you an opportunity of observing his face?
Half a minute; I was in a great flurry.
And yet you mean to swear positively to the prisoner?
That is the man, I am positive; I had the lamp over me; he was dressed in a blue coat, a striped waistcoat, a round that hat, and a dark-coloured apron.
Then, in half a minute, you being flurried, and with a sword in your hand, mean to swear, that that is the man?
That is the man, I was close to them when they dropped the coat; I saw the chaise come past, and I saw them coming from the Chaise.
Did you observe the dress of the other two?
Yes; there was one, with his back towards me, wore a long brown surtout coat; I did not see his waistcoat, nor his face, expect the moment that I came up, and then he turned his face away.
Could you swear to his face, do you think?
Yes, I could; the other man was dressed in a blue surtout coat.
Did you see his face too?
Yes, I saw all three of their faces; I should know them all, if I saw them.
I am a constable of Castle Baynard ward, (produces the coat) I received it from Mr. Copper's maid; she is not here.
This is the same coat.
Knapp. It is a common driving great coat; is it not?
Yes.
This is the same coat, I know it by the straps, the buttons, and the collar; and I have had it in my hands so often.
Is it not a common drab-coloured great coat?
Yes.
Are there not two Mr. Reynolds's acquaintances of your master's?
Yes; they are brothers.
Upon your oath, did you never see the other Mr. Reynolds in a drab great coat?
No, I never did.
Going along Carter-lane, I heard some men talking very loud, and I stopped, out of curiosity, to hear what they were talking about, and the patrole came up, and said, he would knock them down, if they attempted to run away; they directly ran away, and a gentleman caught hold of me, instead of one of those men.
I am a painter in William-street, Bridwell Precinct: The prisoner left his work on the Tuesday night, between six and seven o'clock; he has worked for me three months, and always conducted himself with honestly, as far as I know.
