I am the wife of Thomas Nelson ; I live at Stanmore: I knew nothing of the prisoner till I met him on the 6th of May, 1798, on the common at Rislip ; I was walking on the side of the high road, about eleven o'clock in the morning; I was alone; the prisoner called to me and told me to stop; I hastened on as fast as I could, to get away from him, as he was very badly dressed, and an ill-looking young man; he ran after me, and caught hold of my arm; I asked him what he wanted; he told me he would shew me; I struggled to get away from him, but he took me by the throat with one hand, put his foot behind mine, and threw me down on the ground backwards; I begged him to let me go; I told him I had got sixpence in my pocket, and that was all the money I had; he said he did not want money, he wanted something else; he began pulling me about very much, and used me very ill; we struggled a great deal together, and he would not let me get up for a good while; he behaved very indecent; when he had kept me upon the ground as long as he had a mind, he let me get up; he told me to give him sixpence; I told him I thought he had used me ill enough without taking that from me; but he said he wanted it: then he doubled his fist in my face, and demanded it immediately, and I gave it him through fear; I went on my way towards Norwood, and he went over the common the other way.
Did you meet any body in your way?
Yes, I met some people, but I did not know the first that I met; there were two men; I told them what had happened; I believe they went after him, but they did not come back again.
Was the man in sight then?
He was in sight, he was just going over the hill; I went home and told my mother of it; my father came in just after, and I told him of it, and he went out in persuit of him immediately on her horseback; I saw the prisoner again the next day at the Crown Inn at Stanmore; my father had taken him; I knew him perfectly; I went to the Magistrate, we could not prevail upon him to act, and he got away; the Magistrate said, the constable was gone into another parish about some other business, and the Magistrate's brother was lately dead; I saw no more of the prisoner till he was taken last Friday week; I am sure he is the same man.
I am the husband of the last witness; I am a school-master: On the 6th of May my wife went to see her father and mother at Rislip; she came home in the evening, and told me what had happened to her.
You know nothing of the man?
No.
I am the father of the prosecutrix; I live at Norwood, about two miles from Rislip: On the 6th of May she informed me what had happened to her, and I set out on horseback in pursuit of the man; I found him the next morning, Monday, at his master's house, a neighbouring farmer, John Joel ; I took him into custody and brought him to Stanmore; I asked him if he was not the young man that used the woman ill upon the common; and he denied it; I told him, by the description my daughter had given me, I was sure he was the person; both he and his master refused that I should have him; I told his master I would satisfy him for his man's day's work, and then I took him; he was not very willing to go, but he did not make much resistance; I took him to the Crown at Stanmore, and when my daughter came, she said he was the man; I sent my daughter to Mr. Chauvel, the Magistrate; I could not get a constable, and I was obliged to keep him in hold for six hours, till a great number of people assembled and got him away from me; they were mostly labouring people, but the waiter at the Crown was the most active, and he got away; he never came back to his master afterwards; I never saw him again till he was apprehended.
Did you make any enquiry after him?
No; I was glad he was gone.
I am a constable of Harrow Weald: I apprehended the prisoner last Friday was a week, Thomas Nelson gave me charge of him; he was at work in the Marquis of Abercorn's field, against his great pond, about a mile from Nelson's house.
I never saw the woman in my life before. NOT GUILTY .
