My husband's name is William; on Tuesday night, the 27th of last November, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was going on an errand, through Brooke-street, Ratcliff-highway , when the prisoner stopped me, pushed me down, put his hand into my pocket, and took out what I had.
Did he say any thing to you?
No, he gave me a push upon some steps; he laid hold of my arm and set me down.
What did he take?
A little box of tickets, a shilling, and a night-cap.
Where was the shilling?
In my pocket, he took them out all at once, and then he went away.
Had you ever seen him before?
No, I know him because I could see him by the lamps; I did not call for assistance, because there was nobody to call to, and I was frightened; there were duplicates of a pair of blankets, a gold wire to put over a ring, a silk handkerchief, a waistcoat, and a coloured apron.
Upon what errand were you going?
The person I went for was very ill, and I was going to the public-house for some gin.
You had been drinking some gin before?
No, I was not fuddled.
Were you sober?
Yes, I had but one glass, and that could not fuddle me.
Did you drink any beer that day?
Yes, about a pint.
Where is your husband?
At sea.
Had you pawned any thing that day?
No.
How much money had you in the morning?
None; the woman gave me the shilling to get something to drink; she is very bad, in Love-lane, and her husband is at sea.
Did you not tumble down, instead of being pushed down?
No.
Did you carry any bottle?
Yes.
And you had the shilling in your hand to pay?
Yes.
Do you mean to say the shilling was in your hand?
Yes.
Now, you never said you would not have prosecuted this man, if it had not been for Mr. Brown, who told you there was 40 l. reward?
No.
Have you not said so to Mr. Duff?
No.
Have you not said to the pawnbroker, that you lost the box, and it was not taken from you?
No.
Do you recollect seeing the prisoner the day after?
Yes, he sent for me.
Upon your oath did you not say you had never seen him before?
No, I never saw him before to speak to him; I said I had never spoke to him before.
When did you complain of this transaction?
I went to the Justice.
Brown told you of the reward?
No, I never heard it till now.
You say you had the shilling and bottle in your hand?
Yes.
You first said it was in your pocket?
The box and cap were in my pocket, I made a mistake, the shilling was in my hand.
You say this was in Brooke-street; have you not said it was in another place?
No.
In your examination before the Justice, you said it was in Butcher-row?
It is close by, I take it to be all one.
How came you to say it was in Butcher-row?
I made a mistake.
- I am an officer: I sent for the prisoner, and he came to me; I asked him what became of the box, and through the hole in the door of the room in which he was locked he gave me this box, and a duplicate of a ring; I received a handkerchief, apron, and a pair of blankets, from Mr. White; (produces them.)
On Wednesday morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, Martin Ryan desired me to take them in, and let them be till he called for them; I gave them to Brown.
- I am a pawnbroker, in Broad-street, Ratcliff; on the 28th of November the prisoner came with six duplicates, in the name of Waun, early in the morning; he said he had bought them; about an hour afterwards the prosecutrix came and said she had lost her tickets, and she believed she had lost them in the public-house. (The property produced, and identified.)
I leave my defence to my Counsel.
