I live at No. 1, in Beach-street ; the prisoner lined and bound hats for me, and had done so about nine months; I never sold her any; I had not missed them till in consequence of information, I searched the prisoner's lodgings in Whitecross-street; a little girl opened the door, and I found upon the table little bonnets and caps that we never put out to be bound; she had never had them delivered to her.
Are you sure you had never delivered them to her to be bound, or for any other purpose?
Yes.
I am a constable; I had been to the prisoner's lodgings before Mr. Pedder, and found the property; Mrs. Pedder was with me.
I went with the constable to the prisoner's lodgings; I went up stairs, and found three bonnets and some caps, I cannot say how many, and a man's hat, laying upon the table, and two more in a ban-box; they had our shop marks upon them; I knew them to be my husband's property, I can swear to the marks; I cannot say when they were taken; we never sell hats in this state; I cannot swear that the men's hats had not been put out; there are six children's hats that never were put out; when I found them I sent for my husband.
What is the value of them?
About 2l.
They are not worth so much, my Lord; they are my property; some of them I had not had in from the country above three weeks; the prisoner used to come two or three times a day to my house.
Where did you use to deposit them?
They used to lie open on the counter.
Where is your shopman now?
He is gone for a soldier; he enlisted into the first regiment of Surrey militia, and is now at camp near Ashford, in Kent.
Did you part with him for any dishonesty?
No.
Were the children's hats old shopkeepers?
No, some of them had not been in three weeks.
Here is an entry in the book of a child's white had lined.
Then you see the prisoner had had one child's white hat to line?
It appears so from this entry; it is a book that she herself keeps, and upon the return of the goods they are entered in the book.
Then these hats might have been delivered to her, and there would be no entry of them in the book, because they have not found their way back again?
They were not put out with my knowledge.
