I am an Excise-officer.
Is Collier-row in your department?
It is not; I went with Mr. Wright to the premises of Mr. Rowley, on the 20th of April, in the year 1795 ; we arrived about eleven in the evening; I went in consequence of an information from Wright; the soap-house was made out of an old barn, which was chiefly built of wood, and being very much decayed, and having many crevices, we had an opportunity of seeing them at work several times; we plainly discerned Owen Riley, the proprietor of the soap-house, taking the soap out of the copper; Owen Rooke , a workman in the soap-house, handing the soap from the copper to the defendant at the bar, John Kiernan, who poured it into some boxes that were placed in a cart just under the copper; the soap was, at that time, quite warm, in a fluid state, they could not have taken it out of the copper else; which boxes, when they were filled, were nailed down by one Nicholas Brady, who was also in the cart, a man who was tried here about two years and a half ago; a son of his, about fourteen years of age was there, holding a candle; Wright then went to call some assistance, I remained to watch; soon after Wright left me, a dog. on the other side of the work-house, began barking, which alarmed a dog that was in the soap-house, which dog, on the back-door of the work-house being opened, came out; fearing that I should be discovered, I drew back from the work-house; but previous to my drawing back, John Kiernan came to the door and called to the dog, bidding it to be quiet; the other dog becoming very troublesome, I thought it un safe to remain there; I went about a quarter of a mile through some fields, and over some hedges, that I might get round to the front of the work-house, where I knew the cart must come; I remained there till four the next morning, when not hearing any more noise in the work-house, I approached to the fore-door, and on looking in, and not seeing any persons, I went in; on entering the work-house, I discovered Owen Rooke, the workman; I then went and looked into the copper, and there I saw a new operation begun; the tallow had not been killed as they call it, that is, not incorporated with the lye; I looked about, and discovered a box, concealed under two empty boxes, which contained, as near as I can guess, after I had taken the gauge of it, about one hundred and sixty pounds of hot soap in a fluid state; after some conversation with the workman, I went out of the soap-house towards John Kiernan's dwelling-house, in order to apprise him of what I discovered, when I met Mr. Wright, my brother officer, who gave me some information; and on approaching Kiernan's stable, where the soap was concealed, which had been carried from the work-house, Wright and myself were seen by Kiernan's daughter; on entering an ash-hole adjoining the stable, John Kiernan immediately entered, and asked us what business we had there; we told him we were come in search of a quantity of soap that had been concealed there the preceding evening; he began to question us as to our authority, and took up a pitch-fork, and threatened us with instant destruction, unless we quitted the premises; he made one or two thrusts at me; when Mr. Wright and myself went out upon the common, facing the dwelling-house, Mr. Wright knowing the soap to be concealed there, went off, in order to gain more assistance; we reasoned with him on the impropriety of his behaviour, and said, it would be better if he would deliver up the soap that had been concealed there the preceding evening; he said, we had no authority whatever to look for it; he said, there was none there; while Mr. Wright was gone, Kiernan desired me to walk in, and see if we could not accommodate the matter; he said, he thought I had been a different kind of a man, than to run about in the night to see what other people were doing; I told him I came there to do my duty, and I should not walk in at all; he then returned into his dwelling-house, and shortly after came out with two or three more, one of whom ran out upon the common, and caught a horse that was grazing there; Thomas Kiernan , John Kiernan's son, which horse John Kiernan harnessed, and placed in a cart which was in the yard; he then went to the stable door, unlocked it, and he and another took out four boxes therefrom, which they placed into the cart, and drove it out on the common; on their approaching the gate which leads to the common, coming out into the yard, I went to walk to the gate to prevent them, when I was suddenly attacked by Nicholas Brady , who wrested a large stick I had in my hand out of my hand, when we closed, and in the struggle we both fell to the ground; at that moment, two soldiers came to my assistance, which soldiers, Kiernan and Owen Rooke attacked; the soldiers having nothing but their bayonets. and one of them being wounded in the sleshy part of his arm, run out to call for more assistance; Kiernan had a pitch-fork, and Owen Rooke had a garden-hoe; by this time I had got on my legs, and was pursuing the cart; we had got some way on the common, when I was again attacked by Nicholas Brady, who brought me to the ground and struck me several blows over my arms; I parried his blows as long as I could; Brady then sat across me, and put his finger to my neck-cloth, and twisted it round with his hand several times, and Owen Rooke called out, \"lay him out, and I will finish him; striking me at the same time two or three blows on my head with the hoe; having my hat on, and something in the crown, it prevented the effect which the blows would have had upon me; I remonstrated with him, and told him not to add to one crime, another of a more heinous nature; upon reasoning with them, they were a little quiet, and I recovered my legs; I was following the cart when Owen Rooke said, if I persisted in following the cart, he would be the death of me; I persisted in following the cart, and was pursued by them, who made several blows at me, when I put my hand into my inside pocket, and drew out a pistol, and threatened them, if they struck me another blow, I would fire at them; Rooke and Brady only were near me at that time, Kiernan was farther on the common, fighting with the soldier; Kiernan cried out, here is more assistance coming; upon that I turned my head and saw two more soldiers coming; when they came up, Kiernan told them I was no officer, but a highwayman; upon my approaching Kiernan, he reversed the pitch-fork, and struck me over the arm; I told him, if he struck me another blow, he must take the consequence, as I was determined to fire; by this time the other soldiers were come up, when being loth to fire, I passed him and pursued the cart; we had got some way on the common; on approaching the cart, I was struck two or three times by Kiernan's son, Thomas Kiernan, who was driving the cart; I jumped up into the cart, stood upon one of the covers, and discovered it to be soap in a warm fluid state, and I made a seizure of the same.
What quantity of soap was there?
There might have been from six to seven hundred weight; it was all in a fluid state, and remained in a fluid state for a day or two afterwards, till it was fit to cut out.
Were you much hurt?
So much that, I could not put on my close bodied coat for three or four days, from the number of bruises that I had received in my arm; I was obliged to survey in a great coat.
This was in the year 1795?
Yes.
You have been several years an officer?
About seven years and a half.
I take it you know pretty well what your duty as an officer is?
Yes.
You were not the officer appointed to survey?
No; but on account of the indisposition of the officer, before Wright came, I surveyed two days.
Wright, whose duty it was to survey, was there at the time?
Yes.
After the operation is begun, it is not your duty to lock it up until you come again?
If the trader requests it.
It is not your duty to keep it locked?
Not unless the trader requests it.
Kiernan's house is two or three miles distant from the boiling-house?
About a quarter of a mile.
Did you enquire for any peate-officer to go with you?
No.
It was not light, I take it, when you went to the dwelling-house?
The sun was just up.
Wright was with you?
Yes.
Had you no peace-officer with you?
No, nor no warrant.
Do you know Mr. Adam, a peace-officer, who lives within a few doors of Kiernan?
I do not particularly know him.
How far distant was Kiernan from you, when in the ash-hole?
Two or three yards; the points of the fork touched my great coat.
Did you say any thing like that upon the former occasion?
I cannot say whether I did or not.
Did you not say that he did not strike you till after the soldiers came up?
Yes.
Were there any persons there besides those you have mentioned?
Kiernan's wife and daughter were there at the commencement of the business, when they first attacked me.
Are they brought there to day?
No.
This happened in 1795 - where has Kiernan been since?
I do not know.
Have you been able to find him?
No.
When he asked you to go into the house to settle it, did he say any thing about your having no peace-officer with you?
No.
Does the spot in which Riley's house is, fall within your district?
Yes; on the 20th of April, 1795, I called in the assistance of Wakeley to survey this house; I made the first survey that evening, about seven o'clock; the copper then appeared as if it would be in a fit state to cleanse, in about three hours.
Was there any body upon the premises at that time?
Yes, Owen Riley and John Kiernan; I asked them what time they supposed they should cleanse; they said, it was rather uncertain, they did not know when; I called upon Wakely about eight o'clock, and about eleven we went to the spot; there were crevices through which we could see what was going on; Riley was taking the soap out of the copper, and Rooke was carrying it to a cart in which the boxes were placed; John Kiernan poured it into the boxes, Nicholas Brady was nailing the cover on to the boxes as Kiernan filled them, and young Kiernan was\\ light\\ ing him.
You did not disturb them at that time?
We did not; in consequence of seeing there were four of them, besides the lad, and only us two, we went for assistance; I requested Wakely to continue on the spot, while I went to a public-house to get the assistance of some soldiers that were quartered there; I was gone, I suppose, a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes; I returned without assistance, and on my way back, I observed a cart coming out of the soap-house into a lane that led on to the Forest; I let them pass me.
How near was it to Kiernan's house?
Rather more than a quarter of a mile, perhaps the third of a mile; I followed it, and it went into Kiernan's yard, it was four hours and a half after that before I found Wakely; I was about Kiernan's house all that time, watching till between four and five o'clock in the morning; I had no soldiers, I could not get any assistance; Wakely and I then went to Kiernan's house, Kiernan came out, and requested to know what authority we had got; we told him what we were come for, and we were certain the soap was there; I told him I had seen it deposited there in the night; he abused us very much in language; he then took up a pitch-fork, and threatened us with immediate destruction unless we desisted.
It is needless to ask you if he knew you were an officer, as you knew him?
Yes, he knew I was an officer.
How near might you, or Wakely, be to him when he took the pitch-forth?
About a yard; in consequence of that, we withdrew from the yard to the common side-gate, and when we had continued there a minute or two, we thought it most prudent for one of us to go to another public-house to get assistance; I went to two public-houses, and returned in, I suppose, about twenty minutes; I sent two soldiers that I met with to go to the spot, and they went without me; I went further on; when I returned, Wakely had got possession of the soap, he was coming to Ramford with the soap.
If I understand you right, you have been acquainted with the prisoner?
I know him, very well.
You had been at the soap-house at seven o'clock in the evening to survey it?
Yes.
What was the reason why you did not stay there till the soap was carried away?
I did not conceive it was my duty.
Did you lock the copper before you went?
No.
That is giving an opportunity to a man to take it away?
It could not be done while the soap is in a state of operation.
Do you mean to say that you have not been in the habit of dining with him, and riding his house?
I never dined with him in my life; I once had his horse when the waters were out.
You have drank his wine, have not you?
Never but once, and that was the first time I was there.
There were two women there at this time?
I cannot say.
Kiernan did not attempt to do any thing to you till after you had setched more assistance?
He held the pitch-fork up, and threatened us.
But did not strike you?
I rather think Kiernan did make a stab at Wakely's arm.
You were close to Wakely all the time?
Yes.
