I live at Palmer's Green, near the hand posts: On the 10th of January, a niece came to see me, with Joseph Johnson, who is my nephew; about half past eleven o'clock at night, as nigh as I could guess, I had been to take Johnson's two sisters home to London, and when we got into the Green-lane, as you go from Ball's-Pond turnpike, on the other side of the Jolly Butchers, near the Five Elms , Joseph Johnson was leading the horse, it was a blind horse, and I was running behind the cart, with my right-hand on the tail-board; I holloaed out to my kinsman, can't you see, for I found the horse was turned out of the road, and immediately a man came up to me with a pistol in his hand.
What sort of a night was it?
The moon had been down about twenty minutes or more; a man came up to me with a pistol in his hand, and said, stop and deliver your money, or I will blow your brains out; I then saw three other men; I made answer to him, are you going to spill the blood of a man that never hurt you in his life? I told him I earned but nine shillings a week, and hardly that, how could he think of robbing such poor people as us; he then told us to go along; then I saw one of the men in the cart; there was nothing in the cart but two old chairs, an old sack, and a nose-bag, that I had to give my horse some corn; then I saw my kinsman knocked down, and a short man in a smock-frock came from the off side with a pistol in his hand, and ran it into my eye; I could not see for some time; I rubbed my eye, and he then shoved the pistol into my throat; I still kept following him up, and then there came another behind me with a pistol and a stick, and he kept paying me as hard as he could upon my head with the stick and pistol; he cut my head on both sides; I tacked about to the man behind me, and the other man with the pistol came up and payed me over the head and back with his pistol again; that was the short man; I begged for mercy, but I had none, and so it was of no use to ask for it; they gave me a number of blows after I begged for mercy, and then they took my great coat from me; the blood was pouring down from my head in streams.
Was it the great coat you wore?
Yes; the collar was all over blood, and my shirt was as if it was dipped in a blood-tub, all about the neck and shoulders; I lost six shillings, but I don't think they took it out of my pocket; I might have lost it in the skirmish; I cannot swear to either of the men; I think I could have sworn to the short man in the smock-frock.
I am the nephew of the last witness; on the 10th of January, I had two sisters come from town, and a brother-in-law, and another acquaintance, to see me; my uncle said, if you will stop a little later at night, I will borrow a horse and cart; we came to town, and going back as far as Kingstand, we stopped and had something to drink; then we came on to the Jolly Butcher's-hill, I walked, and my uncle said he was very cold, and would walk up the hill too; I was whipping the horse along, and my uncle was behind, with his hand upon the tail-board, and going by Ball's-pond, a man came up in a smock-frock, and said, d - n your eyes, stop, I said, stop, for what, and before I could well say a word, I had a blow on the side of my head; they very much beat my uncle, and took his great-coat from him; it was a great-coat with brass metal buttons.
Could you distinguish the persons of any of them?
There were five of them altogether, two in smock-frocks, and three in long coats; when they bid us go away, there were only four, but neither of those four had our clothes, but from what I saw of them, by the light, I have no doubt the prisoner was one of the party.
It was a dark night?
The moon had been gone down about a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes, and the stars were all gone in; it was quite cloudy, but the snow on the ground gave rather a light.
Repeat what you said about the prisoner at the bar?
I have no doubt at all he is one of the company that stopped us; I cannot right down swear, but I can swear to the best of my knowledge, that he is the man.
It was a full month after the robbery before the prisoner was apprehended?
A month and two days.
I am a blacksmith, at Winchmore-hill, Edmonton; on the 8th or 9th of January, the prisoner and two or three more came to me, and asked me if I had an old musket, or pistol, or any thing of that sort to sell, I told them I had not, if I had, I should not have sold it them.
Did you know the prisoner before?
Yes.
I am one of the patrol belonging to Bow-street: Last Tuesday week, the 9th of this month, I went with four men to Palmer's-green; I told them to go into the Fox public-house, and call for a pot of beer, whilst I went to the house of Johnson; while I was there, a man came and said the Irishmen were all run out of the public-house; I went out at the door, and saw the prisoner at the bar going pretty fast away from the house down the lane towards Edmonton; he was neither walking not running, but between both, shuffling along; I ran after him, took him by the collar, and brought him back to Johnson's; I then took him to the office.
I went into the Fox public-house at Palmer's-green, with three more of my comrades; the prisoner was there, and four or five more Irishmen; they seemed very much confused when we went in; they were in the taproom sitting on the table singing; the prisoner was smoaking a short pipe; I said to my comrades, let us go into the parlour, and then I called for a pot of beer, and in about ten minutes after Mr. Mayhew brought the prisoner into the parlour to us; Johnson came in, and said, that was one of the party, to the best of his knowledge.
You did not see them leave the house?
No.
I have witnesses here to prove that I was in the house all night.
In what way of life are you?
A day-labouring man, and keep a little house at Totelham; the prisoner is a day-labouring man, and lodged with me, from eight days before Christmas till ten days before he was taken up, Mary Murray lived with us to help to take care of my children in a fever.
Do you recollect, in the month of January last, any funeral of an Irishman taking place?
Yes, on the 10th of January, just about sun-set; I was at the funeral, but the prisoner had a very bad cold, and could not come out.
Did you remain at home the remainder of the evening?
I did.
Where were your coals kept?
In a little back place where the prisoner slept; I saw him at home when I returned from the funeral, and he was at home all the evening, barring the time he went out to water, and came back again; my wife was in and out of his room all night for coals; I did not go to bed all night, my children were so ill.
What was the latest time that evening that you saw the prisoner?
I saw him at six o'clock, and every hour from that time till he went to bed at nine o'clock.
