I am a shoemaker .
Do you remember having a servant of the name of Lake.
Yes, William Lake had been a servant to me for a number of years. I knew the shoes when I saw them at the police office, Hatton Garden, and Mary Tiller said that she had them of William Lake to sell for him.
When was this.
On the 24th of February last I swore to the shoes being my property.
Upon her telling this story of her having the goods from William Lake he was taken up.
Yes, he was tried for stealing them.
He was tried, convicted, and sentenced to be transported.
Yes, that good woman was not well at the time.
What was found in possession of the prisoner.
Six pair of shoes.
I understand that she upon their being found, said that she had them to sell for Lake.
She did say so.
She said at the police office that Lake was a servant of yours, and that he lodged in the same house with the prisoner.
Yes, and as you press me so close I must say that she knew they were stolen.
That is your conclusion; this poor woman was taken up, the magistrate admitted her to bail.
Yes.
The reason that she did not appear last session was, because she was far advanced in pregnancy, she was brought a-bed lately, and this session she comes here voluntarily.
Yes.
On the 24th of February I was fetched by Mr. Page the pawnbroker, saying he supposed there was a woman in his shop with some stolen shoes, he could discern the marks on the toes of the shoes had been scratched off; in our way to his shop we saw the woman coming with the shoes wrapped up in her apron; we watched her to Mr. Armstrong's in Baldwin's Gardens, she went in at the shop door and we went in at the private door; I went round the shop and stood a little behind her, while Mr. Armstrong and she were discoursing about the shoes; Mr. Armstrong asked her who made the shoes, she said her husband, I then told her I should take her in custody and the shoes likewise, I suspected they were stolen; going along I asked her where she lived, she hummed and sung to herself, and seemed quite saucy; she says you know, why do you ask me this question; after I got her to the office she did then say that she lived in a court on Saffron Hill; I went there and was informed there was one Lake a shoemaker lived in the house, and one Tiller a hackney coachman lived in the same house.
You discovered a person of the name of William Lake, that was tried last sessions, and the prisoner lived in the same house.
Yes.
Did not you understand from Lake, the person that was convicted last sessions, that he had given these shoes to this woman to sell.
Yes, after some hesitation.
Never mind the hesitation, he did say it.
Yes.
To sell for him.
Yes.
In going to the house did you find Lake there.
Yes, and I found some more shoes in Lake's apartment in a box, I was obliged to break it open.
Did you find where the prisoner's apartment was.
On the next floor in the same house, I found some new leather there, in a drawer, the prosecutor would not swear that they were his; I produce the shoes.
I am a pawnbroker, I live in Liquorpond-street. On the 24th of February, the prisoner brought a parcel of shoes to sell, I looked at them, and observed some marks had been scratched out of the toes, I told her they were not a kind of a shoe that I wanted; I took no farther notice, but went out of the shop to fetch an officer; I saw Trott on our return, I saw her coming from my shop, I pointed her out to Trott, we followed her to the shop of Mr. Armstrong, Trott there took her in custody; she brought all these shoes to my house to sell, I refused buying them; I had bought shoes of her before, and used to suppose that her husband made them, which I thought was Lake, he used to come to my shop.
Do you remember the prisoner at the bar coming at any time to offer some shoes to sell.
Yes, on the 24th of February.
Had she the shoes with her.
Yes.
Do these appear to be the same shoes.
Yes, she offered to sell them in consequence of Mr. Trott following her; I asked her who made the shoes, she said her husband (I had bought shoes of her frequently); Mr. Trott immediately said, I suspect you have stolen them, and took her into custody.
This young man (Lake) and his apprentice lodged in my house, they used to board with me, he had a deal of work on his own account; he used to cut out in my room, I used to go out of his errands, and carry home his work, he gave me these shoes, and asked me to sell them, which I did; Lake told the officer that I was the person he had sent with them; I should have appeared last sessions but I have laid in, I have five small children.
