I am patrol for St. Andrew, Holborn, above the Bars; the prosecutor lives in Holborn : I observed the prisoner and another, on the 23d of January, standing at the window looking at some goods which were outside, and I watched them, it was about half past four, and quite light; I saw the prisoner take the stool; it was standing the outside of the window for sale.
What is the prosecutor's business?
A salesman and broker . It was a mahogany music stool, with a screw to rise to any height; I pursued him about four doors, he dropped it, turned into Gray's Inn, and ran away and left it; I took him about ten yards after he got into Gray's Inn, and carried him back to the prosecutor's shop; from thence I took him to Hatton-garden; I don't know who took the stool up; I followed the prisoner.
I am an apprentice to the prosecutor: On the 23d of January, between four and five, I was getting my master goods in that had stood out upon the shew-board for sale; I saw the prisoner and another man with a brown great coat on, torn at the elbows; I went to the door with my fellow-apprentice for a few books to take into the shop; I returned almost immediately after, and the prisoner and the other man was gone, and the stool likewise; I turned my head round to see if I could see any thing of them; an old lady said, the two men were gone with the stool; I pursued with the patrol, and saw the prisoner at the bar put the stool down, about four doors from our house; he turned down Gray's Inn, we took him about ten yards off, and brought him back to the shop.(The stool produced by William Dale.)
Is that the stool?
Yes, it has a private mark underneath, which we always put on our goods.
I have had the stool in my possession; it was taken from the other apprentice of Mr. Bennett's, and I was to take care of it.
I was at the window talking with another man, who was standing there; after asking me several questions about the things in the shop, and the different prices, he asked me which way I was going; I told him up Holborn; he asked me to carry this stool for him; I took it up, and carried it for him, and then the people took me into custody.
