I am a silversmith , the prisoner worked with me as a journeyman : On the 15th of this month, when the rest of the men were gone to breakfast, the prisoner at the bar returned rather sooner than the others; I went into the shop, and he was in the act of putting something in his pocket from the work-bench; the prisoner went out of the shop into another, where he occasionally worked, in consequence of which I sent for an officer, and he searched the prisoner, and found some filings in his waistcoat pocket, about an ounce, or more; I asked him how he came by it; he said he did not know how it came there; afterwards he acknowledged he had taken it in my presence; he said it was the first time, he hoped I would forgive him.
What might be the value of what you found in his pocket?
Five shillings.
I was sent for by Mr. Lias; I went up three pair of stairs, where he was at work; then he came down with me; I asked him if he had been robbing his master; he said, no, he rob his master, by no means; I searched his left-hand pocket, and found these silver filings, (produces them;) he said he was very sorry for it; he wanted his master to forgive him; I told him his master could not.
When I came from breakfast it was near ten o'clock; I had never sat down to file at the board; these four spoons I had left loose, they were what I had been working upon; I put them in my pocket, as I usually do, and met my master at the door; I took them into the other room; my master called me down; I did not hear the first time; on my not hearing, the man came up, and said I was wanted; when I came down, he said, I have a suspicion that you have got something in your pocket of your master's; they searched my pocket, and found those filings; I declare to God I never knew I had them; it must be the carelessness of his boys, who take up the filings in the spoons to carry into the accompting-house; they are often playing with the spoons, and carry the filings in them, and whether they had been taking up the filings I cannot say; I never touched a thing before I touched these spoons; I did not find them as I left them, they were one in another when I put them into my pocket; the filings must be in some of them. This is the truth, if I was never to stir; I have worked forty years in the business, and was never under confinement, nor never impeached in my life; I worked for Mr. Lias five years ago.
He was the last man I should have had suspicion of.
How long has he worked with you this last time?
About six months.
