On Tuesday morning, about half past ten o'clock, Meeking came with his tools to work in our shop, and about half past eleven, Mr. Dawes and another young man came into the shop; there was John Cripps (my son) and his wife; it was a regular rule to pay a gallon of beer, for what we call stool pots, upon a new workman coming to the manufactory; Richard Meeking , John Cripps, and his wife, were new people, and when we were all together, they thought proper to have it in; I was going home to dinner, and I ordered it; when I went back, it was gone, and we had more to the\\ amountof fourteen pots. About half past eight at night, I went to Mr. Mills's, the sign of the China ship, with my son; I saw Mr. Mills, and he said, you have got a very quarrelsome man, I think, coming to work with you, meaning Mecking, the deceased; I placed myself in the opposite side of the room, with my son, in the box; there was Mr. Dawes, Meeking, Mr. James Tyne, and Edward Jackson, all shop-mates; at this time, Meeking was challenging Edward Jackson to fight; they were all intoxicated; I heard Dawes say to Meeking, it is very odd you cannot be in company without being so quarrelsome, and always fighting; he immediately turned the discourse from Jackson to Dawes, and told Mr. Dawes that if he said any thing more, he would whip his a-e; there were a few more words passed, and they went out of doors to fight; who gave the challenge, I cannot tell; they had fought ten minutes before I went out; some people came into the room, and said, come out, and part these two men, they are all in the mud; I went out; they were both in the dark; I got a light, and the first man I saw, was Meeking; he was naked; Dawes had his cloaths on; says I, for God's sake, leave off fighting, and go in; the answer Meeking made, was, d-n my eyes, I will fight till I die; they then had three or four falls together; I did not see which struck the other; the last fall, Meeking fell backwards along with Dawes; they both fell together; when the people came to lift him up, some person called out, he has given it in, he will have no more; he was lifted upon his backside, and he was a corpse; he was carried into the house, and Mr. Dawes immediately desired a doctor might be sent for, who came in about five minutes time, and bled him, but he was dead; Dawes then said to the landlord, Mr. Mills, I deliver myself up to you, you are a headborough; before the scuffle, the prisoner behaved very quietly; I have known him eighteen years, and never saw him strike a blow in my life, and have been in his company a hundred different times, both boy and man. The whole of this quarrel was owing to the deceased, that is as true as God is in heaven, for a quarrelsome man he was.
The deceased had been quarrelling with Jackson?
Yes.
Was not the first interference of the prisoner, to prevent his beating Jackson?
Yes, he did every thing to avoid a quarrel.
After having our stoolpots, we went to Mr. Mills's, the public-house, and had some beer there; Richard Meeking , the deceased, began quarrelling with me, and challenged me to fight; I told him I would not; he squared at me all the time; I then called for a pint of beer to myself, and he picked up a quarrel with Edward Jackson , and challenged him; then Mr. Mills, the publican, came, and said, if you don't be quiet, I will turn you out of doors; I persuaded Meeking, all I could, to be quiet; he went out of the box about five minutes after that, and what arose between the prisoner and him, I cannot say, but they went out of doors; I set with my back towards the door; in about ten minutes after, a man came into the house, and said, there were two shopmates fighting; I went out, and they were in the dark, both in the mud; there was nobody by to pick either up; I went and assisted Dawes, who was uppermost; being a little intoxicated, I and Dawes fell down together; a person says, pipe-maker, you are not capable of picking the man up, let me do it; I staid by near a quarter of an hour, and I saw them have several heavy falls; the deceased was stronger than the prisoner; I heard it said that the deceased would not fight any more, and Dawes went into the house; I followed him, and about three minutes after that, the deceased was brought in, and I heard the words said, they thought he was no more; immediately Dawes said, for God's sake send for a surgeon; he was sent for, and came in about five minutes; he endeavoured to bleed him, but no blood would come; I have known the prisoner these twenty four years; and from a boy to a man, I have never seen him wranglesome, fighting, or quarrelling, but always a civil young man; the deceased, whenever he had a drop of liquor, was always quarrelsome and fighting.
You say he squared at you?
Yes, he did.
I am surgeon, and attended the deceased at Mr. Mills's house; I considered him to be dead; upon examining him, I found seven bruises on the chest, but one in particular on the back part of the head; a concussion from the blow on the back part of the head, I think was the cause of his death; I opened his chest, and examined it to see if he was hurt inwardly by the bruises, but he was not.
My Lord, I declare I never in my life had the least malice or intention to injure the man, but always would have done any thing to serve him, as, I believe, he would me; the accident has hurt me so much, that I have been very unhappy, and can say no more.
