- I live in Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's .
What is your husband's name?
John Wright ; I lived with the prisoner two years in one house; her husband was on board a man of war , and my husband along with him.
Where did the prisoner live at the time this happened?
At No. 9, Buckeridge-street; I lodged in the same room with her.
Were both your husbands absent at that time?
No, she had her husband with her, and my husband was absent from me; I left the lodgings to go on board a King's ship to see my son; I left all I had in the world with the prisoner, locked up in a trunk, except what I stood upright in.
Who did the house belong to where she lodged?
I don't recollect.
How long ago is it since you went away, and left this trunk in her possession?
Four months ago; I locked up what I had in the trunk before her eyes.
What did the trunk contain?
There was a tin-box in it in the shape of a nutmeggraser; it had a 15l. note in it, a 10l. note, two twos, and two ones.
All Bank-notes?
Yes; there was a silver milk-pot that my son bought for me, a pair of silver buckles, and all my clothes; I put the tin-box into a tea-chest, and put it into my trunk.
When did you return from the place where you went to see your son?
I think it is ten weeks next Sunday.
How long were you absent?
A month and a week; I found my trunk broke open, and my little trunk tore to pieces; I found three or four gowns in it, and two or three tea-spoons.
Had the prisoner quitted the lodging?
Yes, she had run away to her sister's, and she was taken there.
Had her husband left the lodging too?
Her husband had run away; I afterwards saw my tin-box at Box-street; she was apprehended before I came.
You lodged with this woman and her husband?
Yes.
Her husband was at home as well as herself?
Yes.
Did you take the husband up?
No, he ran away.
Have you not received the sum of 16l. 10s.?
It is in hand; the constable has it I dare say.
I live in Whitcomb-street, Leicester-square.
What is your business?
A painter and glazier.
Do you know the prisoner?
I saw her at Bow-street; her husband worked with me as a bricklayer's labourer: On the 30th of June, about eight o'clock in the evening, he came to me when the men had left work, to a building I was repairing in Holborn; he had absented himself from me two or three days; I was standing in the passage to look at the building, and this man came down the passage very much in liquor; I asked him what brought him in that situation at such an hour; he said, he was come to take leave of me, he was going to Ireland: that he had taken his place to go the next day, as he was a freeman of the city of Cork, and could earn a guinea a week in Cork; he earned but fifteen or sixteen shillings a week with me; he said he had got money enough, and produced a tin-box that I suppose would hold an ounce of snuff.
Was it in the form of a nutmeg-grater?
I understand there are some made in that form; he pulled out of the box a one-pound note, and afterwards a 15l. note; I told him I was very sorry to see him with it in the condition he was then in, and recommended his leaving the money with me till the next day, which he did; after exhorting him very much to go home immediately, he promised me he would, and I gave him the notes back again in the box; on his quitting the building he turned the contrary way from home; he turned to go to Snow-hill instead of St. Giles's, where he said he lived; I was sorry I had given him the money when I saw him go the wrong way, and I sent another labourer after him, to tell him I wanted him; after an absence of a few minutes he returned, and to induce him to give it me back, I told him I had a bill to pay that night, if he would lend me the money I would be obliged to him, and he should have it in the morning when he came to work; the man very willingly gave me the money, and on the day following I brought the notes and the box with me to the building, expecting to see him there, and in the yard of the building I found Mr. Wildman, a next door neighbour, who said he had been robbed of a sum of money, which one of my labourers had found; I desired him to go to the Police-office, Hatton-Garden, and make his complaint, and I would attend, and shew the money; an officer of the Police came to me with Mr. Wildman, at the request of the Magistrate, for me to shew him the notes; I shewed the notes and the box to Mr. Wildman, and they proved to be of a much later date than the loss of Mr. Wildman's property; after that a Mr. Keeley, a publican, came the same day.
Where does Keeley live?
In Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's.
Do you know his name?
I believe it is Lawrence; he complained of the robbery that the woman has been describing to you, and requested to have the property, as he had other property of the woman's in his care; I refused to part with the notes out of my hand, but by a course of law; I produced them before Mr. Bond, and by his order I gave them to the officer.
Are you sure the notes you gave the officer were the same?
I marked them the day after I received them; I have kept them always in the tin-box.
The prisoner's husband has never returned?
I have never seen him since.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street.
Were you employed to make any search?
Lawrence Keeley , at the Hare and Hounds, came to me on the 1st of July, and said a woman of the name of Wright was gone to Portsmouth, and left her boxes in possession of the prisoner at the bar and her husband, and they were all broke open; I went with him to her lodgings, No.9, Buckeridge-street.
Keeley's own house?
I believe it is; Michael Lahey and I searched the house; she was absconded from there; I found upon her bed a white muslin apron, and in a box I found two brass candlesticks, some caps and handkerchiefs; soon after that I heard she was at her sister's lodgings, at No. 6, Buckeridge-street; I went there immediately, and she was in bed; I came out of the room till she had dressed herself, and I took her into custody immediately; I took her to Mr. Keeley's, and she confessed there was a pair of pockets and an apron under the bed where she was in bed.
Before you had that conversation, what was said to her?
Nothing at all.
Did you tell her it would be better for her to confess?
No.
Did you tell her she would be severely punished if she did not?
No; when I took her to Bow-street, she said she did not do it; her husband broke it open; Lahey has got the pockets and the apron; the prisoner was examined at Bow-street; Mr. Parker appeared, and I received from him this tin-box, with a fifteen-pound Bank-note and a one-pound note; I think that was at the second examination. - (Produces them.)
These are the notes I received from the prisoner's husband.
Did you pursue the husband at all?
I never saw him.
Do not you know that in point of fact be was taken?
I heard that he was.
I belong to Bow-street Office; I went with Blackman to the prisoner's lodgings, No. 6, Buckeridge-street; I found this pair of stockings and an apron, which the pointed out to me between the bed and the sacking.
Does Keeley keep a lodging-house?
Yes.(The property was identified by the prosecutrix.)
My husband was drunk all that week, and beat me and used me very ill; he knocked two of my teeth out of my head; I did not see him take these things, nor did not know when he did it, or any thing about it.
