What do you know about this robbery
The articles that were taken, I believe, on the prisoner, belonged to me.
What were they
I cannot enumerate them exactly; they were surgeons' instruments; scissars, knives, candlesticks; three were stolen; I believe four were in the box; they were all packed up in one box.
Are you a surgeon yourself
I am. They were intended for a friend of mine in the West Indies; I gave orders to a Mr. Binyon to have the articles that I was to send to a friend, to be packed in one box and sent to the West India docks.
When was this
Some time in September; the things were sent to the West India docks; I have a receipt of the wharfinger.
Have you the receipt here
Not here.
Is there any body here to prove that they were in the West India dock.
No
Perhaps you never saw them in the box yourself
No; Mr. Binyon put them in the box by my desire.
Is he here
No, he is a quaker, he cannot swear; the officer can swear that he took some of the things out of the ship that the prisoner belonged to.
I am an officer. On the 1st of November, I went to No. 19, Glocester terrace; I had this case of instruments delivered to me, and two candlesticks; I then went down to the West India docks, on board the Monarch .
Do you know whether the prisoner belonged to that ship
The captain informed me he was his apprentice ; on board that ship I found this box with several lancets, scissars and surgeons instruments in it; I took them to the office, and I have had them in my custody ever since.
I am a surgeon's instrument maker, 239, Whitechapel road.
Look at these instruments there, see whether you know them again
These are the instruments which I received from Mr. Morgan to clean; I think I received them about the 10th of September; I delivered them to Mr. Binyon, by the order of Mr. Morgan; they were intended to be put on board a ship.
They were to be put on board the London, captain Duncan.
Can you take upon you to say that these things that you now see were the instruments that you cleaned by the order of Mr. Morgan
I can, and they are things I sent according to the order of Mr. Morgan.
Did you receive them from Mr. Morgan
No; they were deposited with a gentleman in the Old Jewry, in Frederick place; I sent my man for them; they were brought to me by Mr. Morgan's order, and they were sent to Mr. Binyon.
These things were brought home by me from the West Indies to be repaired in that very case.
How came it to be on board the Monarch
I understood that he stole them from the wharf and carried them on board his ship.
Look at the prisoner, do you know him
Yes.
Do you know whether he belonged to the ship Monarch laying in the dock
I believe so; captain Kent of the Monarch, was a lodger in my house; I have seen the prisoner come to the captain to my house; the last time that he was at our house was the 31st of October; the prisoner then asked me to let him leave a box at my house.
Did he leave the box
Yes, it was a deal box; he told me it contained a suit of clothes: I took it from him and put it into the parlour; it remained there all night; we gave it up to captain Kent in the morning. When he opened it I saw a case of instruments like that, and some candlesticks. I did not see the boy till two days afterwards.
to Miller. Did you receive this box with a case of instruments and these things at Mrs. Lee's
Yes.
I was sent for by Mr. Saunders to take charge of Martha Sinclair , who had offered this candlestick for sale, supposing it to be silver; in consequence of what she told me, I apprehended the prisoner on the 31st of October: I asked the prisoner how he came by it; he said he found it, and that he had pledged it; I took him and the woman to Lambeth street office.
I live at Dr. Ratcliffe's, No. 6, Mile End; I have known the prisoner a twelve month; his captain lodged at our house before he lodged at that lady's house; he was captain of the Monarch.
Do you know whether the prisoner was a sailor on board the Monarch
Yes, he was; he went to the West Indies with him, and came home; he was his apprentice; I know of nothing but the candlestick: he came to me the night before he was taken up, he said he had a good bargain, he could let me have a candlestick, that an acquaintance of his found in the West Indies; it was in pledge for half a guinea at Mr. Nicholl's in the Minories, if I would give him money to redeem it; I said I would not till I saw the candlestick: he said he came honestly by it; he brought the candlestick on the next day; he said a friend lent him money to redeem it. I took the candlestick and went to Mr. Saunder's, a silversmith, as I told him I would; I was then taken in custody.
Do you know the woman just gone down
Yes, she brought me this candlestick, I marked it; on my having suspicion I took the woman up.
to Miller. Where did you find the candlesticks that you brought here in the box
At Glocester terrace.
I leave myself to the mercy of the court.
