I am warehouseman to William Smith and Joseph Travers , wholesale grocer s, in St Swithin's-lane : On Saturday, the 25th of September, about four in the afternoon, I sent a cart loaded with bags of loaf sugar; the carman was to deliver them at Iron-gate-wharf; one of them was missing; I shall know it again when it is produced.
I am carman to Messrs. Smith and Travers: On Saturday, the 25th of September, I received several packages of sugar.
How many packages were there?
A great many, but only three of the same mark with the one that was missing.
I had packages to leave at different wharfs; I was to leave three at Iron-gate-wharf; I delivered the others, and it was then too late to go to Iron-gate, and I was going back; the tail ladder of the waggon was up; in crossing Little Tower-hill, towards the Minories, I turned round, and missed a bag of sugar; I did not see any body near the waggon; in about five minutes, a young man, with a one-horse cart, of the name of Charles Turner, came up, and, in consequence of information that I received from him, I went with him about 200 yards, when I saw the prisoner with the bag upon his back, I knew it to be the same that I had lost; I asked him how he came to take the bag out of my waggon, and he threw down the bag and ran away; Turner and another pursued and stopped him, I took possession of the bag, and put it in the waggon again; I took it back, and delivered it to the warehouseman.
I am carman to Messrs. Harris and Co. tea dealers: On Saturday, the 25th of September, about a quarter before eight o'clock, coming over Tower-hill, I saw a person with a bag upon his back, going towards Lower East Smithfield; I saw Kennie in about two minutes, or two minutes and a half afterwards. and told him of it; I pursued him with Kennie, and came up to him in about 200 yards; he asked him how he came to take the bag out of his waggon, and he threw it down and ran away; I called, stop thief, and he was taken by an officer before I lost fight of him.
I am a head borough; I was standing at a neighbour's door, in Upper East Smithfield, I head the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner running, and I stopped him, and took him into custody.(The property was produced and identified by Ibell and Kennie.)
I went to Rosemary-lane to buy a jacket, and saw that bundle lying in the middle of the road.
