I am a labourer ; I lodge in the house of Mr. Frost, at Holloway , below Islington: On the eighth of June, either Sunday night or Monday morning, I lost my watch; the prisoner slept in the same bed with me, he is a brick-maker; I got up at four o'clock, and the prisoner was gone; I missed my watch from the window where I had laid it on the over-night; I got up, and started after the prisoner; I followed him about two hundred miles; there was nobody else slept in the room; I found him, I think, on the Saturday following, at Newport Pagnel; Mr Gregory was with me; we searched him and found the watch upon him; I know it to be my watch, I can swear to it.
Did the prisoner and you go to bed at the same time?
Yes, the room door was open.
You were not the last up in the house?
No.
I live at Holloway, I keep a private house; I cannot recollect the day of the month, but it was between the Sunday night and the Monday morning, these two men lodged in my house; On Monday morning, about four o'clock, I was waked and informed, that there had been a robbery done, the prisoner was then gone; I was the last person up in the house the night before; I am certain the doors and windows were fast.
Were you the first up in the morning?
No, there were several people up before me, I was waked by the disturbance.
I am a constable of Newport Pagnal; I apprehended the prisoner, and took a watch from him, which the prosecutor said was his; he had described it as a silver stop watch; I have had it ever since. (Produces it.)
This is my watch, it has the name of Charles Wright locksmith, Wolverhampton, on the inside; this chain and seal were to it when I lost it.
I bought the watch of George Hands , I gave him half-a-guinea, I was to give him so much a week for it.
(To Hands) How long had you lodged in that house?
Four or five nights; the prisoner was there before me.
Were you acquainted with him before that?
I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Upon the oath you had taken, is it true that you sold him the watch?
No.
Did you never offer to sell him the watch?
No.
(To Frost.) Did the prisoner leave any of his clothes, or any thing behind him?
No.
(To Hands.) What is the value of the watch?
It cost me five guineas about two years and a half ago.
