I live at No. 28, Tower-street, Seven Dials : I keep a lodging-house ; the prisoner lodged in the back-room, on the third floor; she hired the room of me furnished, on the 29th of October, at four shillings and sixpence a week; she came with a young woman, about twenty, whom, she said, was her daughter; she informed me, she and her daughter worked at child-bed linen , at a warehouse in Holborn. About a fortnight after, she borrowed a cloak of my wife, to go to Hammersmith to see her aunt, who was ill; the daughter remained in the house eight or nine days afterwards; the prisoner did not return; the daughter said, she had heard from her mother, and her aunt was dead. On the 29th of November, the daughter disappeared; after three or four days, I had the door broken open on the 2d of December; I was not present at that time, my daughter was.
I was going home at the time Mr. Mitchell met me; I had the key in my pocket, and after he took me up, he came to me several times, and offered me two or three guineas, if I would tell him where the things were, and I told him I did not know any thing of them.
(To Mitchell.) Is that true?
No; I found her coming out of Newgate; she has a husband there for two years; I told her she had served me a very pretty trick, and said, I should be thankful if she would tell me where the things were; she said she knew nothing of them, she had the key in her possession; she acknowledged to nothing but the cloak, which never was returned.
I am the daughter of the last witness; I was present when Mr. Matthews broke open the door; he lodges in the next room; I had delivered the things to the prisoner myself; I missed the articles mentioned in the indictment. (Repeats them.)
You have not been able to trace them?
No.
(To Mitchell.) Had you any opportunity, between the mother going away and the daughter, of seeing whether any thing was missing?
No; there was always a rag hanging in the way, that we could not see whether she was at home or not; she paid the lodging for the first fortnight.
I broke open the door at the request of Elizabeth Mitchell , and the things were missing; I was with Mr. Mitchell when he found the prisoner coming out at the felon's door; I asked her what she had done with the property; she asked me how I knew there was any missing, for she had got the key of the premises; I took her to the public-house, and endeavoured to persuade her to confess what she had done with the things, but she would not own to them.
This man lodged in the next room to me, and things of this bulk could not have been carried out without his knowing it; I can hear every thing that he, and his wife, and child say.
Mr. Mitchell allows his lodgers to have a latch-key, so that she could come in at the dead of night, and go out again.
These things might have been made very portable, by taking out the feathers a few at a time; she came home one night without the key, and I was obliged to get up to let her in at eleven o'clock at night, and I then saw a man with her.
I am innocent of the charge.
