I lodged at No. 6, Marlborough-row, St. James's . The prisoner is the daughter of the woman where I lodged. On Tuesday the 16th of May I went out about three o'clock in the afternoon, and returned between five and six; I missed the gown that hung on the bed; I asked the mother if she had seen her daughter; she said she had not; then I went out; I had a child in my arms. I did not look any further; I went back and opened my box; I missed four gowns, two petticoats, two shifts, a shawl, four handkerchiefs, and a pair of stays.
Why do you accuse the prisoner
Because she was caught with my gown on her back, a handkerchief and shawl, when she was taken.
I am a lamp-lighter. The young woman was crying about Marlborough-row, she said that she saw the prisoner go into the Crown public house, Swallow-street; she went out of there and went down a stable yard, I did not follow her; she hid herself till it was dusk. I waited about there, and when she came out there was a great man with her, which I could not master. I watched her till I could get assistance to lay hold of her; she was taken by the patrol at St. James's church, then she had a black silk gown a shawl, and a handkerchief on, which belonged to the young woman; these things I saw on her.
I am constable of St. James's parish; I was constable of the night when this woman was brought in; this shawl, handkerchief, and gown was delivered to me; I took charge of the prisoner. After she was committed I heard where the rest of the property was, at Mr. Stillman's, at the top of Conduit-street, they were delivered up to me.
I am servant to Mr. Stillman, at the Conduit in Conduit-street. A woman came in and called for a pint of beer, to the best of my recollection the prisoner is the woman; a man came in with her; it was between ten and eleven o'clock; she had three bundles with her, she asked me if I could let her leave the bundles; I told her no, she must speak to my mistress; she spoke to my mistress, and she gave her leave. I saw her chuck the bundles under the shop of the bar; Mr. Slade found the bundle there.
This young woman and I lodged with my mother some time; she was in the habit of lending her things; she lent me some on the Sunday before; she said I should be always welcome to her things till she got a place; I took them, but not to make a proper of them.
I lent her a gown and a handkerchief on the Sunday, she returned them to me on the Monday morning before I was out of bed; the gown is in the bundle that I lent her; the gown that she had on her back I never lent her.
