I am the wife of Charles Sharpley, perfumer , in Holborn ; these miniature pictures were in a glass case on the counter; there were the pictures of myself and my husband; the rest belonged to a miniature-painter, who valued them at two guineas; the one was a two-guinea size, and the other a one-guinea size.
Who is that miniature-painter ?
Walter Stevens Lethbridge; there were four frames, but one of them had two pictures in it; the last time that I saw them, as near as I can recollect, was on the 29th of June, but I cannot say to the day; I had seen them the day that I missed them.
Have you ever seen the pictures since?
Yes; at Shadwell-office.
What cases were these pictures in?
Since it has been taken away, my husband has been set, and worn by a lady; they were put there merely for the painter to get business.
It was not a saleable thing?
No; but I would not take five guineas for it, because I dare say my husband would not sit for another.
Mr. Mudd is in partnership with your husband?
Yes; in the business.
Does he not live in the house?
No; he does not.
Does not he contribute towards the expences of the house?
Yes.
Is the rent and taxes paid jointly?
Yes; by both.
It is your dwelling-house; you live in the house?
Yes; nobody else lives in the house, except one family, as lodgers.
Had you any pictures in the possession of Mr. Sharpley?
Yes. five.
You do not know what became of them?
No.
What was the value of them.?
Four pounds.
Have you seen them since they were taken?
Yes; I saw them at Shadwell; they are in Court.
I was in company with Cook and two others; we went to the house of Mr. Peake; he keeps the sign of the Bird-cage, in Bird-cage-walk, Bethnal-green.
How far is that from Mr. Sharpley's?
It may be two miles; I found these pictures there on the 23d of October, about eight in the morning (produces them) I found them in the one pair of stairs bed-room; they were hanging up over the chimney-piece; we had a search-warrant to search for other property; we did not search for these; I asked him and his wife how they came by these pictures; the lady told me her brother was a miniature picture painter; I told her, we were not satisfied, and we should take them away with us.
When did you find an owner for them?
On Wednesday, the 27th of October, I went to No. 6r, Red-lion-passage, which I saw written on the back of one of the pictures; and in consequence of what passed there, I went to Mrs. Sharpley's; she described the pictures, and I shewed them to her; she attended at the office on the Saturday following.
You went there in consequence of some information respecting some pistols?
Yes.
And which it was alledged that he had bought?
Yes.
The only person to give an account of the pictures, was the wife?
Yes; and another lady.
The prisoner gave no account of it?
No.
The pictures were lost, we understand, upon the 29th of June?
I am given to understand so.
The apprehension of the prisoner did not happen till the 23d of October?
No.
Four months had elapsed between?
Yes.
In public houses, I believe it is customary of a Sunday, when they are full, to put there company into every room in the house?
Not a bad room, I believe.
Is the prisoner's wife related to you?
No.
(To Lethbridge). Are you related to the prisoner or his wife?
No.
My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, I had lately taken a public-house, and I understand, from all the enquiry that I can make, that my wife has been imposed upon by some person who has called at our house with these things, and produced, as I understand, a very high miniature, being a striking resemblance of a boy of mine, about four years old; she was imposed upon to receive them, and she lent a guinea upon the whole of them; I learned that my wife was imposed upon, from observing that the locket was not gold; she had been told it was; Brown has said, that my wife told him, her brother was a miniature-painter, and had delivered them; I did not here her say so; I was in another room with Cook. My Lord and Gentlemen, I rest myself, under these circumstances, satisfied that you will do me justice. NOT GUILTY .
