I live in Brille-row, Somers-town ; my husband's name is Jonathan Chipman ; he is a milkman . In July last Ann Sanders commenced working and lodging with me; I then thought her a prudent woman: On the 18th of October last I was brought to bed, and then she lived below with me; on the 20th she took three sheets to a Mrs. Savage, and gave them to her to pawn; I lost a great part of my property the latter end of October.
Where were your sheets laid?
In a box close to my bed-side; after, that she had occasion to go up stairs for some things necessary for me; she broke open a box, and took out half a guinea in gold, a pair of silver buckles, and a sheet; she gave the buckles to Mrs. Savage to sell them for her at Mr. Dunball's; she stole a silver spoon, a pound of sugar, a blue and white handkerchief, a black silk cloak, and a coat that was under the foot of our bed; we found that her husband wore that, and since that he has run away; there is a great deal of the property lost. I have seen the spoon and the cloak since.
I pawned a silver spoon for the prisoner for 1 s. 6 d. and a cloak, a shirt and handkerchief; the buckles I sold to a pawn-broker for her, and a pair of sheets also I pawned for her, I gave her the money for all these articles, and the duplicates.
I asked you to pawn the buckles?
You desired me, if I could get more by selling them, to sell them, which I did for you.
I live with Mr. - , Skinner-street, Somers-town; I produce a cloak and a spoon, pawned by Martha Savage ; the prosecutor enquired about these things at our shop, and after that the prisoner came and begged me to let her have the spoon out; I detained her; she confessed to me that she stole the spoon.
I took her into custody, she admitted to me that she had been imprudent in taking the spoon, handkerchief, and cloak.
I had got nothing but the spoon, I never had got the three sheets; the sheets on my bed I pledged, and I brought them back again; the things were all on the bed when I left the room.
