I am a silk manufacterer, in partnership with Richard Clay, William Clay , and William Clay , junior: On the 5th of June, the prisoner came to me in Town-court, Cheapside, about five o'clock in the afternoon, saying that he came from Wells and Co. Fleet-street, and wanted apiece of mode, at about five shillings per ell; I told him, I had not got one at that price; and he wished to see one as near the price as I had got one; I let him see one at 4s. 3d. per ell, which he said, would do very well; and he wished to take it with him, because it was wanted immediately; he was asked what his name was, and he said it was John Hall; he took with him, a piece of mode, about 62 ells, making about 77 yards and a half.
How came you to part with this property?
He said, he came from Wells and Company, who are customers of our's; it is very customary in the silk trade, for gentlemen to send a porter, or some other person, without a note.
Then you parted with your property, believing the person came from Wells and Company?
Yes.
Can you swear positively to my person?
I can.
I am partner in the house of Wells and Company, haberdahsers, Fleet-street.
Do you know of any other house of Wells and Company, in Fleet-street?
There is no other house.
Do you know the person of the prisoner?
I knew him about four years back, I bought some fans of him.
Did you send him at any time, about the 5th of June, to Smith and Clay, for some mode?
I never did, at any time.
Or give him any directions for that purpose?
Never.
There are some peculiarities in the fabric, which make it almost impossible for a manufacturer to be mistaken; it is mine.
I am clerk to Messrs Smith and Clay; I was present when the prisoner came to our house, on the 5th of June.
Have you heard the evidence of your master?
Yes.
Have you any variation of that evidence to state?
None whatever.
Are you sure the prisoner was the person?
Yes; the first time I saw him, which was the day he was apprehended; I knew him immediately to be the man who had had this mode; I never had a doubt of his person.
Had you?
I never had any doubt of his being the person.
At the time I was detained, Mr. Heanes declared he did not know me; nor Mr. Smith either.
