What business do you follow?
Not any; I have been in business; I live in Marylebone-street, Golden-square: On the 12th of August, about three o'clock in the morning, I had been out to spend the evening, in Rose-street, Covent-garden, with my friends; I staid rather later than usual.
At that time in the morning, perhaps you were not quite sober?
I was not.
Were you sober enough to swear to the person of a man?
Yes, I was sober enough to identify the person; I was going home from Rose-street alone; the prisoner came up to me, and asked me how I did, and asked me to sit down at the door to rest ourselves; my coat was open, and my pocket-book inside; I sat down, and leaned my head back against the door, and felt the prisoner's hand in my pocket, taking my pocket-book out of my pocket.
What had you in your pocket-book?
A two-pound note, some memorandums and a silver pencil-case.
You were not sober enough to resist him, I suppose?
No; I said, you have got my pocket-book; he made no reply, but knocked me down, and ran off; I halloaed out, watch, stop thief; I called, watch, stop thief, a second time, and the watchman called out, I have got him.
Then he was taken immediately?
Yes: the watchman asked me what I was robbed of; I said, he had robbed me of my pocket-book; the prisoner said, he had no pocket-book, nor he did not know me; the watchman searched him, and found none upon him; the watchman said, he thought he saw him drop something, before he crossed the way to lay hold of him; we all three went over to look, and on the iron railing of a window in King-street, we found the pocketbook; I said it was mine, and he was taken to the watch-house.
Your pocket was picked first, and you was knocked down afterwards?
Yes.
There was no force used to you till after the pocket-book was taken?
None.
Your name is Haley, and you live where?
In Marybone-street, Golden-square.
What time in the morning was it?
About three in the morning.
Where was it you had spent the evening?
I cannot exactly tell you myself.
And yet you can identify the man?
I won't swear positively to his person; the only thing I can swear by, is his dropping the book at the place.
And that you did not see?
No.
Were you ever robbed before?
Yes; I was robbed the same evening of my watch.
Do you know where you were robbed of your watch?
No.
I am a watchman: About three o'clock in the morning, I heard that person cry out, stop thief; I then looked, and saw nobody in the street but the prisoner, coming down the contrary side of the street that I was going up; I called out, stop, and then he dropped his hand down from his breast, as if he dropped something, but I could not discern what it was; he was crossing the street when I grasped hold of him; I brought him over to the same side of the street that I was walking on, and kept him there till the prosecutor came up; he desired me to search him; accordingly, I put my hand into his pocket, but only found some halfpence; I then said to the prosecutor, if he has taken your pocket-book, we will go up the other side of the way, and perhaps we may find it; I took the prisoner on the other side of the way, and at the same place where I desired him to stop I picked up the pocket-book upon the iron railing; I then took him to the watch-house; I produced the pocket-book to the constable of the night; it contained a two-pound note, and other papers.
I was coming home from spending the evening; I heard a cry of stop thief; I walked up, seeing the watchman in the middle of the street, and asked him if he knew what was the matter; he desired me to stop, and I did immediately; a man then approached, and addressed himself to me, saying he had been robbed; he did not say I robbed him; I asked him by who; the watchman said, there was no other person in the street but me, and then he said, it must be me, and I was taken to the watch-house.
