Examined by Mr. Routh. I am agent to Mr. Alexander Davidson; I was appointed to transact business at the office in Millbank-street, for the payment of prize-money: On the 30th of July, an order for the payment of money, which I hold in my hand, was brought to me by the prisoner at the bar, (produces it) I inquired in what situation John Johnson was on board the Leander; he said, he was a petty officer; upon reffering to the prize list, I found two John Johnsons on board the Leander; upon my remarking to him the circumstance of their being two, he said, it was John Johnson , a pretty officer, whose prize-money he came for; after a short conversation, he told me he was sure it was Johnson the pretty officer, and if I tendered him the proporotion of a common seaman he would not receive it.
Did he produce any thing else besides the order?
I have a faint recollection that he produced a letter; but I cannot charge my memory positively with it.
Did you, in consequence of this bill being presented, pay any money?
After he had said he would not receive the proportion of a common man, I gave him a draft upon Mr. Davidson's banker, for fourteen pounds ten shillings and sixpence, which was the proportion coming to a petty officer.
Who were Mr. Davidson's bankers?
Vere, Luccadou, and Company, in Lombard-street; he then left the office immediately, having first signed the regular receipt.
Have you told us all the conversation as near as you can recollect?
I cannot charge my memory with any thing else.
Do you recollect the terms in which the receipt is conducted?
It is in the book which I have here.
How long have you had the office in Millbank-street?
Mr. Davidson has had an office in Millbank-street two or three years, but not for this purpose; for conducting another branch of his business, in the barrack department.(The order read.)
Is there a receipt at the back of the hill?
Yes; (Reads.)\"Pay to J. Mackintosh, or order. H. Young.\" And underneath it is \"Received, Jas. Mackintosh.\"	"a
Examined by Mr. Routh. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Vere, Luccadou, and Company: On the 30th of July, I paid a draft of Mr. Davidson's, for fourteen pounds ten shillings and sixpence, (produces it) it was paid in the name of Johnson; but I cannot say who presented it.
This is the draft I gave to the prisoner at the bar.
Did you serve on board the Leander at the battle of the Nile?
Yes; as quarter-master, and rated midshipman upon the books; I was taken ill in the Mediterranean, Admiral Nelson invalided us all home, and I was discharged from the Leander in October, 1799.
To whom did you give authority to receive your prize-money?
Mr. Alexander, navy agent, at Porsmouth; I gave him a power of attorney to receive it, and remit the money to me whenever I was, in any port of Britain; I received twenty-six pounds ten shillings and sixpence the first payment; I received it from Mr. Hunt, who was employed by Mr. Alexander; I afterwards applied to Mr. Hunt for a second-payment, and I was told my money was taken; and then I went to Mr. Davidson's, but did not get my money; I then went to my lodging in Wapping, and Mackintosh was sent for over; I said, Mr. Mackintosh, I understand you have drawn my prize-money without any liberty from me; yes, says he, I have drawn your money; here is a letter, says he, that I have received from one John Johnson , at Petersfield, to receive it; and he shewed me a letter with John Johnson 's mark; says I, Mr. Mackintosh, I have no call to put a mark to my name, I can write it.
Was that you mark?
No; I then went out, fetched a constable, and took him up.
Do you know Petersfield?
No.
Nor any body lives there?
No.
Was that letter that Mackintosh shewed you, of your writing?
No.
Have you received the money?
Yes; and I signed the books.
Look at the order?
That is neither my mark, nor my name.
Did you ever authorize Hugh Young to receive any of your prize-money?
No; I never saw the man till I saw him before the Magistrate; nor any body else but Mr. Alexander, at Portsmouth.
Look at the back of the order; do you know any thing about that?
No.
Have you told us all the conversation that you had with the prisoner when you sent for him from his lodgings?
Yes.
Was Young there at that time?
No; my landlord was there, George Kilgour, and the constable.
What was the other person's name on board the Leander?
John Johnson .
Have you no other name than John Johnson ?
No.
Did you never go by any other name?
No.
Never by the name of Brown?
Never in my life.
Did not the prisoner say, he was desired by a Mr. Young to receive it, that he might transmit it to Johnson of Petersfield?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Routh. I am an officer belonging to Whitechapel (produces a letter) I received it from Mackintosh; before I took him into custody, he said, that was from the person for whom he was employed to draw the money.
Have you had it ever since?
No; the next morning it was delivered into the hands of the clerk at the office, Mr. Smith; it was delivered to me again when he was fully committed.
Do you believe that to be the same letter?
I do.
(To Cutler.) Look at that letter; is that the letter that was produced to you by the prisoner, when he produced the order for which you gave him a draft?
I am not certain that it is.
(To Osman.) Is Mr. Smith here?
No.
Can you say that it is the same letter that you received from Mackintosh?
I did not make any mark upon it, but I believe it to be the same from the direction.
The prisoner told you he was employed by Mr. Young?
Yes; and rather dared me to detain him.
He told you where Young lived?
Yes; but not till the next morning, when I fetched him from the watch-house.
Did you ask him the day before where Young lived?
Yes; and he would not tell me.
This letter, of itself, tells you where he lived?
Yes; Mr. Young came forward.
You took him into custody, and he has been in custody ever since?
Yes; the prisoner said he had delivered the money to Young.
The prisoner was discharged, was he not?
Yes.
And taken up again?
Yes.
Do you remember, in the month of August, last year, a letter coming, directed to your husband, from Petersfield?
Yes; I received it in August, 1799; I cannot say the day.
Was the prisoner at the bar in your house at the time?
Not that I recollect; I opened the letter by my husband's direction, and when I opened it, I found it was a blank paper, there was nothing contained in it at all.
When you opened it, and found it to be a blank, was Mackintosh present?
I cannot recollect; Mr. Young was very ill.
To whom did you deliver it?
It laid about for two or three months afterwards, for any thing I know.
Do you know whether the blank letter that you received was at any time in the possession of the prisoner?
I cannot positively say.
Is your husband's name Hugh?
Yes.
Can he read or write?
He cannot.
M'CARTY sworn. - Examined by Mr. Routh. I am a victualler; I keep the Bee-hive, in Nightingale-lane, East Smithfield: I have seen the prisoner at the bar several times.
You have a paper to produce, I believe?
No, Mr. Dawson has it. On the 30th of July, I found a small parcel lying on the table in my kitchen, tied up in a brown paper with a bit of string; it was a kind of a book, tied up in the same form that I found it; I put it by in the kitchen drawer till the Friday evening, and then I gave it to Dawson, and he read it.
Do you remember any parcel being left at your house?
Yes, the end of July, I think the 30th; the prisoner had some rum and water in the kitchen; he called for a pen and ink, and I saw no more of him; I went about my business, and when I came back into the kitchen I saw a kind of pocket-book or a memorandum-book lying upon the table; I supposed it to be his, and let it lie for some time, thinking he would send for it; I left it on the table, and did not meddle with it; there was a string round it; when Mr. M'Carty came home, he took it off the table, and put into a drawer.
(To M'Carty.) The parcel that you put into the drawer, was it the same parcel that you delivered to Dawson?
Yes, three days after.
This kitchen is a room appropriated for all guests that come?
House-keepers come in.
There were several persons drinking in that kitchen?
There might be in the sore part of the day; but not at that time.
How many in the sore part of the day?
I cannot say.
How long was it from the time you left him writing at the table, till the time you came back again?
It might be a quarter of an hour; there had not been any body else in to my knowledge.
Examined by Mr. Raine. (Produces a memorandum-book and paper.) I received them from Mr. M'Carty.
How long have you known the prisoner?
From fifteen to eighteen years.
Are you acquainted with his hand-writing?
I have seen him write many times.
Can you speak to his hand-writing?
As far as one man can speak to another's.
Look at that paper?
That I believe to be his hand-writing; (it is read;) written upon the back of a blank petition.\"Sir,
Look at that letter?
This I have no doubt is all his hand-writing except the direction.(The letter read, dated Petersfield, 24th Aug. 1799).
Look at that order?
The body, I think, is not his hand-writing, but the signature, John Johnson, and the names of the subscribing witnesses, I think, are his hand-writing; Walter Noble , minister, John Williams , Francis Gibbons ; church-wardens, I think the whole of that is his handwriting.
Now look at the back?
I believe all the back to be his writing; \"Pay Mr. Mackintosh, or his order, H. Young; received, James Mackintosh .\"	"a
Examined by Mr. Raine. On Tuesday, the 16th instant, I went down to Petersfield, to make enquiry respecting the minister and church-wardens.
Did you learn that a person of the name of Walter Noble was minister?
No; no such person had ever existed there; I made enquiry of the present church-wardens and the minister, and found that no such persons within their memory had ever lived in the parish; I also searched the books but could not learn any thing of them; the way that the direction, Market-street; I also enquired, but could find no such place as Market-street to Petersfield.
Dawson never saw me write a line in his life.
Upon your oath, did you ever see him write?
I have seen him write more than twenty times.
In what situation are you now?
An officer belonging to the Marshalsea.
I think we have seen you here in another character?
I was a Police officer, but I have resigned; I kept a public-house, and the magistrate would not suffer me to keep a public-house, and be a Police officer at the same time.
Do you keep a public-house now?
No, I have no occasion for one.
Upon your oath, was not your licence taken away?
No, it was not stopped; I let it to a man who lost it afterwards.
