I live with Mr. Thomas, a hackney-man, in Park-street, I work in the stable; on the 6th of July, I was going down Oxford-road, and met the prisoner at the bar about nine o'clock at night; she very much intreated me to go along with her, which I did, to her room in Gee's-court ; we laid down upon the bed, and while I was upon the bed with her, I found her picking my pocket.
What had you in your pocket?
Nineteen guineas and a half and some silver; I immediately jumped off the bed, and laid hold of her, upon which she screamed out murder; I told her she had got my money, and then a person burst into the room and laid hold of me, her name is Susannah Rossiter ; she pulled me from her, and she got away.
When had you seen the money?
I pulled it out in the room to give her what she asked.
How came you to have so much money about you?
I have been industrious as a gentleman's servant.
Did you carry it about you always?
I had it at that time; she got away, and I heard no more of her till she was taken about six weeks after.
What money had you given her?
One shilling.
Were you in liquor at this time?
No, very sober.
I live in James-street, Manchester-square; on the 6th of July, I lived at No. 4, Gee's-court: On Sunday the 6th of July, about eleven o'clock, I had been out for some beer, and as I came past No. 13, I heard the prisoner cry out murder, violently; the woman of the shop was busy and could not go up, I went up to see what was the matter.
Who owns the house?
Thomes Duggan; when I got up stairs, I saw the prosecutor using very great violence, he had his knee upon the pit of her stomach, and his hand up to her neck; he repeatedly said, she had got his money; I said, if she has robbed you, why don't you charge the watch with her, do not choak her; he then got up, the woman pushed me against him, and away she ran down stairs; the next morning the officer came to apprehend her, and she had absconded; she lodged in the house, and then they took me into custody, and Mr. Conant let me go upon promising to find her; I found her at Charing-cross, and took her to the watch-house myself; she said, she was very glad of it, and wished she had such another opportunity.
(To Gardiner.) Did you find any of your property again?
No.
I found this girl when she was about three years and a half old; I gave her a little education, and brought her up as well as I could, and she lived with me till she went to service; she is now about nineteen, she was between twelve and thirteen when she went to service; she has been in several places, and always bore a good character.
The unfortunate prisoner is my sister; though I am a young man, I am in business; I have been married six years, and she has lived servant with me four years; at the end of that time she was seduced from me, by a person that I do not know; I have not looked upon her since; till that time, she always conducted herself with propriety and honesty; she and I were both left fatherless and motherless.
