- I am a comb-maker , in Cheapside , and deal in a variety of silver and gold articles: On Monday, the 3d of November, about half past six in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop, and asked to see some silver nutmeg-graters; I was then in the parlour; I came out and shewed him some; he asked the price of one, which I asked him twenty-five shillings for; he said, he would give me seventeen shillings; I looked very sledfastly at him, for I was rather suspicious from his offer, that he did not want to buy, and he withdrew from the shop immediately; when he went out, he turned to the right-hand, which brought his left-hand to the light of the window; I kept my eye on him, and could see that he had something in his left hand, but I did not at that time miss any thing from the shop; I ran after him, and took him near the corner of Lawrence-lane, on the other side of the way; I laid hold of him, and said, you scoundrel, give me the silver grater you have got, for I suspected he had one; I put my right-hand to his left, and he dropped it; he said, what, do you accuse me of stealing your grater, for you brought it yourself and dropped it; I picked it up, and held him by the coat while I picked it up; I told him, he should go back with me; he desired that I would treat him like a gentleman, and not hold him by the collar; I told him, I should not let go his collar till I got him home; I took him home, and then he wanted to pay for the grater; Hall, the marshalman, came past, and I gave him charge of him.
Who was in the shop at the time the prisoner was there, besides yourself?
My wife and the grand boy.
Who did he ask for the nutmeg-grater?
The errand-boy.
Is he here?
No, he is under age, he is about eleven years of age; I did not think it necessary to bring him.
In what state did I appear when I went into your shop?
He appeared to me in the same state that he does now, tipsey.
It cannot be supposed that he is now in that state, just coming from the prison?
Certainly not.
Did he appear to be sober?
I thought he was tipsey, but after that, I had no reason to think so.
Did you observe what he had in his hand before he went out of the shop?
No.
You certainly said before the Magistrate, that you saw the grater in his hand?
I saw that he had something in his hand, but I had not missed any thing.(James Hall, the marshalman, produced the grater, which was deposed to by Mr. Aughtie.)
My Lord, it was not my intention, originally, to have given the Court any trouble; the next morning after it happened, I had not the smallest recollection of the situation I had been in the night before; Mr. Aughtie said, that he knew perfectly well, that I was intoxicated the night before, and he offered me to go on board a man of war. GUILTY, aged 49.
