On the 21st of September, the prisoner came into our shop; I am servant to Mr. Edward Jones , in Old Gravel-lane ; she said her daughter had bought some linen to be paid for at so much a week; I told her there was no such a thing in our shop; she has come to the shop to buy what things she has wanted, and I have known her about eight months; her daughter I have known longer; she went away, and after she was gone, I drew two pieces of pillow fustian, and sold two yards of it, and laid them upon the counter, and in about ten minutes after that, the prisoner came in again, and looked at some flannels; then she agreed with me for twelve yards of flannel, at fifteen-pence a yard, and when I had cut it off, and tied it up, she told me she had got a one pound note, which she could not find; and on searching for the note, I observed that she dropped a canvass bag from under her clothes, and she gave it me over the counter, and desired me to lay it by, and the flannel likewise; she told me she was going a few doors to the grocer's, and she would call immediately for the flannel and the bag; she went out, and I looked over the calicos, and reckoned them, and they were all there; about six o'clock my master came home, and I missed the fustian; we suspected, as the prisoner did not come back for the bag and the slannel, that she had taken it; we enquired out where she lived, and I got an officer from Lambeth-street, and found her in West's-gardens, Ratcliff-highway; I immediately gave charge to the officers, and they took charge of her, and in a short time after they had searched the house, she said to me, if I would let her remain quietly in her own house, she would deliver up the duplicates, and pay the gentlemen that came with me for their trouble; I told her I could do no such thing; she delivered the duplicates to Griffiths; she came to Mr. Jones's shop, in her way to the office, and offered to pay for the goods; she said, if Mr. Jones would forgive her she would pay for the goods; I cannot say what Mr. Jones said to her, but she was not released; the property was produced by the pawnbroker, on Friday the 27th, at the office.
She had not asked you the price of these goods?
No, nothing.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 30, Red-lion-street, Whitechapel,(produces the property; I took this fustian in of the prisoner on the 23d of December.
I believe this to be Mr. Jones's property; it has no mark upon it, but it corresponds with another piece that I have got.
Does it correspond with the quantity that you lost?
No; there is another piece at a pawnbroker's in Whitechapel, Burton, and Co.'s.
It is such as may be bought in any linen-draper's shop in London?
Yes.
I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street: I went with Smith, a brother officer, to the prisoner's lodgings; she said she was very much distressed, and had taken a little fustian, but she hoped he would forgive her, and she would pay Mr. Jones for it; I asked her what she had done with it; and she said she had pawned part of it in Red-lion-street, Whitechapel; I had these duplicates from her.
It was none of Mr. Jones's property; I was very much frightened, for the officer used me very ill, and said he would take me and my, daughter; it belonged to a young man that was pressed, and gone to sea; I told him I had two tickets, but I did not tell him they were Mr. Jones's property, for it never was.
