I live at No. 8, Shoreditch , I am a silk mercer . On the 15th of May I came forward to send one of my servants of an errand, at the same time he accused her of taking something from the counter; I immediately said to her if she had not taken nothing she should not be blamed wrong, at the same time I insisted upon seeing whether she had or not; I looked over the counter on the floor, fearing she had dropped something there, I found nothing, I went round the counter and examined her minutely, and I saw the cloak laying at her feet.
What cloak was this.
A lace cloak; she had got her gown wrapped about her very much.
Did you see her take it.
I did not, there is a person here that did see her take it.
You say this cloak was laying at her feet on the floor where the prisoner stood.
It was.
Were there many cloaks laying on the counter at that time.
I cannot say myself, my servant says there were three.
Then whether it was thrown down by accident, or how, you cannot say, how long had the cloak been in the shop, was it an an old one or a new one.
It had been in my house about four or five months.
You have laid it in the indictment at forty shillings, you have given the prime cost, I presume.
I have no doubt but it cost me fifty shillings.
After being in your shop about five months, must not your having kept it so long have lessened its value, you know that forty shillings would affect her life.
I have learned it since.
Do you live at Mr. Brown's.
Yes; the prisoner came to our house on the 15th of May, along with another woman to buy some lace, Mr. Brown's brother shewed them some, they could not agree for the price, they went out, they came back to me, as Mr. Brown's brother was not at hand, and said they would give a penny more a yard for the lace, I told them we could not take it; they stood talking to me while I was behind the counter folding the things up, but what they said to me I did not take any notice of; that woman turned her back towards me, I saw her take something off the counter.
What, the prisoner.
Yes, I asked her what she had got, she persisted that she had taken nothing; I had folded three lace cloaks up a few minutes before, I looked to see if they were all there, I found one of them was gone; they laid close to the prisoner's elbow on the counter, I saw her take something off the counter, but I could not see what it was she did it so quick, she drew it under her cloak into her gown; when I accused her of taking something, and she said that she had nothing, Mr. Brown came forward, he gave me a parcel to go out of an errand, and when I was going out of the door, the cloak was found laying close by her feet.
Whether it is not possible that she might have pulled the cloak down by accident.
No, it was not near the edge of the counter, it was about an inch from the edge of the counter, she had her right arm upon the counter, she did not move that to take the cloak, she took it with the left, she had her back towards me, and put her right on the counter; I believe she put her left hand so.
Then you did not see her.
No; I believe it.
Do you know any thing about the worth of this said cloak.
No, I had not been two hours in business.
Very likely you had been asleep at that time.
No.
You do not mean to say you saw her take it up, what it was you do not know.
Not till it was found.
I should think you might, if you had not been asleep, told us what it was.
I cannot.
She denied it.
Yes.
And just at her feet, after you had been folding them, when you came round, there was one laying at her feet.
Mr. Brown found one at her feet.
It might be swept off the counter.
I looked over the counter when she was first accused; there was no such thing laying there.
On the 15th of this month Mr. Brown came down to the office in Worship-street, and I went with Mr. Brown to his shop, the cloak was then laying on the ground, and the prisoner was sitting on a chair; I took her to the office in Worship-street and searched her; I found nothing but a penny and a thimble about her.
I am very innocent of it, it must have been there before I came into the shop.
