Who are you servant to?
To John Hamer , a lighterman, at Bank-side: I received three hundred pigs of lead into his barge, on Saturday the 18th of December, I took them from Bank-side to Millbank, to Bentley, Grace, and Co. I left the barge at Bentley's wharf at eight o'clock in the morning, and counted the pigs of lead before I left them.
I was on some of my barges that lay near the Old Barge-house: On Saturday the 18th, about eight o'clock in the evening, I observed two boats coming down the river, one light, the other loaded; they made towards some sailing-boats belonging to Mr. Doe, at the Old Barge-house; I went to my boat, and rowed directly to them; there were three persons in the light boat towing the loaded one; before I made the last pull to get into the loaded boat, I saw something like a great coat in it, it was very dark, I could not see whether it was a man or not; I stepped into the boat, and found it was not a man; I then stepped into the other boat, and laid hold of the prisoner, who was standing close by the side of the loaded boat, but in the sailing-boat; I said, I have got you, where are the others? they were then running over the boats towards the shore; he said, the boat does not belong to me, Mr. Rowen; I stepped into another boat, laying along-side of the boat the prisoner was in, for the purpose of pursuing the other men, but found it useless; and, on my return, the prisoner stepped into a light boat, and made for the Old Barge-house stairs; I called stop thief, but he got away; I have known him some time, and am sure he is the man; I examined the boat they were towing, and saw nine pigs of lead, which I delivered to Mr. Gotty, the Police officer; the name of Butcher was on the boat.
It was dark, was it not?
Yes; I could-hardly see the persons.
When you got up to the prisoner, you saw he was in a boat, but not either of the two first you saw?
No.
You knew where he was to be found?
Yes.
I am a Thames Police officer: Mr. Rowen delivered me nine pigs of lead, I have one of them here; I apprchended the prisoner at the Fleece public-house, Old Barge-house, on the 20th of December.
Did you not go to meet him by appointment?
His wife told me he was at the public-house.
I am foreman to Messrs. Bentley; the firm is, Margaret Elentley, Thomas Grace, Joseph Freeman, and Thomas Bentley ; I took an account of the cargo of Mr. Hamer's barge, on the 20th of December, and there were two hundred and ninety pigs of lead.
- I am servant to Mr. John Ellin : I saw the lead in Mr. Gotty's custody.(A pig of lead produced, and identified).
Can you say which side of the river the boat was when you first saw it?
On the South, or Surry side.
I was going on board my own boat, I happened to be in that boat where Mr. Rowen saw me; he asked me what boat it was, I said I did not know, and shoved my boat astern, and went about my business.
