I am a single woman , I live in my own house, I occupy it, I am a vender of medicine . On the 10th of June last, returning from Kentish town, I had occasion to purchase some goods at Messrs. Fishers and Wells' in Fleet street; I paid for these articles in a five pound note, I received a two pound note in exchange.
Was there any thing remarkable in the two pound note.
There was a shilling difference between the shopwoman and me, I cast it up outside of the note; when I returned home I put the note in a bag, which I generally put the money that I take of Mr. Hall, I placed the bag in a closet in the ware room, I locked the closet door, and put the key on the corner of a shelf (there was other money in the bag which I had received of him); I then went to market; this was about eleven or twelve o'clock.
Had he access to that closet.
Yes, he sold medicine when I was out of the way, he was my clerk, in short he was every thing to me.
How long were you absent.
I suppose not more than half an hour; in about half an hour after my return I went to my closet, I went to my bag, I observed the notes that I had put in very tight together were shook loose; I then said to Mr. Hall who has been here, have you sold any thing, he said nobody has been here; I then was very warm on losing my two pound note out of the bag.
Are you perfectly sure that the two pound note you received at Fisher and Wells' you put in that bag.
Yes.
Was that the two pound note that was missing.
It was.
I do not know whether any thing material passed between you and the prisoner.
I do not know any thing particular than I saw he was frightened, Mr. Swinton being there at the time I mentioned it to him; I went to the Mansion house about half past one, I had a coach and I went there very fast.
How soon was the prisoner taken up.
Not on that day, it was the next day.
When you returned from the Mansion house to your own house was the prisoner there.
He was, not knowing where I had been; on the next day I applied to Weatherfield, I sent him to my house, I told him that was his prisoner, Weatherfield, with Kimber, another officer, searched him.
Did you see any thing found upon the prisoner.
I saw the note directly it was found.
You did not actually see them find the note.
No.
Where did the prisoner Hall live.
I do not exactly know the number, in the Borough; I attended the search of his house in company with the same two officers, and in a chest of drawers on the first floor I found a silver spoon which belonged to me.
You are a dealer in medicines are you.
Yes.
What sort of medicines.
Dr. Brodum's nervous cordial.
And all Mr Swinton's medicines.
I did not come here about that.
I must question you about that although you do not like it, you succeeded Mr. Swinton in business.
Yes.
You sell Dr. Brodum's cordial, and all Mr. Mr. Swinton's medicines.
Yes.
He had the misfortune to become a bankrupt lately.
Yes, the commission took place after Christmas.
How long have you lived in the house before that.
Last March was a twelvemonth.
Then you lived there nine or ten months before you commenced business.
Yes.
A partner in the business.
No.
Never a partner, were you housekeeper to him.
No, nothing to him.
Only in the same house
No, in the adjoining house, he lived at 45 and 1 at 46; I lived three years before that with Mr. Swinton, I was his housekeeper six months.
When you missed this two pound note you were very angry.
Yes.
You told him you had lost a two pound note, and we were told while you were out of court that he absconded, whoever said that told a falsity.
Yes.
No fault of yours; you went to the lord-mayor that day.
Yes, I did not see the lord-mayor, here was nobody at the mansion house nor at Guildhall, the next day I got an officer.
When the officer came in the room where was the hat laying.
It was laying very close to where he was, I cannot say that I saw it there, it was not found till some minutes after the officers came.
Was not Mr. Swinton there.
He was there when the officer was there.
Do not you happen to know that Mr. Hall is a principal witness in support of Mr. Swinton's commission of bankruptcy.
I do not know that.
Is that as true as all that you have told us.
Certainly.
Is there no communication from a door between the two houses.
No.
Is there a communication between the two yards.
There was not at the time Mr. Swinton lived there, but since December last there has been a communication; I have the use of the yard since Mr. Swinton left it.
Does not Mr. Swinton live in one of the houses now.
No.
Have not you kept out of the way to avoid appearing before the commissioners of bankrupts respecting Mr. Swinton's debts.
I have not.
Do you know that the young man has given information to the assignees of Mr. Swinton's concealing his effects, and of your assisting him.
I know nothing of the kind.
Do you mean to say that you never heard that he gave information of that.
I have heard it about a week or a fortnight back, I believe it came from his own mouth.
No, it came from better mouths than either his or yours; this young man was your clerk at Christmas, and from then you would have us believe that Mr. Swinton had nothing to do with the business; upon your oath did not Mr. Swinton settle the accounts with him from Christmas last.
No, never, except it might be a week or two I was out of town, and then Mr. Swinton gave it to me.
You have given a large sum of money for this situation, what situation have you been in before this.
I have been a housekeeper to Mr. Swinton, not because I was obliged to do it.
Who do you pay the rent to.
To Mr. Emden of Furnival's inn.
The prisoner went away from his business on the Tuesday and came again on the Wednesday.
Yes.
At which time the officer took him, was Mr. Swinton there when the note was found.
Not exactly, he was as near as me.
He had been in the room with the officer.
Yes.
What time of the day was it.
I suppose about half past nine in the morning.
Had Mr. Swinton been in the room before the note was found in the hat.
No, I was the first person that went into the room when the officer came, Mr. Swinton was in the house at that time.
Hall had left your house on the Tuesday night, at his usual time he came again the next day and brought the note which you charge him with taking in his hat.
Yes.
I am a sheriff's officer. On the 10th of June Mr. Swinton desired me to assist Kimber in taking the prisoner into custody; we apprehended him in Mr. Swinton's house in Salisbury square.
You say at Mr. Swinton's house.
That is where they fell the Daffy's elixir.
What part of the house was he in when you took him in custody.
He was in the front parlour.
Who was in the front parlour besides you and Kimber and the prisoner.
Mr. Swinton and Mrs. Kerslake.
Did you see him searched.
I did, there was a two pound bank note found in his hat, the hat was upon a box about two yards from where the prisoner sat, Mr. Swinton called me out of the room and told me to search him closer, for he was sure he had not time enough to make away with it, he had not time enough to pass the note away.
You have got a paper in your hand, is that the note you found in the hat.
It is.
Who was it that fetched you on Tuesday evening.
Mr. Swinton came on the Tuesday, I was out, he came again on the Wednesday morning.
You and Kimber proceeded to search the prisoner.
Yes, we found him in the parlour and Mr. Swinton, we searched him.
I dare say when Kimber and you were searching him, you were very attentive to what you were about.
We were.
And being attentive to what you were about, you did not keep your eye upon the hat.
We did.
You went out of the room before you found the note in the hat; while you and Kimber were searching who was attending the hat.
I did.
You did not stand watching the hat as I stand watching my bag.
No.
After he was searched Mr. Swinton took you out of the room, and said, I know he has not had time to pass it away.
Yes, and he said he suspected it was about the hat.
And then he came with you, who was it that suggested first upon looking into the hat.
It was me, the hat was laying with the open part upwards, I searched the hat first of all between the hat and the lining, then I saw the leather which is over the lining, I put my finger there and the note came out.
It would not take long putting in there you know.
I cannot say nothing about that.
It was put snug there, so that it could not be perceived by the wearer.
It could not he perceived by any body.
What are you.
I am constable of the city of London.
On the 10th of June were you called upon to attend at Mrs. Kerslake's house in Salisbury-square.
I do not know whose house it was, I went to No. 46, at the shop where Daffy's elixir is sold, I searched the prisoner and found nothing on him.
At the time that you began searching the prisoner what persons were in the room.
Mr. Swinton, Mrs. Kerslake, Weatherfield, myself, and the servant maid; I was present when the hat was searched, I saw the note pulled out by Weatherfield; the same persons were present when the hat was searched; I took the prisoner to the Counter, I then went to the prisoner's house 250, Bermondsey-street, Mr. Swinton, Mrs. Kerslake, and Weatherfield went with me, we searched his house, and in a room up stairs in a chest of drawers we found a silver table spoon, I presented the spoon to the lady, and afterwards I gave it to Weatherfield.
(to Weatherfield) Did you receive the spoon from the last witness.
I did, I produce it.
It is my spoon, we had a careless servant, she used my spoons in the kitchen in the common way, she notched the edge of it; and this is the note I received at Messrs. Fishers's and Wells, I observe here is some casting up at the back of it.
There is no mark on the spoon, there is no cyphers nor crest, you cannot swear to the spoon, because your cook stirred the pot with it you are not the only person that has had a careless servant that used a spoon in that way, how long had you missed this spoon.
About three months.
We do not find any notch on the spoon.
(to Kimber) When you searched the prisoner you found a pocket book, have you got the pocket book.
I never had the pocket book in my possession.
Upon your oath did not you give it to Mr. Swinton or to Mrs. Kerslake.
I cannot say.
He gave it to me, I gave it back to the prisoner.
Did not you take out all the memorandums, and give them to Mr. Swinton.
I gave two memorandums to Mr. Swinton, he said it was his weekly accounts; Mr. Swinton took them.
Were you present at the time the prisoner at the bar was searched at Salisbury-square.
Part of the time I was, I partly saw him searched.
During the time that you was there was any thing produced by either of the officers as being found upon him elsewhere.
There was a paper containing a copy of weekly accounts in red ink of Mrs. Kerslake's, I gave it to Mrs. Kerslake.
(to Mrs. Kerslake) Have you got it here.
No, I believe I have destroyed it; it was only figures in red ink.
He has been in the habit of keeping the same account with me.
Did you desire the constable to take up the hat.
I did not to my recollection, nor any body else in my hearing.
Was there a note produced.
There was a note produced in the parlour; I do not recollect seeing it found; it was shewn to me after it was found.
Upon your oath had you ever seen that note before it was produced to you by the constable.
I never had.
When did this happen.
I am not quite perfect as to the day, it was on the 11th I believe.
You had been in the house on the 10th.
I believe I had.
Do you not know that you had.
I am not certain, I must have been there.
I know you must have been there.
I had been there because I went over the water with Mrs. Kerslake to the Borough.
What time were you there.
I was there in the morning, at noon, and in the evening.
And by accident you was there the next morning.
I was there expressly for the purpose the next morning.
Then it was not by accident you were there the next morning.
No.
I suppose you told the officer to search, and you, and Mrs. Kerslake retired to another room.
I called them out and told them to be particular in searching, for one grand reason, because I knew him to be a very artful man.
When was it Mr. Swinton that you had the misfortune to become a bankrupt.
It was sometime in March that the commission was issued.
You were anxious to get the commission superseded.
I do not know whether I am obliged to give you an answer, if his lordship orders it I shall.
Do you not know that Hall had given an unfavourable account of you on the 10th of June.
I knew it on the 11th when his house was searched.
Perhaps you do not know that Mr. Hall had given any information of your concealing your property.
I did not at that time; I knew it on the 11th, I traced it by a letter to Mr. Hindman, and also a letter to the solicitor of the stamp office, wherein Mr. Hall had given information of Mrs. Kerslake selling medicines without stamps, whereas he had concealed these stamps.
How long has this been Mrs. Kerslake's house.
I think she took it of Mrs. Steele, who was a tenant of mine.
You have visited this young man in Newgate.
No.
In the Counter then I suppose
I did, twice.
Now, Mr. Swinton, I ask you this question, attend to the question, and give a deliberate answer, did you upon either of the occasions upon your visiting him in the Counter, tell him that you would forbear prosecuting him, provided he would sign a paper tendered by you to him, respecting all that he had sworn, denying what he had sworn before the commissioners.
I never said any thing to him, he put the question to me, he asked me to forfeit my recognizance, I said how can you expect that of me when you have acted so unjustifiable; I never did tender a paper to him, I sent my son with a paper for him to sign, but without any conditions annexed to it, my counsel has the paper at this moment, my son brought it back unsigned. (A paper handed to the witness.) That is the paper. (The paper read, in court, and two letters sent by the prisoner to the witness.)
Then you wanted this man to sign a paper that he had been guilty of perjury, without holding out any promise whatever.
I did.
You told me that Mrs. Kerslake took this house last May twelvemonth, of Mrs. Steele, who was a tenant of your's, who paid the rent of that house.
The two last half years she has paid the rent to Mr. Emden of Furnival's-inn.
Do you mean to tell me, upon your oath, that Mrs. Kerslake has ever paid you any rent for that house, to you bona fide payment, aye or no; I am asking about the rent of that house she took of Mrs. Steel, whom you say was your tenant, while Mrs. Steel was your tenant she was to pay it to you; has Mrs. Kerslake paid you any rent.
No, she has paid it to Mr. Emden, who purchased the house of me, I did not wish it to he known, I disposed of it to Mr. Emden, about two years ago.
Did not you direct Weatherfield to search the hat.
I desired him to search his hat, his neckcloth, and every where else.
You are the son of Mr. Swinton, do you know the hand writing of Mr. Hall.
I have frequently wrote at the same table with him.
Did you accompany your father to the Counter.
I did.
Was the prisoner Hall there.
He was.
Was any thing said by your father to induce Hall to make the communication, whatever it might be, that was made.
No.
Was that communication, whatever it might be, afterwards reduced to writing.
It was, I heard the communication made by Hall, and what was reduced to writing was the communication made by Hall in my presence, as near as possible, word for word.
Is this the paper.
It is, I took it to Mr. Hall, I asked him whether he would swear to the contents of this paper; he read it over and said he had no objection, except at the beginning something about Mrs. Kerslake, he said my father ought to come himself, and then he would have done it.
Without any sort of promise made by your father, he opened his mouth and said all this.
No, he began crying when my father went in, and said how good a master he had been to him.
You did not ask him to sign it.
No, I only asked him to swear to it, I wanted him to write it down, I did not want him to copy that, but to write it out of his own head.
He said he would swear to it if your father came.
Yes.
You did not tell your father that he had refused to sign it.
No, I told my father if he would go he would do it, I never asked him to sign it, but to swear it when he had writ it over.
My observation to that is, that it is all false. When I was in the Poultry Counter I wrote to Mr. Swinton to come there, that was only to know from him what he had put me there for; at that time I never knew what it was for. On Tuesday morning Mrs. Kerslake had been out twice, once she went out to market, she put some money in a canvas bag, which Mr. Swinton bought for the purpose during the whole time I settled the books with him, and she was put out of the way that she should not be subpoena'd; I said to Mrs. Kerslake I do not think you have lost the two pound note, Mr. Swinton said, no d - n her, she has not lost the two pound note no more than you have; about half an hour after that he said, will you go up and look for Dr. Brodum's day book, he said you had better take off your coat you will dirty it; I thought he was making fun of me, it was an old coat, I would not, I was going up, he said stop till my son Anthony comes in; then he sent me down to fill some bottles with Dr. Brodum's medicines, when Mr. Swinton said I might go home early that evening if I liked, as he had some gen-men coming there, consequently I went home about six o'clock that evening; the next morning I went in at the back gates (there is a communication made backwards to convey the goods from one house to the other, neither is the business at this time Mrs. Kerslake's no more than it is mine; Mrs. Kerslake keeps false books to shew the commissioners, which she has shewed me), when I went in that morning I laid my hat down, he (Swinton) said, Mr. Hall you had better go down and fill some nervous; before I had done that, he said to me, have you written out these false accounts to give the assignees, I said I have not, he said will you be so good as to write them out now, I made half a dozen pens out of some quills, I said to Mrs. Kerslake will you have the goodness now to let me have the writings to copy, she said I should have them presently, she walked out again, I sat down for about twenty minutes or half an hour, she came to the door herself with two constables, she says there is your prisoner, I give you charge of him; they searched me, and while I took off my coat Mr. Swinton tapped the officer on the shoulder, took him out in the passage and came back again, he says where is your pocket book, I gave them the pocket book, they took out a paper containing an account of what I I had received and paid, after that he tapped the man on the shoulder again, and took him out, and when he came in he said where is your hat, I said that is my hat, with that he took hold of my hat, takes out a paper, he says this is it, and took and gave it to her, he then asked Mrs. Kerslake what the note was.
Were you in the Counter at the time this young man was there.
Yes.
What are you.
I am a gentleman's servant, I have the care of Mr. William Wells , an insane proctor of Doctors' commons.
You say you was in the Counter at the same time that Mr. Hall was there, do you remember Mr. Anthony Daffy Swinton coming there.
I do, on the 12th of June I heard him say if he would sign a paper on his bankruptcy, he would not come against him, he then treated the prisoners with two gallons of porter, I was one among the rest; he gave the turnkey seven shillings, and what remained out of that he gave the prisoner at the bar; I saw Mr. Swinton there more than four times.
Were you tried here yesterday.
I was for a rape, and I was acquitted.
