Where do you live
At Hawkeshead in Lancashire.
Do you know the prisoner Fenton
Yes, I know him very well. I was present when he was married in the year 1797.
Have you the register of his marriage
I have. I was at the marriage, and signed the marriage.
From whom had you the register
From the minister of the parish; I wrote my name as a witness of the marriage. This is the register of Robert Fenton -
Robert Fenton of this parish, husbandman, and Mary Pool of this parish, spinster, was married in this church by banns, this 22nd of March in the year 1797, by me Bragg White, minister. - This marriage was solemnized between us, Robert Fenton and Mary Pool , in the presence of John Turner and George Renney .
Is Mary Pool still living
I saw her on Saturday morning as I set off from Lancashire to come to London; he has two children by her.
Do you know how long he staid with her
It may be seven years; I am not certain.
Did you know them intimately while they lived together
Yes.
Do you know how long he lived with her after they were married
Not seven years; three or four years or more.
Do not you know that they agreed to part, and that there was a separate maintenance
I never heard of any deed of separation; he sent her away only with her clothes.
You are a relation of her's - A. I married her sister.
What do you mean by saying that he sent her away
He sent her to her mother's only with her clothes; she lived at Hawkeshead, about forty miles from her mother's.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar
I do; I first knew him in the year 1802.
Were you ever married to him
Yes, I was, on the 19th of February 1803, at St. James', Clerkenwell , by banns.
How long had he paid his addresses to you before you was married
About six months.
How long did you live with him
About two years and a half.
You have seen him write, I presume, often
Yes.
Did you on some occasion receive that letter from him
I did; it is his hand writing. I had made application to him for pecuniary assistance; he had taken away all my clothes; I had neither clothes, money, nor friends.
Your clothes had been provided by him during the time you lived with him - A. No, they were not.
You were in service at the time he married you
Yes.
You had no fortune, I presume
I had plenty of good clothes, and money in my pocket.
But no great fortune
No. [The letter read.]
Have you been able to find him
He was not found by me, but by his third wife.
Were you able to discover him
No.
Did you try to find him
I took out a warrant against him about a twelvemonth ago.
Did you not try before that twelvemonth ago
Yes; I went down to Romford where he resided; in consequence of that he left Romford; then I could not find him.
