I am an excise officer: On the 24th of October, I surveyed the stock of Messrs. Basire and Haydon, and found a deficiency of 181 pounds of black tea.
How many chests would that amount to?
About a couple of chests; they run-about ninety pounds each.
You only know from your book?
Yes; I know from my memory.
You do not know from memory what there was when you surveyed before?
No.
Is your book here?
No.
- I am servant to William Basire and William Haydon: I took stock on the 9th of October; there was not then any deficiency; we had a porter of the name of William Brady; he was discharged on Saturday previous to the 24th of October; there was no stock taken between the 9th and 24th; there was then deficient one chest of congou tea, and one chest of fouchong tea. On Monday, the 27th of October, I saw a chest of tea at the Mansion-house, the property of Messrs. Basire and Haydon.
Can you say that it was in your warehouse on the 9th of October?
No, I cannot, but there was no deficiency upon that day, (the chest produced); here is a mark of my making with a marking-brush, \"13,\" on the 26th or 27th of March last, that signifies the 13th break.
Can you say whether any of that break was sold by your master?
Not one single chest; we have made all the enquiries we could after Brady, but have not been able to find him.
I suppose you know what the stock is, from what the surveyor tells you?
I always take stock with the surveyor.
I take it, when the surveyor came, you did not know the exact number of chests then in the warehouse?
No.
Your master has sold a great number of chests since the month of March last?
Yes, but not of that break.
Is it not by comparing the entries on time with abother, that you find there is any tea missing?
I could not ascertain that any tea was missing till I took the stock.
Then it is by comparison with the book?
Yes.
Then I trust your Lordship will strike this evidence out, as not being the best that the nature of the case affords.
Certainly not.
Are you sure, without examining any books, that there was any tea missing?
Yes.
I keep the Rummer on Old Fish-street-hill: On the Sunday before the loss of the tea was discovered, the prisoner came to my house, and desired me, if any person should call to enquire for a man of the name of Brady, who had come to my house that morning before - he had hurt his leg, and was brought to my house in a coach - to send him over to his house, No. 9, Labour-in-vain-court; in the afternoon I saw the prisoner go out in a coach; on Monday and Tuesday I met them again walking together; at that time I did not know that he was discharged from Mr. Haydon's service.
All that you know is, that the prisoner desired you, if any body came to enquire for Brady, to send them to his house?
Yes.
I am under-marshal of the City of London: On Friday the 25th of October, in consequence of an anonymous letter that I received, I made search after a man of the name of Brady, but have not been able to find him; on Saturday the 25th of October, a little before one, I went to the prisoner's house, No. I, Labour-in-vain-court, Old Fish-street-hill; I knocked at the door, and the prisoner came himself, and I asked him if his name was Dunn, which he denied, but finding a change in his countenance, I pushed him into the room on the ground-floor, and again challenged him, he acknowledged his name was Dunn; I then told him I had received information that morning, that he was a common receiver of stolen goods, and that I was come to search his lodgings, he has the apartment on the ground-floor, he said he had no other; the landlady came down and in his presence acknowledged the same; there was no appearance of any business; he prosessed to be a working plumber and glazier; I had Read the officer with me, we found this chest of tea under the head of the bed; I asked him how he came by it, and where was the permit for it; he said, he had no permit, he bought it of a stranger by Queenhithe; I asked him who the man was; he said, he knew nothing of him; the chest is full of tea, the head of the chest I found at the fire side, to burn; I then took the tea in a coach to the Mansion-house, and he was examined and committed.
Q. What is the weight?
One hundred and eleven pounds weight gross, the care is twenty-four pounds.
Do you believe that to be the tea of that break?
I believe it is.
Do you mean to say that there is no other tea like that furnished to your master?
No.
Do you mean to swear to tea?
I believe it to be the same.
The exciseman takes stock every fourteen days?
Yes.
The officer may make a mistake in taking the stock?
Yes.
And, if there is a decrease, they cut off your credit?
It is deducted.
Do you take stock with the officer?
Yes.
What do you do with those chests after the tea is taken out?
We pack the chests up and send goods into the country.
Do you never sell them?
Yes.
Does it appear to be packed as originally it was packed in China?
I believe it is.
