I am a publican , I live at the George in Brook street, Holborn . On the 18th of November the prisoner came to my house along with another person, they had some liquor, after that they were dividing money; the prisoner and the other person ordered a pot of beer to No. 1, Warden court, at Mrs. Billington's; he gave me a five shilling piece and I gave him the difference. That is all I can say.
I am pot boy to Mr. Wise, in Brook street. Master called me to take a pot of beer to Mrs. Billington's. No. 1, Warden court; when I took the pot of beer in they told me to bring half a pint of gin; I went for the half pint of gin and brought it them; he gave me a shilling and said I need not be particular and bring him the change, he would call for it, and if he did not call in a quarter of an hour, to bring it; I gave my mistress the shilling and she gave me the four pence; I was going in the tap room, the prisoner came in, and I said I have got; your four pence, I gave it him; he went to my mistress and ordered half a pint of gin and peppermint, and a pot of beer, and change for a one pound note: I took the gin and peppermint and change to the house; the prisoner and another person and Mrs. Billington was at tea; the prisoner shared out the gin and peppermint, took some himself, and took the change, the prisoner came to the door and put into my hands this piece of paper for a pound note, I went to the light to see what it was and I saw it was a piece of paper; I ran after the prisoner and told him to stop; he ran past me, I called out stop thief; Mr. Watts stopped him. I am sure he is the person that put into my hand this piece of paper for a pound note.
I am a messenger to the chief cashier's office, bank of England. As I was coming from Chancery lane on Friday the 18th of November, on the right hand side of Holborn, I heard the last witness call out stop thief, I saw the prisoner run from the right hand side to the left; I catched hold of him by the collar in the middle of the street. I and some other people took him to the George in Brook street, and Mr. Wise sent for a constable.
I am a constable. I took the prisoner in custody; he laid the change on the table and begged I would let him go, he would never do so any more.
What did the change consist of
Two seven shilling pieces and six shillings in silver. The landlord insisted upon taking him to Hatton Garden.
I am an officer of Hatton Garden. The prisoner was delivered into my custody between five and six o'clock on the 18th of November; I searched him, I found five seven shilling pieces, half a guinea and eighteen pence in silver.
Was he in liquor
He was rather in liquor.
I acknowledge that I was at the house. I believe, to the best of my knowledge, I was very much in liquor, I had been out all night; the night before I was at that house and had some beer, but what quantity I do not exactly know. I acknowledge I gave the boy a note, that which I supposed to be a note, I do not know that it was a note. I had money about me, I changed a five pound note the night before. I got into bad company.
