I am an ironmonger , in St. John's-street , the prisoner was my warehouseman and porter ; he lived with me about five years; in consequence of information I received, I attended at Worship-street, on the 17th of October, I found the prisoner there, and some nails were produced to me, such as I usually sold; the prisoner wished to speak to me after he was committed, and I had some conversation with him.
Had you made any promise, any sort of inducement to him to confess?
None; he went down upon his knees and begged forgiveness; he then said he had collected them at different times, as they fell from the cart; he said they were my property; we fell them by weight, and then they are put into a nail bag; he did not say any thing about the steel.
This man has lived with you five years?
Yes.
Nails in their passage from the warehouse to the shop frequently drop?
Yes.
They drop also from the cart now and then?
Not to my knowledge.
The nails are of different sizes?
Yes.
I am one of the patrols; on Saturday the 9th of October, between seven and eight in the evening, I was on duty in Old-street-road; I saw the prisoner with this bag on his shoulder; I stopped him, and asked him what he was carrying, he seemed very much agitated; he at last said they were nails; I asked him where he was going to carry them, he said, he was going to carry them to Mr. Gill, in Old-street, and that he brought them from St. John's-street; I told him, I would go with him to Mr. Gill, he refused going to Mr. Gill's, he said, he would go to a Magistrate's, and would tell them there; at the office, I asked him again where he brought them from, and he said, he had them from a man of the name of Houghton, under Charterhouse-wall, and he was going to carry them to Mr. James, the wheeler's; Mr. Houghton and Mr. James are here.
I am a smith; I never employed the prisoner to carry any nails; he sent for me to the New-Prison, and told me he was stopped going with some nails to the Curtain-road, and he said, he had made use of my name, he said, he had never taken any.
These are the same sort of nails that I had.
I am shopman to Mr. Martin; I found these two steel bars in my master's stable, the prisoner had the key.
