I am a baker , No. 1, New Compton-street: On the 7th of July, as I was coming from Westminster, up St. Martin's-lane, two girls met me, and wanted me to go home with them, the prisoner was one of them; I went home with her to a house in a court, in Whitcomb-street .
What time of the night was it?
About one o'clock in the morning.
Were you in liquor, or sober?
I had been drinking a little, but was not insensible; I was neither drunk nor sober.
How long did you stay there?
It might be a quarter of an hour, or half an hour; while I was in the room, I missed a fifty pound Bank-note that I had in my pocket, I thought of it while I was there; I took it out of my pocket, and looked at it in the room.
Did the woman see it?
I dare say she might see me take out a paper, and put it up again, I put it into my breeches pocket.
Did you perceive her take it?
No, I did not see her hand in my pocket, but presently after I found my pocket inside out.
Had you no suspicion at all at any time?
Yes, at one time I thought I felt her hand about my thigh.
How soon after that was it you perceived your pocket turned inside out?
A very few minutes.
How came you not to withdraw when you had those suspicious?
I thought I was as mindful as I possibly could; when I found my pocket inside out, I accused her of having taken the note; she said she had not got the note; I told her, if she did not give it to me, I would charge the watch with her; I then went down stairs with her, and waited till the watchman came; I never left her till she got to the watch-house; she was searched at the watch-house, but no note was found.
Are you a married man?
My wife is dead.
Have you any children living with you at home?
One.
A boy or a girl?
A girl.
How much had you been drinking that night?
I cannot justly say.
How long you might be at the lodgings of this woman, you do not know?
It might be half an hour.
It might be an hour?
Not so long.
How long had you had this fifty pound note?
I had taken it the same day.
What had you been drinking?
I had been drinking some beer, and some gin and water.
How long had you been drinking?
Two or three hours, I suppose, chattering and talking.
Upon your oath, were you drunk or sober?
I was not drunk, I was not incapable of business.
What else had you in your breeches pocket - no other money?
No.
The Bank-note you never found again?
No.
Was the note put up in a bit of paper?
Yes.
Are you sure the note was inside the paper at the time you looked at it?
Yes; I did not take the note out, but I saw it inside the paper.
I am one of the patrols of St. Martin's; on the 7th of July, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, by Kilpatrick, a watchman; I went with the constable of the night to search the house; I had never seen the prisoner before to my knowledge.
Was Drake with you?
No.
How did you know where her apartments were?
She told us at the watch-house; I found this bit of paper at the foot of the bed, on the floor, it was up one pair of stairs, I cannot say whether it was the back-room or the front-room, the bed did not appear to have been disturbed.
This is the paper the note was wrapped up in; here is some of my own scribbling upon it.
What was the state of Drake at that time?
He was drunk.
Very drunk?
He did not appear to be sensible.
The woman herself told you where her lodgings were?
Yes.
I went into a watering-house, and saw this man and another girl drinking together, and I came away; after that, I saw him again by himself, very much intoxicated, and he wanted me to take him home with me, I took him to a house in a court in Whitcomb-street, and he made me a small compliment, and then wanted it back again; and because I would not give it him back again, he said I had robbed him; and as we came down the stairs he turned his breeches-pockets inside out, and they were full of holes.
