I am a journeyman silversmith , I work for Mr. Brent; I keep a house, No. 66, John-street, Blackfriars-road, the property was taken from my little girl.
How old are you?
Eight years of age.
Do you know how you shall be punished if you swear that which is false?
Yes, in a place of torment.
Is that a place where had people go that swear that which is false?
Yes. (Sworn.)
Is the last witness your father?
Yes.
Were you ever robbed at any time?
Yes; on a Friday about twelve o'clock, I was going to Mr. Brent's, in Little-Britain, with some silver knife handles, a book, and a bag of silver filings; the handles and the filings were in a bag; when I got to the end of Bridge-street , the girl pulled my hand away from my frock.
Look round and see if you can see the girl?
That is her, (pointing to the prisoner;) then she took the bag out of my lap, and ran away towards Fleet-market; then I ran home and told my father.
Did the girl say any thing at the time?
No.
Had you ever seen her before?
Yes.
And she knew you?
I do not know, I am sure.
Where had you seen her before?
In Lombard-street, at the City-arms.
How came you to see her there?
Mr. Peatt took me in.
Was that before or after you were robbed?
After; I had never seen her before.
Look at the girl again, tell me if you are sure she is the same girl?
Yes.
I am a constable: On Tuesday the 29th of July, the prisoner was brought to me at the watch-house, at near twelve o'clock at night; I asked her if she had got the handles, she said, no, she had sold them.
Did you tell her it would be better for her to confess?
I did.
Then you must not tell us a word she said?
I searched her, but found nothing upon her.
I live within three doors of the prisoner; on Sunday, the prisoner told me she had found some handles; the woman that she lodged with was with her; I heard of the child being robbed, I took her into custody upon suspicion, and delivered her into the hands of Mr. Peatt.
I took the prisoner in out of charity, she used to lie about upon the stairs, or anywhere; I sent her to her sister's, and when she came back, she said she had found some silver handles, and that she had been to try to sell one of them at a silversmith's shop, the corner of Houndsditch; I went to the gentleman's shop, and told him, she was going to a place that night, and a little something would be of great use to her, and she was to go again in the evening; when I came home, she told me she had got more, and that she had put them in my drawers; I told her she had done a wrong thing; I sent them back to her, in St. Clement's church-yard, by a person of the name of Catherine Blasden .
Did you not look into the bag?
No.
I live at No. 18, Minories, near Tower-hill; Catherine Blasden , against whom the Grand Jury have thrown out the bill, came to me on the 25th of July, between four and five, and offered for sale this knife handle; I stopped it, and Blasden came in the evening and brought the prisoner with her; the prisoner then had, in her possession, this bag and book, (producing them;) she told me
Did you tell her, it would be better for her to confess?
I did.
Then you must not tell us what she said.
I keep a silversmith's shop in Shoreditch; on Saturday the 26th of July, the prisoner, with another woman, came into the shop, and asked me if I bought old silver, it was some time in the afternoon, but I cannot say the hour; I told her, I did; she then shewed me part of three knife handles; I asked her how she came by them, and she, and the other woman that was with her, said, they had found them, and that her mother had sent her to sell them; I weighed them, they weighed fourteen penny-weight, I gave her 4s. 3d. for them, which is 5s. an ounce.
Have you brought it here?
No; the old silver that we buy in the course of the week, we always pay away on the Monday morning to different workmen.
I am a licensed hawker; I know nothing of the prisoner; all I know is against Catherine Blasden.
I am a pawnbroker's servant; on the 25th of July, the prisoner came to my master's shop, No. 2, Gracechurch-street, at near one o'clock, and offered me two silver knife handles; I asked her where she got them, she told me, her mistress sent her with them; I asked her where her mistress lived, and she said, No. 2, in Thames-street; she said her mistress had given them her in a hurry; I sent her to fetch her mistress, and she came back again, and brought ten more; there, says she, now you see my mistress has sent me, sore here is the whole dozen, they had M. B. upon them; I would not take them in; I told her, I should stop her, but by some means or other, her talking to me for half an hour, I let her have them again.
I am a perfumer and hardware-man; I have got two handles that I bought of two girls, but I cannot say that the prisoner was one of them. (The property was deposed to by Higgins.)
I found them in a bag, at the corner of Gracechurch-street.
