I live in the Minories : On Friday morning, the 1st of November, my house was broke open; I had seen every thing fast the night before; I had lost a great many articles of property, to the value of two hundred and ten pounds; we found an iron crow upon the premises which corresponded with the marks upon the door.
I am a hackney-coachman: On the 31st of October, I drove the coach, No. 66; between twelve and one at night I was hired by the prisoner Hall; I was standing in the Minories; Jones and Chapman were with him; I was hired to go to near the top of Crown-street, Finsbury-square; they told me it was to take some smuggled goods; I went to Crown-street; it was near four o'clock at that time; they took three bundles out of the coach, and I saw a crow taken out.
Whose house was it, in Crown-street?
A person of the name of Batt; they took the bundles into the house, and the crow; then I went away; I afterwards went with the officers to the house, and shewed it to them; two of them were then taken in the house.
On the 1st of November last, I lived at No. 19, Crown-street, Finsbury-square.
Do you know the three men who were tried on Thursday last?
Yes; they came to my house about five in the morning, as nigh as I can recollect; they came, I believe, in a coach; I heard a coach stop at the door; they had several bundles with them.
Did you see either of them with a crow?
I cannot recollect; they left the bundles in the house.
Do you know Mr. Palmer when you see him?
Yes; that is him. (Pointing to the prisoner.) I saw him in the evening of that day, the 1st of November; he came to our house about these things; Jones was with him; Palmer and Jones went up three pair of stairs, where the goods were; I heard Mr. Palmer bid fifteen guineas, that was all that I heard; they staid together about half an hour, as well as I can recollect; the goods remained till the Sunday evening following; there was a promise of half-a-guinea from Palmer to take care of the goods.
Do you know that, of your own knowledge?
No, my husband told me so; they were then removed to Mrs. Boreham's.
All that you know, with respect to this business, is, that he offered fifteen guineas?
Yes.
And then he went away, and there was no agreement made?
None at all.
He was not present when the goods were removed afterwards, or any thing done respecting them?
No, he was not.
Your husband is not here, is he?
No.
Where is he?
I do not know.
It would not be very safe to trust to any thing he says, because he is a man of infamous character?
He always worked very hard for his living; I have been in prison ten weeks.
Were you married before your husband was here last time?
I have been married twenty-four years.
You were married to him before he was here?
He was here through being very much distressed.
Is he the same man who was convicted here of coining?
He was my husband.
I do not know whether the last time was for putting the stamp of his Majesty's head upon a dollar?
I had nothing to do with that.
I am one of the city constables: I went to Mr. Batt's house on Monday, the 4th of November, in Crown-street; I searched the house; in the front room, up one pair of stairs, where I saw Hall and Chapman, I found this piece of paper with a piece of check upon it, and a ticket with some writing upon it; then I went up stairs into Batt's work-shop in the garret, and there I found this head of a piece of cloth with a ticket upon it, and I found an iron crow.
The same things you produced upon the last trial, you produce now?
Yes; and in the bed-room I found a pocket-book; (produces it;) I went to Mr. Palmer's, on Safforn-hill, and searched his house, but I found nothing there; he was at home; Mr. Smith, Mr. Fearnley, and Mr. Laycock were with me when I was examining Mr. Palmer's papers and drawers; I said to him, you deal largely in this way; no, says he, I do not know; says I, you are one of the first going now; he told me, if he did, he did not do any at home; in coming along in the coach, I think he said, he might have had them, but he did not.
Did he say what?
No; I told him that I was well convinced he had had the whole of them.
Did you understand him to mean that they had been offered to him, but he had refused them?
Yes.
I am a salesmam and slop-seller: I was present at the search of Palmer's house, with the prosecutor and several officers; after we had been in the house some time, one of the officers said, Mr. Palmer, you do a great deal of business in this way, you are almost one of the first; the reply that Palmer made was, that he did business, and seemed to signify in the way that the officer meant; but that he never did it at home.
Those are the very words, are they?
I cannot take upon myself to be positive.
Was it not, if I do, I never do it at home?
I cannot say.
You lived with Jones, who has been convicted?
Yes.
Do you remember at any time receiving any paper from your husband?
Yes; on the 2d of November.
What sort of a paper?
I do not know, I am sure; I am no scholar.
Look at this paper, and tell me if it was like it?
I cannot say; I cannot read or write.
What did you do with that paper?
I left it with Mrs. Williams, on the Sunday morning.
Was it a paper of that size?
Yes.
I live at No. 1, Duke's-court, Crown-street, Finsbury-square: I received a paper from Mrs. Jones on Sunday morning, the 3d of Novem ber, about eleven o'clock, she desired me to keep it for her till Monday morning; she was going out to dinner.
Look at that paper attentively?
I cannot write; but there was Lombard-street at the top, and, to the best of my knowledge, there was Palmer at the bottom.
Do you recollect for what sum it was?
Yes, for ten pounds ten shillings; I am very clear of it, for I keep a coal-shed, and take many notes; she gave it me in a little box, I took it out and looked at it, and put it into a drawer, which is locked up.
Had you any other paper in that drawer?
No; I had not one note at the time; on the Monday morning it was called for between light and dark, early in the morning, I was in bed.
Were you able to hear the voice of the person who called for it?
Yes, it was Mr. Jones.
The same Mr. Jones who has been convicted for this offence?
Yes, the same man; I called to my little boy, and gave him the keys to get at it.
How old are you?
Twelve.
Is it a good thing or a bad thing to tell a lie?
bad thing.
Do you know your catechism?
Yes.
Do you know Mr. Jones?
Yes; he called one Monday morning, at my mother's, for a note that was left; I went to the drawers and got the note, and gave it to him; my mother gave me the keys.
Do you know if that is the same note?
I did not see it, it was in a little box; I gave him box and all.
I am clerk in Messrs. Esdaile's house.
Do you know the prisoner?
I have some flight knowledge of him.
Did he keep cash at your house?
Yes.
Look at that check - is that Palmer's handwriting?
It is, or I should not have paid it; his are all drawn payable to numbers; I paid it on the 4th of November.
It is a very common thing to draw payable to numbers?
We pay more to names than numbers.
I have drawn many myself payable to numbers.
I am totally innocent.
