I am a dissenting minister , at Ratcliff ; I lodged in the house of Edward Tindal; the prisoner had been a servant in the house about five months: On the 27th of May, I received information, in consequence of which, I applied to an officer of the Police-office, his name is Riley; he went with me to my lodgings, in the way we saw the prisoner, in company with another woman, she was going towards home; I called to her, and ordered her to follow us; upon entering the house, and the officer addressing her, charging her with the robbery, she produced a pocket-book with thirty-two duplicates in it, upon which she was taken before the Magistrate, and upon the second examination committed for trial.
Did these duplicates lead to the discovery of the property?
Yes.
You are not a married man, I suppose?
Why do you ask that question?
Are you a married man?
I am.
Do you live with your wife now?
No.
Does the prisoner live with you or your wife?
With me.
Did that prisoner ever live with you, when you and your wife lived together?
No.
How long have you ceased to live with your wife?
Ever since the 28th of March.
Did you leave your wife, or your wife leave you?
She left me.
Did she not leave you in consequence of a complaint that she made, respecting you and the prisoner at the bar?
No.
Do you continue to live in the same place?
Yes.
The prisoner continued to live with you?
Yes.
What became of the keys of your drawers after your wife left you?
The keys of the drawers, that contained the linen, the servant had, or at least knew where they were, they were placed in the drawer of the dressing-glass.
Upon your oath, did you not give them to her, and desire her to take care of your household affairs?
I must desire those questions may be separated, because they are distinct.
I ask you, upon your oath, did you, or did you not desire the prisoner to take the management of your household affairs upon herself?
Yes, of course, as I had no other person in the house; I kept her for that purpose to take care of my house.
Upon your oath, did you not tell her she should be mistress of all you had?
No, upon my oath.
Do you mean to swear that?
I do.
Is the landlord of the house attending here?
No.
Do you know where your wife lives now?
No.
Has your wife made any complaint to you, since she left you, with respect to your conduct towards the prisoner?
Never.
Neither directly, nor indirectly?
Never.
Do you mean to swear, that you did not tell the prisoner, that if she would live with you, and be as a wife to you, that she should have the possession, and be mistress of all you had got?
If it were not for the respect I owe this Court, I would not answer so insolent and impertinent a question, but as I owe that respect to the Court, I say, no; it it is a fabricated circumstance worthy of such a pleader as yourself.
Don't be rude, sir, I stand here to do my duty, and I will do it - I ask you, did you not tell the prisoner, that if she would live with you as a wife, she should be mistress of all you had got?
No, upon my oath.
Upon your oath, have you not cohabited with her?
No.
For what did your wife leave you?
I don't know.
And she never told you why?
She never did.
And that you mean to swear?
Yes.
Upon your oath, did your wife or not, make it a cause of complaint, that she would leave you, unless you altered your conduct, with respect to the prisoner at the bar?
Never.
Where does your wife live now?
I do not know.
Upon your oath?
I do not; I have heard where she has been seen, but never heard where she resided.
Does any other servant reside in the house?
No; there was one.
Upon your oath, did you not give the prisoner the keys, and the entire dominion of your affairs?
No, she only had one key, and that was of the linen.
Did she not dine at table with you?
No.
Who desired you to take her into custody?
Nobody, it was upon information.
Was it not upon the advice of somebody against your own inclination?
No.
Did you take this woman into custody, merely at your suggestion, or that of anybody else?
My own suggestion.
I am servant to a pawnbroker, (produces a great variety of articles;) they were pledged at different times by the prisoner, from the 29th of March, to the 26th of May, in many various names; she has made use of Mrs. Waterman's name, and some in the name of Kelly; I am confident she is the person; there are two articles pledged in the name of Mary Waterman , a table cloth and a silk petticoat.
These things were brought at several times?
Yes.
She pledged part of them as Mrs. Waterman?
No, there are two names to the duplicates; they were pledged for Mary Waterman, by Mary Dandy, on the 23d of April.
I am journeyman to Mr. Mashiter, pawnbroker, in Ratcliff-highway; on the 5th of May last, I took in pawn this ring, in the name of Kelly, but I had no recollection at all of the person; I have the counter part of the duplicate.
I am a pawnbroker's servant, (produces a sheet:) I received it from the prisoner at the bar, I have the counterpart, (produces it;) I know the prisoner very well, her mother lives by my house.
I am a pawnbroker, (produces a sheet;) it was pledged on the 12th of April, I cannot say that the prisoner is the person, it was pledged in the name of Elizabeth Watchman .
I am an officer belonging to the Shadwell Office; I apprehended the prisoner, in company with the prosecutor; he gave me charge of her, and in her possession I found a number of duplicates, (produces them;) here are sixteen that match with Mr. Windsor's, they were examined and found to correspond, before the Magistrate; here are three that relate to the articles pledged at Mr. Mashiter's and Mr. Dickman's, which correspond exactly; I also found a teaspoon in her pocket, when I searched her in the presence of her master, which is not in the indictment.
What did she say at the time?
She said she had certainly made away with them, and gave up the duplicates in the presence of her master, and there was nothing more said.
What conversation had you with her before she made these observations?
I made use of no promises or threats, I know better; she said she had done so, she had made away with the property.
Did she say she had done it at the request of her master?
She did not.
Did she say any thing like it?
She did not.
Did she say she was either the wife or the kept-mistress of Mr. Waterman?
Neither.
He often desired me to buy articles for the house without giving me money, and I could not buy them without money; I was obliged to pledge some things to get money, and he owed me a quarter's wages, and denied paying me, because I wanted to go away.
This silver cup I can swear to, it has my initials upon it; I believe them all to be mine.
