I am porter to Mr. Clement-Samuel Strong , wine-merchant , No. 4, Pancras-lane, and have been these four years: I packed up thirteen bottles of red port wine in a hamper; I was going to Mr. Thomas Cowie 's, No. 9, Cross-street, Hatton-garden, with the hamper; the crowd was very thick all through Newgate-street, and I found great difficulty in getting along; I stopped at the corner of Giltspur-street; the man was expected out of Newgate to go to Execution-dock every minute; I put it off my shoulder on to a cart that was standing there, and the carman told me if I would get up he would only charge two-pence a head; I put my hamper on the cart, and got in myself; I was not five minutes in the cart before I felt the hamper go away from my legs; I turned round directly, and saw the prisoner running away with it upon his shoulder; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I collared him, and before I could get to him there was a hackney-coach turned round from Snow-hill , and knocked him down, and the hamper; as soon as he recovered himself, and got up, I knocked him down again, and served him so two or three times; somebody said I was a cowardly rascal for serving the man so; and Mr. Pugh came up and took care of the hamper while I went after him; I pursued him down Giltspur-street and down Cock-lane; I caught him nearly the bottom of Cock-lane; he was not out of my sight half a minute, only just turning the corner.
Are you sure the hamper he ran away with, was your master's?
It was; I packed it myself.
So you were standing gaping at the poor unfortunate man that was going to be executed?
No; I was there to rest myself, because of the crowd.
And it was solely for the purpose of getting clear of the crowd that you got into the cart?
Yes.
I am a druggist in Old Fish-street: I saw the prisoner at the bar with a hamper, going from towards the Old-Bailey to Giltspur-street; the pole of a hackney-coach that was coming from Snow-hill either run against the prisoner or the hamper, I cannot say which; the prisoner and the hamper both fell together; the prisoner upon getting up as quick as he could, was going off with the hamper; Mr. Strong's man came up to him and struck him violently, and threshed him indeed very severely; he threshed him heartily; he knocked him down, and even struck him when he was down; I conceived the prisoner very ill used, nobody seemed to take his part, and I came forward merely with a view to see the man righted, as I thought; however when I learned the cause, I insisted upon his going after the man, and I took care of the hamper, while he pursued the man.
This is the hamper that I lost; (produces it;) I have had it ever since I received it from Mr. Pugh.
