I am a trunk-maker , in Long-acre : On the 11th of September, I lost a trunk between five and six in the afternoon, from off the railing at the street-door, I was not at home at the time.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Baker; I was coming up Mercer-street, Long-acre, on Thursday, the 11th of September, about half past five o'clock, when I saw the prisoner going up Banbury-court, with a trunk in his hand; I knew the trunk to be my master's; I went home and enquired if the trunk had been sold; my fellow-apprentice missed the trunk, and went and pursued him with me; my fellow-apprentice stopped him in Hart-street; he asked him what he was going to do with the trunk, he said, he had bought it of a groom three hours ago; the prisoner was then secured.
I saw the prisoner with the trunk in his hand, in Hart-street; I stopped him, and asked him how he came by the trunk; he said, what is that to you; I told him it was my master's trunk; then he said, he bought it about three hours ago, and gave a guinea for it; he said, the man was something like a groom; I asked him if he could produce that man to me; he told me it was all a matter of moon-shine to do that; he went into the house and would have a glass of gin, and would not come out without I would drink, I did drink; then he came out and wanted to go up the acre, but I told him he should not go anywhere till he had been with me to the shop; I had seen it at the door not twenty minutes before; I had repaired it the night before, and put it out to day; I am sure it is my master's trunk.
I was coming through Longacre, and a person accosted me at the corner of the court, and asked me if I wanted to buy a trunk, he said I should have it a bargain; he asked me a guinea and a half, and I gave him a guinea for it; I purchased the trunk for the son of the Reverend Mr. Lindsey, at Charlton.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a cabinet-maker, I work with Mr. Platt, No. 29, Greenhill's-rents, I have worked for him five years.
Are you are acquainted with the prisoner at the bar?
No.
How came you to appear as a witness for him?
I saw an advertisement in the paper, on Saturday the 13th. (Mr. Knowlys produced the Morning Herald of that day, the witness read the advertisement.
Did you, in consequence of that advertisement, attend on Monday, at Bow-street?
I did; I was passing by this gateway on the Thursday afternoon, to the best of my recollection, it was about five o'clock, I saw the prisoner and another man.
Are you sure the prisoner was one of the persons?
To the best of my recollection he is the man; I heard the man say a guinea and a half; the prisoner shook his head, and said, it was too much; and that was all I saw or heard of it; I attended at Bow-street, and the Magistrate said it was of no use to give that evidence there, whatever it might do here.
Have you ever been in the habits of intimacy with the prisoner?
Never.
Where had you been that day?
To Piccadilly, upon business for my master, I was going home to the shop in Greenhill's-rents.
You were walking out upon your business?
Yes.
You never saw the prisoner before?
Never.
What gateway was this?
It was the right-hand side coming up from Piccadilly.
How came you to take notice of him?
His dress was remarkable, he had a black waistcoat, and breeches, and stockings, and a light coloured coat, with a velvet collar.
What was there extraordinary in that?
His face was remarkable too.
You did not stop at all?
I did not stop above half a minute.
What did you stop at all for?
Seeing two men with a trunk, excited my curiosity.
What excited your curiosity?
The two men with a trunk.
Does your master take in this paper?
No; I saw the paper at the Castle, in Greenhill's-rents.
Not knowing this man before, and having nothing to excite your attention, you just stopped long enough to hear one may say a guinea and a half, and the other, that it was too much?
That was all.
How was the other man dress?
In a dark-coloured coat.
How far was it from the trunk-maker's?
I do not know the trunk-maker's.
How do you know that that is the same man?
To the best of my recollection he is the same man.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I have been in the mercantile line, I am now retired from business; he has lived with me two years, and was in my service at the time of his apprehension; I had every reason to believe him to be an honest man, he left my house about one o'clock.
