I am a waggoner: On Monday, the 19th of December, the waggon was loaded in the evening at the White Hart, St. John's-street; I loaded the waggon, and the porters brought the goods to me in the waggon; I loaded this box, about six o'clock, on the off side of the waggon between the wheels, about half way under the hoops; the tilt was on, but not all hooped. On Tuesday morning, the 20th. I set off about a quarter before four o'clock; I followed the tail of the waggon, till I got off the stones, with a candle in my hand; I then got into the waggon, with the candle alight open in my hand; I rode on to the Peacock, I believe the sign is, between the Angel and the weigh-bridge. I am sure the box was there then; being very dark, I wished the man that goes with me, to stand at the door while I had my purl; then we went on till we came to the weigh-bridge, I did not get into the waggon again; when I got there, the candle blew out; I went in where the man stands at the gate, and lit it again, the waggon might stop there about a minute; when I got over the stones at Islington, I missed the box; I went back, and met the patrols, who told me, they had got the box, and the man; I am sure the box was there when the waggon stopped at the weigh-bridge; I found the box at the watch-house, and the prisoner in custody; they asked me if I knew the box; I told them, yes; the sheet of the waggon was cut about half a yard in length, and three or four strings that tied it down were cut.
Was it cut sufficiently to let the box out?
Yes.
It was very dark when the waggon went out?
Yes.
How lately had you seen the box before you missed it?
It might be a quarter of an hour.
You are the waggoner?
Yes.
You are not answerable for this property?
No; it is put under my care whilst I get home.
I am a patrol: On the 20th of December, I was stationed at Islington-green , behind the back part of the houses. About three o'clock, I heard there were some loose chaps about the town, and I kept on the watch; we came to the front of the town, in consequence of that. I heard the waggon come by about a quarter past three; we concealed ourselves in a lane, and about half past four, I was standing at the very corner, opposite the watch-house, and saw a man, who has been discharged, and then the prisoner came up to me, laid his hand upon my shoulder, and said, where are they; says he, I have just turned it out in the middle of the road; I did not know the prisoner at the time he spoke, as I took him to be my partner patrol; I was not convinced till my brother patrol immediately ran up from the other corner of the lane, and laid hold of him, and then he said directly, he wanted to ease himself; I was convinced then of his being the man, and secured him; I then ran to take the other, who was in waiting; he was discharged through a good character, and this prisoner declaring he was innocent; my fellow patrol took the prisoner to the watch-house; I went down the town to see if I could find any more of them, but could not; and coming back, my partner called out, I have got the swag; that was the box.
I am a patrol: I heard there were three idle fellows about, and about half past four, we came out by the Wheatsheaf, between the weigh-bridge and the church; I heard some persons talking, and saw three talking together, I am sure the prisoner was one of them; I don't know that I ever saw him; I heard some person move a box on the road at the same time; after that, the prisoner drew from the place, I looked at him all the while, and went up to my partner; he tapped him on the shoulder, and said, where are they? I have turned it out in the middle of the road. I then took him to the watch-house; I went back to the place, and found the box on one side of the road; I took it to the watch-house.
You never saw the prisoner before?
Never, that I know of.
It was very dark?
Yes.
Had you an opportunity, from the light of the night, to observe the person of any man?
Yes, I saw three persons.
I am a porter at the inn; I took this box out of the warehouse, and gave to James Clarke in the waggon; I am sure it is the same box.
Who is the proprietor of the waggon ?
Ann Frood .
I was going to Highgate; the patrol laid hold of me; I told him I was going to ease myself, my breeches were unbuttoned at the time; I was taken to the watch-house.
Immediately after he found we were not his palls, he endeavoured to unbutton his breeches.
