I live at No. 4, Chigwell-street, Ratcliff-highway : The prisoner at the bar lodged with me about twelve weeks.
Do you keep a lodging-house?
We had a spare bed to let for a gentleman, and he hired it of us.
Did you know what business he followed?
I knew him before he lodged with us, he was in a respectable line of life, in the occupation of a linen-draper ; he was out of employ when he lodged at my house.
When he lodged with you, did he sell you any stockings at any time?
He brought home with him last November, a lot of cotton stockings; I selected two pair for my own wear.
How many might there be?
There might be seven, eight, nine, or ten pair, I cannot tell; he told me he had bought them at a sale; I gave him seven shillings for the two pair, (produces one pair) ; the other pair has been washed and worn.
I am a linen- draper, No. 202, High-street, Shadwell.
Look at those stockings. - Do you know them?
I am sure I never sold them; I know they are mine, by my private mark; I missed these stockings and a few others at the time.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes, I have known him some time; he came to my house frequently as a visitor, he called in as he was passing by; I have known him about a twelvemonth.
Do you know what employ he was in at that time?
He was in a situation in Ratcliff-highway during some part of the time, but the latter part he has been out of a situation.
When did you first discover these stockings at the house of Mrs. Watson, where the prisoner lodged?
On the Saturday night prior to the Monday morning he was apprehended: Mrs. Watson called upon me for me to tell her where to find the prisoner, and in the course of conversation I received the information.
How the stockings got from your shop you do not know?
No.
I understood you to say, you have known this person a twelvemonth?
Yes.
Of course you had a good opinion of him, else you would not have suffered him to have visited you?
About a month before he was taken up, I had a good opinion of him.
You have many cotton stockings in your shop?
Yes.
You had sold a great many before this time?
Not cotton stockings.
That had your private mark upon them?
I have not; I cannot swear for my wife, sometimes she serves; I dare say she will swear that she has not.
And sometimes somebody else?
No.
It is no uncommon thing for you to sell them to your customers that deal with you, you deliver them over with your private mark?
These are different stockings, these have got a clock; I had but half a dozen pair of stockings of that make in the whole.
I see you have got the clock upon me now, but that will not do; will you swear that neither you nor your wife had not sold a pair of clock stockings prior to October?
I will not.
