I am a wholesale grocer and tea-dealer , in Upper Thames-street : On Thursday the 18th of the present month, a little before eight o'clock in the evening; the prisoner at the bar was the going home he was brought back, and I saw the sugar taken from him in the cellar, upon the premises, from whence it was taken, he took it out of his stockings himself; his stockings were full of sugar, and a loose pair of trowsers let down over all; upon comparing the sugar, it was impossible to discover any difference.
I am clerk in the house of Wild and company, the firm is James Wild , John Watts , and John Boddy : On the 18th of the present month, I went into that part of the cellar, in which we had formed a stove for drying sugar; I there observed a tub full of raw sugar, covered with a sheer of brown paper; knowing it to be an improper situation for the sugar, I knew there was something wrong, it was a sort of sugar that we do not use for drying; after I came up, I observed the prisoner go there almost instantly, he continued there for half an hour; when he came up again, he was sent into the lamp-room to paper a few loaves; I then went down a second time, and observed, that a considerable quantity of sugar had been taken out of that tub; he was then going home, and had got several yards from our premises, when the other witness and I secured him and brought him back; we took him into the place from whence he had taken the sugar; he denied having any knowledge of the sugar that was missing, till it was felt through the trowsers; I then went for the constable; I felt the sugar under his stockings myself; I am certain, that which remained in the tub, and that which was found upon him, was exactly the same sugar.
How long have you lived with Messrs. Wild and company?
Seven or eight months.
The prisoner lived there before that?
Yes.
Did you weigh the sugar afterwards?
No.
I am an apprentice to the firm of James Wild , John Watts , and John Boddy : On Thursday the 18th of the present month, between seven and eight o'clock, in consequence of suspicions that had been entertained, I stopped him about eight or nine yards from our door; I brought him back, he denied having taken the sugar, and denied having any till it was found upon him; I saw it found, there were twenty-one pounds taken from him; I compared the sugars, and they were exactly alike; from the appearance of it I believe it to be our sugar, but I cannot swear to it; I asked the prisoner if that was the way he served his masters every evening; he said, no, he did not do it above twice a week, sometimes he did not do it above once a fortnight.
Before he told you that, of course you told him, if he would tell the truth, you would forgive him?
No, I did not.
