I am a married woman; I lost these articles mentioned in the indictment.
When had you last seen these things before you missed them.
On the 8th of February at twelve o'clock, and I missed them at one o'clock they were in my back parlour on my bed. I saw them again at the office in Lambeth street.
On Thursday I was sent for to take this woman in custody; I went to a room where she lived in Peter's court, Rosemary lane. I found nothing in the room, but I took her in custody, and as I was bringing her to the office, between seven and eight in the evening, as we went along Rosemary lane I saw her throw something from her in a dark passage that appeared white like linen; I went up the passage and picked it up just as it was throwed down, this habit shirt and three caps. I brought her to the office, and the prosecutrix said it was part of her property that was stolen out of her room.
Do you know that you ever saw the prisoner before.
No.
You do not know how the goods came to be missing.
No.
I am a porter at Billingsgate ; I had been to the Fourteen Stars, I was rather in liquor. Going along I met a woman in a dark brown coat, she was in liquor, she said she knew my husband, she was his countryman; she said will you go along with me, she asked me to pledge some handkerchiefs; I said, I will go and pledge these handkerchiefs at the Fourteen Stars; I went backwards, I shewed them the handkerchiefs, they would not take them in, this woman gave me the handkerchiefs, she staid in the street. I went with her to three pawnbrokers, there was never a one would take it in, they were so old; she gave me these things to take care of till Friday, I did not know that she had stole them, and Mr. Griffith's coming up and taking me, I was frightened; I threw them out of my pocket. I am very innocent, I know nothing of it; if I was to drop down dead I do not know where that woman lives.
A little before three o'clock this woman was brought up with these handkerchiefs, she was discharged, we did not know who they belonged to; I went round to the pawnbroker's, they told me that this woman had been to pledge these handkerchiefs and they would not take them in.
