I am a private in the first regiment of foot-guards : On the 23d of January, I lost three shirts from the sign of the Strip, in Cannon-row; the prisoner and I slept in the same bed; the shirts were tied up in a handkerchief, in a box.
Did you ever see the shirts again?
Yes; John Ellams took him on Wednesday the 27th, and brought him back to the Ship, with one of my shirts upon him; I found the other two shirts at a place where he had sold them.
I lost a shirt, a pair of stockings, and a pair of shoes, at the same time that the last witness lost his shirts, they were tied up in a bundle in the same box; I took him myself four days after, in Palace-yard; a woman, who is here, bought the things of the prisoner.
I keep the Ship, in Cannon-row, where these witnesses were quartered; I let the prisoner the lodging on the 21st of January, and he went away on the 23d, on the 27th of January, I went with John Ellams and another, and apprehended the prisoner; I took him to my house, and sent for a Police-officer; he was searched, and a shirt found upon him belonging to John Barrett; the others I found at a shop where he had sold them.
I am a constable belonging to Queen-square office, Westminster; I was sent for to the Ship in Cannon-row; I searched the prisoner, and upon searching him, I found this pocket-book which he said was his own, he confessed where he had sold these things, but the publican, I understand, had offered him favour, wishing to get rid of it; by the prisoner's direction, I went to a clothes-shop, in Chandos-street, where I found three shirts, and a pair of stockings, which the woman of the shop acknowledged in the presence of the prisoner she had bought of him; I brought them away, and have had them ever since.(Produces them.)
I keep a clothesshop, in Chandos-street; I bought three shirts and a pair of stockings of the prisoner, on Saturday, the 23d of January, about nine o'clock in the morning.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man?
Yes, I gave him seven shillings for them; the officer brought the prisoner to me afterwards, and I delivered them to him.
I am a soldier in the first regiment of guards; I lost a pocket-book from a room in which I slept, from out of my breeches-pocket, I had hung my breeches on a nail by the bed.
How long ago?
A month last Friday.
When did you miss it?
The same hour almost; I saw it again afterwards in the hands of the constable, I immediately knew it to be mine.
