I am a cowkeeper , I rent a farm near the three mile stone, at Holloway; I live in Holborn; the grains were stolen at Holloway turnpike, Islington , on Saturday night the 14th of December; the prisoner is a man that I had hired as a weekly servant ; I ordered him to meet me at the King's-arms brew-house, Whitechapel, at eight o'clock, on Saturday night; he had a load of fifteen quarters of grains, eight bushels to the quarter; I saw them away from the brewhouse about nine o'clock; I had a suspicion of him, for I had missed grains several times before, and I was determined to follow him that night; I kept at the distance of about one hundred and twenty yards; he stopped at the Holloway turnpike, at Islington; just as he went through the turnpike, the clock went eleven; I then kept the distance of about one hundred yards from him; he halted his horses at the Coach and Horses, the second public-house beyond the turnpike, and then jumped up on the cart directly, and loaded some grains into a sack; there was a man of the name of Robert Jones, came up to him to the cart; I saw him go away from the cart to his own house; I waited till Jones came back the second time; as soon as Jones came back the second time to the cart, I jumped right upon him, and secured Jones; upon that Watson jumped out of the cart upon the ground, and ran away; I found a sack of grains loaded in the cart, and three empty sacks.
Did you see any sacks in the cart when he set out?
No; Jones brought the sacks, and then I called the watch to my assistance; the watchman was within ten yards of me, and no watchman came to my assistance; I got a constable, and gave charge of Jones; he had a hearing on Monday at Hatton-garden, and because I would not swear positively that he had any property about him, he was discharged; a day or two afterwards the prisoner came, and voluntarily surrendered himself up.
Can you say, from the appearance of the cart, that there were any grains missing?
Yes, there were; he came and said he was very sorry.
Did you make him any promise?
I told his brother I would not hurt him.
Then you must not tell us what he said. Were the grains in the cart all your's?
Yes.
How long have you known the prisoner?
Ever since the 1st of October.
Who did you buy the grains of?
Mr. Tickler.
Do you know what quantity of grains he received?
I know what I must pay for; I am obliged to take all that they bring.
They were not measured at the time they were delivered to him?
No; but I can tell by the look of the cart whether any grains are gone out of the cart or not.
If the cart is pretty full, the shaking of the cart may throw a little out?
Yes; when they have gone a little way over the stones, they sink, and get lower; but if a shovel or a bushel is taken out of the cart, it may be seen.
The prisoner delivered himself up voluntarily?
Yes; in consequence of my saying I would not hurt him.
Do you not know Jones is upon bail now?
Yes.
