I am the wife of John Hayward : Last Saturday night was three weeks, between twelve and one in the morning, the prisoner followed me down Newgate-street, across the Old-Bailey, and down Fleet-lane; at the bottom of Fleet-lane he asked me to treat him; I said I had no objection; upon that I went in and asked for a glass of gin; the prisoner said he must have a glass of Holland's, which he had; then he followed me out again, and asked me if I would give him the price of a pot of beer; I told him I could not afford it; he followed me up Fleet-lane again, put his arm round my neck, and said, I could if I liked; I told him, no, I could not afford it; he then gave me a blow on my shoulder, and I was so frightened, that I sell down, and saw no more of the prisoner that I can remember.
He did not take any thing from you?
Yes, he took the bag of halfpence from me; there was five shillings and a penny in halfpence and penny-pieces; he saw me take some halfpence out of my bag in the wine-vaults.
When was the bag taken from you?
When he knocked me down.
Did you see it in his hand?
Yes, he took it out of my left hand: I am generally paid in halfpence, and they were in a bag I made on purpose to bring them home in; I screamed out, and he was taken immediately; I saw the prisoner again on Monday, before the Alderman.
Where do you live?
At No. 24, Seacoal-lane; the patrol came to me, and asked me to go and see if it was my bag and money; I saw the bag, which I made myself, but no money was in it.
This was an aukward time of night for a woman to be out?
It was late, but it was past ten before I was paid, and I had to go to several places to get a few things; I stopped and supped in Whitecross-street, where I had a pint of beer, but no gin.
Did you know the prisoner?
I never saw the man before in my life.
The man was quite a stranger, and you treated him with a glass of gin; did you tell your husband that?
No, my husband is out of town.
When the cat's away the mice will play, I have heard; what made you treat him?
I had the halfpence, and I gave it him out of fear, because he kept following me.
Did you tell the person who keeps the wine-vaults, how much you were frightened at this naughty man?
No.
Or the watchman?
No, I had no apprehension; I did not think he was going to do me any harm; I gave it him out of fear and good nature.
Where did he take the bag of halfpence?
In Fleet-lane, just beyond Hill's wine-vaults; he did not hurt me.
It was not the gin that made you fall, was it?
I don't think it could take any effect on me in so short a time.
Did you feel him take the halfpence from you?
Yes, I did, and held the bag.
Did you say any thing to him?
No, I did not; he took it by main force.
You know that main force, fear, and fright, is necessary to constitute a highway robbery?
I have spoke nothing but the truth.
Have not the officer told you, that fear and fright is necessary to make it a highway robbery?
No.
Have they told you of the reward of forty pounds?
No.
Has not any body told you of a reward of forty pounds if you convict?
I am told I am to tell nothing but the truth.
Don't you know there is forty pounds reward?
I don't understand the reward; no reward I want to have.
Have you not been told so?
No, I have not asked about it.
I caution you to be careful what you say?
What I have said I will say again.
Do you mean to swear that you never heard from the officers, there was a reward of forty pounds?
They never said any thing to me about a reward.
Have you never heard any body say it?
No, I have not.
Then you never heard there was a reward; do you mean to swear that?
I don't know any thing about it.
I ask you again, do you mean to swear that when you came into Court, you did not know of a reward?
I know the consequence is this, it is a very critical point; what I have said is nothing but the truth; I have said the same as I said before; I cannot say any more.
Do you mean to say you never heard, before you came here, that there was a reward of forty pounds for a highway robbery?
No, I have not; I was told to speak the truth, and so I have.
Has any body told you there is a reward; say yes or no; you shall answer it?
I will answer it so far as this; they said there was a reward; I have told the truth, and nothing but the truth.
The question is, whether any body told you there is a reward?
I want no reward.
Have you been told there is a reward or not?
All I can say is, it is a highway robbery, and that I had a right to come to the laws of my country.
Have you been told by any body, that there is a reward for convicting a man of a highway robbery?
They did say there was a reward certainly.
You say the prisoner was a stranger to you?
Yes.
Has your husband come to town?
No.
I should be glad to know whether you live separate from your husband?
I live with an uncle and aunt.
And all you have is your own property?
Yes; I am a spangle-maker, and lay out what I earn.
Do you recollect, before the Alderman, asking any body, whether or not the prisoner was she person who had robbed you, for that you did not know him?
I say nothing but the truth, he is the man.
Did you not ask somebody?
I did not.
Did you not say, which is the man that has robbed me?
There was no one asked me that.
Did you ask it?
No.
Your bag, whatever it contained, was taken from you before you got the blow?
No, it was not.
It might fall from you?
No.
You said you were not frightened or alarmed?
Yes, I was.
You don't mean to swear to the bag?
I have sworn to it, and must say the same again.
If you have sworn to that which is not true, you are not to swear to it again?
I have sworn to the truth.
Can you swear to the bag?
I can; I made it out of a bit of cloth.
You would not give a penny for it?
It was worth something to me for the use I made of it.
I am a patrol belonging to St. Sepulchre's: On the 9th of May, at one o'clock in the morning, being at the corner of Bear-alley, Fleet-market, I heard a rattle spring, and went to it; and the watchman told me a man had escaped, and described him to me; I went into the Old-Bailey, and, at the corner of Green-harbour-court, I saw the prisoner come out with a small bag in his left hand; I said to him, its a late hour, but in your dress I suppose you have been barbering; says he, no; he then endeavoured to secure the bag under his apron; I then said, my friend, who are you, out at this late hour; he said, I am a porter just by; I said, you answer the description of a man who has ill used a poor woman in Fleet-lane, and taken from her a bag full of penny-pieces; if you have such a thing in your hand, I am a patrol, and shall take you into custody on suspicion; I then took hold of him by the left arm, and he struck me as hard as he could between the neck and shoulder with his right, and run to Giltspur-street; I recovered myself and followed him; I never lost sight of him; in Cock-lane I heard a scuffle, and somebody call out here he is; when I came up, the person who had the prisoner was just rising, and the prisoner was just above him, offering to strike him; I caught hold of him, and held him; when we had lodged him in the Compter, I went to No. 24 Seacoal-lane, and found Mrs. Hayward, who claimed the bag.
The lady and the prisoner both lived in Seacoal-lane?
I don't know, they were both strangers to me; I did not know he lived there till this day; coming along she told me did.
Did you not see that woman on Sunday last?
No.
Did you never see her from the time you apprehended the man?
I saw her when we came to find the bill, but never before or since.
Have you never seen her at your own house?
Never, or any other.
Have you never been at her house?
No. further than calling at the door.
Have you ever seen her at your own door?
No.
What did you call at her house for?
To know whether she would come forward to give evidence.
You knew she was bound over, and must attend?
Certainly.
You had no conversation with her, upon your oath?
No.
Did you tell her there was a reward of forty pounds?
Never.
Has any of your brother officers?
Not to my knowledge; what they have told her I cannot say.
Do you or not know there is a reward of forty pounds for a highway robbery?
Yes, I do know it, but never expected this would come to that; I told the prosecutrix it wold not touch the man's life.
You never had any conversation with her on this subject?
No.
Then you never desired her merely to tell the truth?
Yes, I did.
Then you must have had conversation with her; why did you admonish her to tell the truth; it implies a bad opinion of a person to say, take care and tell the truth?
There can be nothing more plain than to tell the truth.
What state was she in on the night of the robbery?
Just as she is now.
Sober?
I did not think her otherways.
Have you and she been drinking any thing to day?
Yes, a glass of gin.
A good many, perhaps?
No, only one glass.
I am a china-man: On the 9th of May, between one and two in the morning, I was in Red-lion-court, Cock-lane, and heard the cry of stop thief; I went to the end, and saw the prisoner running down Cock-lane; I overtook him and collared him; a scuffle ensued, and we sell twice; he got from me, and run down the lane again; I overtook him a second time, and we had another scuffle, and we were up and down several times; I heard the watchman and patrol coming, and I called out here he is; they secured him, and I took the lantern to look for my hat, which I found, and a bag of halfpence laying by it; I saw the prisoner drop something, but don't know what.
I am a watchman, and was on duty by St. Sepulchre's Church: On Saturday night, I heard Challis say to the prisoner, I am a patrol, and shall take you; then I heard a scuffle, and the prisoner run away; we pursued him down Cock-lane, and Mr. Rose stopped him.
Did you know whether the prosecutrix and prisoner were acquainted?
No.
Don't you know he lives in Scacoal-lane?
I have heard say he lived a fortnight there.
Did you hear her ask which was the man that robbed her, before the Magistrate?
No.
Had you any conversation about a reward?
No.
I leave my defence to my counsel.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes, but don't know where he lives: On Saturday, the 8th of May, my husband, who is a ballast-heaver on the river, gave me orders to pay the prisoner five shillings, who worked with him, which I did in copper, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, in King-street, Wapping; and he carried it away in a canvas bag, which I took off my side, and gave to him.
Where was this bag?
At my side; I carry thread, and sometimes pieces and my money in it.
Was it by mere chance you carried the bag?
No, I always carry it at my side like every woman else; they call it a trash-bag in Ireland.
How long had you this bag about you?
It is better than three-quarters of a year since I made it myself in England; but I put no mark on it.
What was it made of?
Canvas; there was a white running-string at the top of it.
How wide?
Pretty wide.
Should you know it again?
Yes.
Is that your bag or not?
No, it is not.
I am a milkman, No. 7, Bear-alley, Fleet-market; I was in Guild hall, and saw the prosecutrix; Henry Kettle pushed her forward, when she said she did not know what to say; says he, why don't you say as you told us this morning; she has been at my house since, and said, if she could get three half-guineas, she would go out of the way, and not prosecute him; only she was afraid of the watchmen, for they would lose forty pounds, if she did not prosecute him.
Did you see this man?
I don't remember.
Did any such conversation pass between the woman and you, that she did not know what to say?
I remember no such thing pass, and I am sure there never was.
I know the prisoner; and, on Sunday three weeks, my husband and I went to see him in the Compter, where I saw the prosecutrix; she gave him two pots of beer, and cried, and said, she did not know whether he was the man or not, and was very sorry to hurt him; that if he would give her a guinea and an half, she would go out of the way; we might be in company together about half an hour; the prisoner and I were born and bred within a few doors of each other, at Kildare, in Ireland.
Did you see that woman in the Compter?
I saw her there on the Sunday; the prisoner's wife asked me to go to him.
Did you, in her presence, ever declare that you did not know whether he was the man, and that you would make it up for a guinea and an half?
I did not.
Did you ever say you did not know whether he was the man or not?
No.
Do you persist in what you have sworn?
Yes.
