I am clerk to Mr. Pearce, a brewer in Millbank-street; Mr. Pearce is the owner of the Star and Garter public-house, in Palace-yard ; it is shut up, and we keep a man to sleep there of nights, for the protection of the goods in the house; in the day-time it was uninhabited; it might have been in that state a month or six weeks, I cannot say justly to the time; Mr. Pearce had, before that, let it to a publican; there were sixteen or seventeen beds in the house, and chairs, and tables, and other things; we had made a purchase of them of the last tenant: On the 17th of April, I was there between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, and missed one of the large coppers that was a fixture; I was there again at eleven, every thing was safe then except the copper; I double-locked the door, and I went again between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and found the door upon the single lock; I had got the carpenter with me to make the windows fast, that nothing else should go; I put the key in and found the door open, I am sure I had double-locked the door when I left the house; I went into the kitchen and found it stripped, I missed another copper fixed, I missed a stew-pan worth twenty shillings; there were nine small ones worth ten shillings, three copper pots worth ten shillings each, a fish-kettle worth ten shillings, a copper boiler that hung over the fire, which is included in the indictment with the copper pots worth ten shillings; two tea-kettles, two copper saucepans, a warming-pan, which they broke the handle off, and seven pair of metal candlesticks; I found the bar-door broke open but nothing taken from there; I set a man to watch, his name is George Joynson ; and the next morning he brought the prisoner at the bar to me; I asked the prisoner what his name was, and he said Davis; I asked him what he wanted at that house; he told me he came to look for work, that he was a carpenter, and had worked for a Mr. Charles, at Dock-head, that he had discharged him the day before in the middle of the day, he said he was repairing a house facing the dock, at Dock-head; he had an apron on like a broker's man, which was dirty, and his hands the same, as if he had been handling dirty coppers; I asked him where he laid on the night of the 17th; he told me he slept at the Hit-or-Miss public-house, in Swallow-street; he afterwards said, before the Magistrate, that he did not sleep there; I sent a person to the Hit-or-Miss, and I went myself to Dock-head, but could find no such person as Charles, a carpenter; nor could I find any house repairing near Dock-head.
Mr. Pearce is a man of considerable business?
Yes.
He kept a man in the house to take care of the goods, till some other publican should take it?
Yes.
He had no idea of its being a residence for himself?
No.
I live in Palace-yard, Westminster; I was at the Star-and-Garter public-house about half past twelve o'clock: On the 17th of April, I saw a man looking out at the door, but not the prisoner at the bar; the door was about two feet open; upon my return home, about half past two, I saw the prisoner at the bar come out of the Star-and-Garter public-house, I am certain it was the prisoner; one of Mr. Pearce's abroad coopers and I were talking about the house the night before, he told me the furniture was to be taken with the house, which induced me to take notice; I observed the prisoner come out with a prickle basket full of kitchen utensils; I looked at him particularly hard; and he pitched them down at the corner of the House of Commons, the prickle was full; as I was going into Waghorn's coffee-house I saw two other men come out of the Starand-Garter, one of them had a fish-kettle upon his back, and the other was the person that I had seen looking out at the door before, with a dirty apron on, like a broker's man, he had a blue coat on; and the next morning I attended the office by order of Mr. Pearce's clerk.
Did you not think it very strange, that the things should be going?
Yes, but I did not know what it meant; they looked like brokers' men.
You did not make any inquiry of them what they were going to do?
No.
I keep an apple-stall by King Henry the Seventh's Chapel: On the 17th of April, about one or two o'clock, I cannot be certain, I am sure it was past twelve, the prisoner at the bar, to the best of my knowledge, came to me, and told me to mind a parcel of coppers and saucepans in a basket, the bottoms of them were black, and the tops scowered, they were placed at the corner of the House of Commons; he went away and left the basket; I watched it about a quarter of an hour or so, and then he came with another man, and put the basket upon the man to carry it, and he carried it away towards Charing-cross; then the prisoner came and gave me two-pence for minding it, and then he went away.
Did you ever see the prisoner before?
No.
Are you sure he is the person?
I believe him to be the man.
How often were you before the Magistrate?
Twice, I believe.
And you always said you believed he was the man, but would not be certain?
Yes.
I was put into the Star-and-Garter to take care of it: On the 11th of April, about seven o'clock in the evening, there were three of us went together and staid till about twelve at night, and then two more came and two went away, I was one that went away; I went again at six, and about half past eight the prisoner knocked at the door several times, I went to the door, the door was bolted, and when I went to the door he was doing something at the outside, but was I cannot say; I thought it was my master, and opened the door; he came in, I was behind the door, he was not aware of me at first; I was going to shut the door, and he asked me if there were not some joiners at work there; I answered there were none; he said he had been out of work some time, and had seen a joiner the day before, who told him he was at work there, and if he would come he would give him a job; I told him there were my joiners there; he said, it was very likely he was working over the way; he went across the way, I locked the door and went across the way after him he then went speedily away towards Millbank-street he had hardly run two roods before I was along-side of him, and told him he must go along with me to my master; he was very unwilling to go.
Had he any foot upon his hands?
Yes; he was footy all over from what I could see of him.
It was the 18th you took him?
Yes.
The things were taken on the 17th?
Yes.
I did not run away, I only wear a foot-pace, I went very volunteerly.
Did you ever sleep in this house where the kettles were taken from?
Yes; my master's own servant slept there.
Where did he sleep at any other time?
In my master's house.
He had slept there regularly for a month before, ever since he has been in Mr. Pearce's service, unless he has been out of town with Mr. Pearce, and then he has desired me to put in somebody else in his room.
