I am servant to Mess. Phillips, farmer s, at Tottenham : On the morning of the 24th of December I went into the fields, and found a sheep with its throat cut, and the hind quarters skinned and taken away; I knew the sheep, because the skin was marked P on the off lip, and had some other small marks; I missed one also from the lot which I counted that morning; on the Tuesday following I saw the prisoner talking with my master, but did not hear what was said, but I understood he had found some mutton; I then asked him where he had found it; he said, he had found it in a bag in the road, behind a little bramble bush, not much concealed; we then went to Mr. Angle's, where he works, and he shewed it me in the hay-loft, behind a truss of hay; he told me my master had given it to him; there was a leg and part of a loin, and a good deal of fat in the bag; I told him, if my master had given him the mutton to take care of the bag, which I then thought to be my master's, but it is not.
I am carter to Mr. Angle, and found the mutton in the loft when I went for hay to feed my horses about four o'clock in the morning, behind a truss of hay; my mate, who was with me, pulled the leg of mutton out of the bag, and also a part of a loin of mutton; I put it in the same place; going by a public-house with my cart, I saw the prisoner; I went up and laid hold of his collar, and said, I wonder, Blundell, you should bring that into our loft - you must be the man, for nobody else goes there; yes, says he, I be; I bought it, and paid for it, and don't care who knows it, of one Jonathan, a butcher, at Highgate; I said, very well, that is all I want to know; I went and told my master; next morning the prisoner came to work, and my master asked him if the meat was his; he said, yes, and I found it in Mr. Phillips's hog park; my master said, that is a very different story from what you told Ned last night; we said no more, but sent to Mr. Phillips that there was some mutton in our loft.
I am a constable; I apprehended the prisoner, and found him boiling part of a loin of mutton; I looked into the closet, and there was part of a leg and piece of a loin of mutton baked in a dish; he said, he had found it in a bag in a lane by Mr. Phillips's grounds.
On Saturday morning, about half past seven o'clock, I was going to work, and in a lane I saw a bag laying behind a little bit of a bush, about a yard from the road, with meat in it; I took it into the hay-loft, and said nothing about it; I did not go to work till Tuesday, when my master asked me how I came by the meat; I told him I found it; he said, he heard Mr. Phillips had lost some, and I had better go to him, and clear it up; I went to Mr. Phillips, and told him what part I found; he said, take it home and boil it, or do as you like with it; I told my master, and said, I did not like to eat it; he said, if you don't, give it to the dogs, and they had a great part of it, and the carter had a leg; I had about three quarters of a pound, which I was boiling when they took me.
(To Brown.) Had you any part of it?
Yes; they gave a great part to the dogs, and I said, it was a pity it should be so wasted; I had a leg, but I first told Mr. Phillips of it.
