On the 14th of June, at twelve o'clock at night, or between eleven and twelve, I was going home into Oxford-street.
Where did this happen to you?
In Hampshire-hog-yard, facing St. Giles's-church , three men pushed up against me in the dark, under the arch-way, and one of them took my handkerchief from my neck, and ran away, it was a silk handkerchief; I cannot swear the prisoner was the man that took it, he was one of them.
In what way did they push against you?
They jostled me.
How long were they jostling you?
Not above three minutes, they gathered round me in a cluster.
Were they so long?
I cannot swear to a minute, it might be two or three minutes.
Did any of them strike you?
No, they only gathered round me, and shoved me backwards and forwards, I struggled with them.
Did they lay hold of your hands?
No, only round my body.
Were you thrown down at all?
No, they felt round me, but not finding any thing there, they whipped my handkerchief off my neck.
How did you struggle with them?
I made a blow at one of them, and fung out for the watchman.
They did not make a blow at you?
No.
Had you seen the prisoner before?
I had seen them all three together about ten minutes before.
Where?
Going along by the church, some of them were before me, and some behind me.
How far from them did you walk?
About the length of this place.
How came you in the Hampshire-hog-yard?
I went in to make water, and they followed me in.
Had you observed the prisoner before you went into the Hampshire-hog-yard?
Yes, he was walking along side of me.
How long was he walking by the side of you?
About ten minutes.
Were you ten minutes walking the length of this court?
No, they talked with me out of freedom from the other side of Drury-lane; they said they belonged to the Leander, sixty-four; I had a coloured shirt on at the time, and they said, how do you do, shipmate.
Did they speak to you in the broad part?
Yes.
Did the prisoner speak to you?
I cannot tell whether he was one that spoke to me or not.
How near were they when you turned up this yard?
They were quite close to me.
You had never seen him before, had you?
No, not to my knowledge.
What light was there to enable you to be certain of his person?
The lighted lamps.
It was not moon-light?
Yes, it was.
There was a moon was there?
I cannot swear to that, it was quite light: the prisoner was rather in liquor; I ran after him, and knocked him down, and held him till the watchman came up.
Was he running or walking?
I cannot say, I delivered him up to the watchman.
Have you ever seen your handkerchief since?
No, it was a tall man that run away with the handkerchief, in a pair of trowsers and a light coat.
They did not force you up the gateway?
No.
Did any person come up to the gateway while you were there?
No.
Is this the account you have always given of this transaction?
Yes.
Look if that is your hand-writing?
Yes.
You were examined before Mr. Conant the Justice?
Yes, and there was a gentleman there said, there had been three or four robberies committed in that place, and he was committed.
I will read the account you gave to Mr. Conant - John Smith says, that last night, passing through St. Giles's, he met with the prisoner Collyer, and two other men, who asked him to drink with them, and when he got to the corner of the gateway, they violently pulled him up the gateway, and knocked him down, but some people coming up they ran away?
They asked me to drink with them, and I would not go.
How came you to tell Mr. Conant they dragged you up the gateway, and knocked you down, and upon some people coming up they ran away, and now you have told me they did not drag you up the gateway, that they did not knock you down, and that nobody came up?
I have told nothing but the truth.
Did you not say before the Magiftrate, that you knew I was not the man, and if I would pay you for your day's work, and for the handkerchief, you would not prosecute me?
I told the Magistrate I was a poor man, and could not stand a prosecution.
I was going through St. Giles's, I had been to receive some prize-money, and this man charged me with having robbed him; I never saw him with my eyes till he collared me.
