Are you a butcher ?
Yes; at No. 175, High-Holborn .
Look at the prisoner, and tell us whether you saw him, and when?
Yes, that is the man; I never saw him before the 23d of July, on a Saturday night.
About what time did you see him, and where?
Near upon twelve o'clock at night, in my shop.
Was he alone?
He came alone.
What did he come for, and what passed between you?
He asked me whether I had any thing left; I said I had a little but not much; I pointed to a piece of beef, and asked him if that would do, that it should be sixpence halfpenny a pound, but I would take sixpence, it weighed eight pounds two ounces, I abated the two ounces, and said he should have it for four shillings; he asked me whether I could give him change for a note; I asked him what; he said it was a five pound note; I gave him change in three one pound notes, five seven-shilling-pieces, and a shilling.
Before you gave him change did you make any enquiries of him?
Yes; I asked him his name, and he said it was William Biddles, and he lived at No. 23, Drury-lane, and was a button-maker; he gave me the note, and I wrote his name on it; I asked him if it was a good one; and he said, yes.
Did you make any request of him respecting the notes you gave him?
I asked him to write my name on the notes I gave him, as I had written his name on that note; he made answer, it did not signify, for he dared to say they were all good ones; he said, it was between two or three of them, and he dared to say they were all good ones.
When he left your shop, did you see which way he turned?
I asked him if he would have the meat chopped, because he was going without it being chopped; he said, yes, and I chopped it; he went away, and turned down Holborn-hill way instead of towards Drury-lane, it was directly the contrary way.
Did that raise your suspicion?
Yes; I followed him a few yards, when he picked up some sort of lady; I followed him to Turnstile, with the lady and the meat in his hand; my shop is near St. Giles's; he crossed over from Turnstile, and kept on to Brownlow street. I heard him say, the poor fellow will rue this to-morrow, and d - n us, that made me more anxious to give charge of him; I went rather past Gray's-Inn-lane, and saw a watchman almost asleep; I said, I wish you would take charge of this man, I suppose he has given me a bad five pound note; he said he should not go off his beat, and would not take him; the prisoner went on and turned up Brook-street; the woman being with him he did not hear what I said to the watchman. I went on, and saw a watch-box; I asked the watchman to take him into custody; I suppose the lantern made a noise, or something, but they turned into a public-house; we waited for them coming out for some time, but they did not, as the man had gone out at another door.
You wrote the name the prisoner gave you on the note?
Yes.
Look at that, (shewing a paper) and say whether it is the note he passed to you?
Yes; this is my hand-writing, and there is William Biddles, No. 23, Drury-lane.
Had you written that address on any othe note
No; I have not had a five pound note lately but that.
When were you first questioned about this?
I paid it away on Monday to Mr. Nott, who is a banker, and takes money for goods; it was returned to me on the Saturday following.
Were you applied to by Croker?
We went to No. 23; that is, the gentleman and I, who brought the note to me; we could not find such a person; and then we gave information to Croker.
How long after that was it you next saw the prisoner?
Three or four days; I saw him again in a public-house in King-street, Holborn.
He was not in custody at that time?
No; I was sent for, and went there, and sat down by him.
Did you know him again?
I knew him again; he went out, and I went after him; he returned in again, and I with him; I then told Croker, and the prisoner was secured.
At the time he passed the note, was Thomas Holstock in the shop?
He was in a little accompting-house with a window that sides up, and stood full facing the prisoner as he was standing in the shop, and saw him take the change.
Was the boy before the Magistrate?
Yes.
When you received the note, you wrote the name of the person who uttered it to you?
Yes.
This was the 23d of July?
Yes, I believe it was.
If I can read, this is the 26th of July?
That is the same note I will swear; those words,\"received Gibbs,\" are not my writing.
After the man left you, and you heard the conversation, it necessarily excited your suspicion?
Yes.
The man, whoever he was, absconded?
Yes.
Therefore, he had intimation of the fact that you were in pursuit of him?
I imagine so.
After this you went to Smithfield, though you suspected the note to be a bad one, and offered it?
I shewed it to several people, and they said it was a good one.
Did you tell the man to whom you offered it that you suspected it to be a bad one?
No, I did not.
Did you go to the Bank, and communicate any thing there?
No.
When they came to enquire after you, then you told this story?
Yes.
Is the watchman here you spoke to that night?
No.
We have heard it said, by my learned Friend, in his address, that the man bought a very small piece of meat - eight pounds is a good allowance for a poor man, is it not?
I have often sold twenty pounds; but oftener less than more.
How long was it from the time the note was offered to you till you saw Croker?
Eight or ten days; they sent Croker to me.
How long after that was it when you saw the prisoner at the bar, was it a day or two?
Three or four days.
Croker told you he had apprehended the man who paid you the note?
He sent to me to come and look at a man.
Did he not add, that he believed he was the man who had uttered the note?
I said it was the man.
I ask you again - Did he not add, that he believed he was the man who uttered the note?
He said, he thought he had got the man I gave information of; and I said it was the man.
At this time the man was in some public-house?
Yes.
He saw you, did not he, when you spoke to Croker?
I did not speak to him at all, I said that was the man. I sat down by the man, and he went out and I followed him; we both returned in together, and I spoke to Croker.
Have you always been as positive to the person of the prisoner as you are to day?
I said all along it was the same man.
Have you always said it as positively as you do to day?
It is the man.
Have you always said so?
Yes.
Have you never spoke in doubt of it?
I knew it was the same man.
Have you never spoke with doubt, as to the identity of the person?
No; I knew it was the same man always.
And have you always said positively it was the same man?
Yes, I always did.
Remember, you are upon your oath, did you or not, when you were examined before the Magistrate, say, you did not know that the prisoner was the man positively - but if he was not the man, he was extremely like him?
Do you mean to say positively you have never said that?
No, I did not.
Did not the prisoner say, he was surprised you could say so; and did not you make that answer?
No.
Do you know Mr. Isaac Baxter?
Yes.
Is he here?
Yes.
I ask you upon the oath you have taken, whether you have never told Baxter that you did not recollect the person of the man?
No.
Have you never said any thing to that effect?
No.
Did you never say to him, that if the prisoner was not the person, he was very like him?
No.
Have you not said to Baxter, that you entertained a doubt, and if it was not for the boy, you could not have sworn to him?
No.
You are asked when you put this note off yourself, whether or not you knew it to be bad - to whom did you pay it?
To Mr. Nott.
Were you known to Mr. Nott?
Yes; I do business with him every Monday almost, and have for years.
Was the prisoner at all in custody at the time you saw him in King-street?
No, perfectly to himself, not in custody at all.
You followed him upon his leaving the house?
Yes, he went to the door just to the step, and came back again.
If he had attempted to run away, you would have followed him?
Yes.
Who is Isaac Baxter?
He is an acquaintance of mine, and I was telling him about the man; I said it was the same man, but I had not sworn to him.
How old are you?
Going of 17.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
Yes,
Look at the prisoner - did you ever see him before?
Yes.
Were you in your master's shop on the evening of Saturday the 23d of July?
Yes.
Are you his apprentice?
Yes.
Did you see the prisoner come into your master's shop on the 23d of July, in the evening?
Yes,
Are you sure of it?
Yes.
Are you sure he is the man?
Yes, he is the man I am sure.
What made you take notice of him that night?
He held down his head, and looked very downy, and went the wrong way.
How long do you think he staid in your master's shop?
I cannot tell.
Give a guess how many minutes?
He staid about ten minutes very likely, or a quarter of an hour.
Did you see him give your master a note for change?
Yes.
Did you see your master give him the change?
Yes.
Did you observe him before and at that time?
Yes.
Was he dressed at that time as he is now?
No.
Look again at the prisoner, and tell me, from the observation you made at the time, whether you can say, before God, that is the man?
I am sure that is the man.
Did you hear him give your master any direction as to the place where he lived?
Yes, No. 23, Drury-lane.
Did you see him when he went out of the shop?
Yes, he turned on the right hand instead of the left.
Did your master follow him?
Yes.
What made him follow him?
Because he went the wrong way, and my master had suspicion of him.
I ask you again, whether you are sure or have any doubt about the prisoner being the man?
No, I have no doubt; I am positively sure he is the man.
When did you see him again?
A week after.
Where?
Coming along Holborn; he walked past our house with the officer.
Were you sure at that time he was the same person?
Yes.
You saw him a week afterwards with the officer passing by?
Yes.
It could not be a fortnight after - you are sure it was a week?
Yes.
How came you to recollect it was on the 23d of July?
I do not know.
Can you read or write?
No.
Do you mean to say it was on the 23d, or on any other day?
I cannot say.
Your master has told you so since?
No.
That you positively swear?
Yes.
Do you mean to swear, that from the time the man was in the shop, and bought a piece of meat, until the present time, your master has not spoken to you on the subject - do you mean solemnly to swear that?
He has spoke to me.
I ask you when he spoke to you, did he not tell you it was on the 23d of July, and desire you to say so?
No, he never said anything about that.
What did he say to you?
He asked whether I was sure that was the man.
When was that?
When the officer took him by the house, and he said; I am sure, that is the man.
Do you mean to say that is all he said to you?
Yes; all he said to me was, mind and be perfect in the man; that is all he said to me; and he said, he was sure to the man.
And desired you to be sure to him?
He did not desire me to be sure too.
Did he not desire you to be perfect to the man?
No; he said that was the man, and asked me if I did not think it was the man; I said, yes, I am sure it was the man; when he came by, he asked me to look at him.
Did not your master say, he thought it was the man, and asked you?
No.
How came you to recollect it was the 23d if your master did not tell you?
I cannot tell the day of the month.
Was it not at the public-house you saw him?
No.
Was he, taken by your master's house?
Yes; he was walking by the house with the officer.
You knew he was in custody, and charged with the offence?
Yes.
You said the reason you were sure of the man was because he held his head down, and went the wrong way?
Yes.
For both those reasons you took notice of the man?
Yes.
Where were you when he left the shop?
In the shop.
What part of it?
In the shop.
There is an accompting-house?
I was in the accompting-house while my master gave him change.
You were in the shop when he went away?
Yes.
You saw him going the wrong way?
Yes.
How could his going the wrong way induce you to take notice of his person?
I took particular notice of him, because he would not sign his name to the notes my master gave him; I looked at him two or three times before he went the wrong way.
You began yourself to have suspicions when he would not sign his name to the notes your master wanted him?
Yes.
You don't know what day of the month it was, but you are sure you saw that man some time or other in your master's shop?
I am sure I saw that man in the shop on Saturday night.
You do not know the day of the month?
I do not know.
You are an officer belonging to Bow-street?
Yes.
Did you call upon Mr. Dear on the 1st of August, in consequence of what you heard from the Bank?
Yes.
Did you receive from him any description of the man from whom the Bank-note was received?
I did.
How long after that did you see the prisoner at the bar?
In the afternoon of the same day.
In consequence of information you received, did you go to any place to enquire for the lodging of the prisoner?
No, not at that time.
What place did you go to?
To several places in Gray's-inn-lane, and about it.
Did you go to Drury-lane?
Yes, to No. 28.
Did you go with Dear?
No.
What took place between you and the prisoner at the time you saw him, and where did you see him?
I went into a public-house opposite Gray's-inn-lane, at the corner of Middle-row, where I saw the prisoner; he asked me to drink, I declined it; as I was coming out he followed me, and asked me if I did not want a man, describing a man they call Ugly, but whose name is Smith.
Did he ask you what you wanted him for?
No, I did not let him know I knew the man; he said, he thought he could find him: I asked him if he thought he could, and if I should call upon him where he lodged: he declined telling me where he lodged; I asked him where I should see him, and appointed him to meet me where I live; I asked him when he would come, and whether he would come in the morning following; he said it would not suit him, but he would come on Thursday morning; in the evening I went to Mr. Dear, and told him what had happened, and desired him to meet me on Thursday morning, at ten o'clock, at my place.
Did you see the prisoner that day?
Not at the time appointed; it was five or six o'clock in the evening on Thursday; I had been out with Mr. Dear, and after I left him, I met the prisoner; said I, I thought you were to have called upon me this morning; he said, I could not, but I have just been to your house now; I went with him to the Turk's Head, in King-street, Holborn, and took an opportunity of\\ send\\ ing for Mr. Dear to come down; when he came in the prisoner walked out of the door; Dear followed him out, and the prisoner came in again.
Had you at this time acquainted the prisoner with your suspicions of him?
No; when the prisoner came in Mr. Dear came in, and called me aside, and said, that was the man; in a little time after the prisoner wanted to go; I told him what was alledged against him, and he denied it.
Did you ask him where he lodged?
Yes.
Did he tell you?
No.
Did he not tell you where he lodged, and did you not go afterwards and search them?
He told about a week afterwards.
Did you not search him in the public-house?
Yes, and found nothing but a dollar upon him.
Which he told you where he had bought, I believe?
Yes; he said he had bought it at a silversmith's, which, upon enquiry, I found to be true.
When you were at the public-house, and the prosecutor came there, he set down by the prisoner?
He did.
He went out a second time, and returned, I believe?
No, I don't think he did when he first went out the prosecutor followed him.
Who came in first?
The prisoner did.
He did not attempt to abscond, or any thing of that sort?
No.
Did you find his lodging to be at No. 23, Drury-lane?
No.
You went away, and left the prisoner in the house some time, did you not?
I only went outside the door.
You did not go out of sight?
No.
Where was the place he lodged?
At the Bell, in Newkener's-street, Holborn.
Did you find his lodging to be in Drury-lane?
No.
Did you ever know him by the name of Biddles?
No.
Newkener's-street is about a hundred yards from the prosecutor's?
Yes.
How many people were there in the public-house when you went in with him?
There might be six or seven playing at bumblepuppy in the back-ground; I took him there to engage his attention, while I sent for the prosecutor.
You are an inspector of Bank-notes?
Yes.
Look at that note?
It is a counterseit, the whole is a counterseit.
How is the name of the cashier?
It is not our cashier's writing.
When you went to examine whether he purchased the dollar or not, did you not discover he paid by a Bank-not, which turned-out to be a good one?
I don't know.
We could not ascertain that; we wished to see the note, because Mr. Dear always puts his name on the one-pound notes, and we were in hopes we could trace it.
My Lord, I am entirely innocent of the charge. Croker has made the man and boy come round, and swear my life away; he has been with them every day, and told them I was the man. I never was in the man's shop in my life. He wanted me to swear against my wife; he would not swear against me at all when I was before the Magistrate; all he said was, that if I was not the man, I was very much like him.
What are you?
A cheesemonger, No. 6, Drury-lane.
Have you lived there any time?
Yes, two years.
Are you a housekeeper?
Yes.
Do you know the prosecutor?
Perfectly well.
Have you known him any length of time?
Three quarters of a year.
Do you know the prisoner?
I never saw him before last Wednesday.
Had you ever any conversation with Dear about the prisoner?
Yes, about six or seven weeks before in my own house.
Were you in the habits of visiting each other?
Sometimes.
What did he say?
He came into my house about the Monday or Tuesday after he took the note; said he, a person came into my shop late on Saturday evening, and bought a piece of meat.
Do you know whether it was the Monday or Tuesday after the note was paid him?
I think it was the Tuesday following; he said the person gave him a five-pound note to change; that he changed it, and gave him his address, No. 25, Drury-lane, a button-maker; accordingly I gave him the difference in change in some small notes, and asked him whether he chose to back them; he said, oh! no, it was no consequence, he should soon distribute them amongst his shop-mates; that the man went out, and instead of going to Drury-lane, he turned down Holborn, which led him to suspect the note was a bad one; then he said to his boy, d - n me, Tom, we are done, it is a bad note; accordingly he ordered the boy to take in the meat, and he went after the man. He told me the man crossed over the way, and went down a little below Gray's-inn-lane; that there was a watchman in his box, and he would have given charge of him, but the watchman would not take charge of him, as it was not done in his beat; that he followed the man down Brook-street, when he went into a gin-shop or public-house, where he lost him.
Did he say any thing, whether he should be sure of the person, or not, after he lost him - did you ask him whether he should know the man again?
He said he saw no more of him; it may be five or six days after; I saw him again, and he said, the note that man gave me is a bad one; I did not hear any thing particular then, but two or three days after, he came into my shop one evening, and said, I have been down to Bow-street, and a person of the name of Croker had apprehended a person on suspicion of being the person who gave him the note; says he, my boy swore to him hard and fast, he knows him to be the same; says I, what do you think of him; says he, if he is not the same, he is very much like him, but he has altered his dress; that is all I heard.
How came you to make your appearance here as a witness for the prisoner?
On Wednesday last, two or three friends of the prisoner came past my shop, and said, such a trial was going to take place that day; accordingly I said, I never was at any trial in my life, I should like to go.
Did you know them?
One of them, by dealing at my shop.
What is the name of that friend?
I cannot say; he lives at No. 26, Short's-gardens; it was a woman who asked me to go.
What sort of a woman was it?
A stout woman.
One of the friends?
Yes; and asked me if I would go down to hear it; I said I should like to hear it; I came down with them on Wednesday, and understood it was not to come on that day; upon which, they asked me to go in, and see the prisoner, and I said I had no objection; I went in, and he asked me what I heard pass, and I stated what I have now stated.
You had before been an acquaintance of Dear's, and knew it was his prosecution - did you state to the prisoner what you heard Dear say?
Yes, he asked me what I heard; I told him I knew Dear, and stated what I had heard.
In consequence of this application you have made your appearance here to-day?
Yes; I was asked if I would come forward, and say the same.
All that you could report to him was, that Dear said if he is not the man, he is very much like him, and the boy has no doubt?
No.
And he told you all the circumstances of the case, as you have stated?
Yes.
You have heard what Baxter has said, that you told him, if he is not the man, he is very like him - did you, or not?
I said I was sure it was the man - that he was dressed in a brown great coat, and if I liked, I could swear to the coat.
Did you ever express a doubt?
I told Baxter all along I was sure it was the man, if I liked to swear to him, but I did not then, for he had not then been before the Justice.
