I live upon the Marsh-wall, Poplar ; I am a miller : On Friday, the 17th of May, between ten in the evening and five the following morning, I lost two mill neck-brasses, and two steel rubbers; the rubbers act a files; they were taken from the granary, which was broke open; and the neck-brasses were taken from the mill; one of the neck-brasses was were out, and useless; the other was put in a block, and useful; on the Wednesday following I found them in the cart of a Mr. John Thurston , at Lime-house.
Were these articles so placed that a stranger to the mill would have found them out?
By moving seven pieces of timber a stranger might have found them.
But they must have been found with considerable difficulty, and after considerable search?
Yes.
There was a man worked with you whose name was Wheeler?
There was; he has eloped in consequence of this business; I have made all the search I could after him, but have not been able to find him.
I am a police officer: On the 21st of May Mr. Kent came to the office with a cart, and he claimed these brasses to be his property; I took them out of the cart into the office, and in consequence of information apprehended the prisoner; at the first examination he denied knowing any thing of it; at the second examination he confessed he had sold them; he said that he and Wheeler had found these things in a ditch in the mill-yard, and that he took them and sold them to Jevans on the Sunday.
I am foreman to Mr. John Thurston , of St. Catherine's: On the 31st of May I purchased these things of Mrs. Jevans; I took them away, and in less than an hour they were stopped.
Who is Mr. Thurston?
A dealer in old iron; Mrs. Jevans keeps a chandler's shop, and deals in old iron and brass.
What did you give for this property?
Nine-pence a pound.
I live in Three-colt-street, Limehouse: I keep a chandler's shop; my husband is a smith; I purchased these things of the prisoner and another man, William Wheeler , on Sunday evening, May the 18th; I never saw him to my knowledge before; I have known the prisoner twelve years in the neighbourhood; I gave him for the neck-brasses, sixpence a pound; and for the other five farthings; it was very muddy, and I doubted whether it was real brass; the prisoner assured me it was.
Did not you think it a very odd time to come?
No; he said he had found it in a ditch.
Do you usually deal of a Sunday night?
No.
You do not refuse any thing that is brought to you?
Knowing this man; he said they were as safe as though they were my own property; he had found them in a ditch; I sold the rubbers at three halfpence a pound.
Who brought the brass to your house?
I did not see the property till it was on the floor when I went to weigh it.
To whom was the money paid?
To Wheeler.
Did the prisoner bargain at all for them?
He did not; I asked him whether it was real brass or only cast, and I took his word that it was real brass.
I believe you yourself bad the misfortune to be taken up upon this business?
No, I had not; Mr. Rogers desired me to come to the Office at six o'clock in the evening, and I did.
Where was your husband at that time?
At work.
Where is he now?
At work, for any thing I know.
Was he before the Magistrate?
No; Mr. Rogers told me he need not come, as it was me that purchased it.
When M'Dougal told who he bought the iron from, Mr. Clarke, the Magistrate, desired me to summon Mrs. Jevans; I saw Mr. and Mrs. Jevans, and they told me who they bought it of, and after the examination her husband was sent for, she being a married woman, that he might be bound over, and he was not at home.
I know nothing at all of it.
