I am the wife of John Baldwin ; his house is in St. Leonard's, Shoreditch . On Friday the 29th of April, between ten and eleven in the morning, I went out to work, I fastened the door. When I came home between seven and eight o'clock my door was open; I asked the prisoner if my husband had been home; she said no, and she unlocked her door on the first floor, and tell a crying; I asked her what was the matter; she said she had been into Long-alley, and while she was gone some person had broke her door open and stole her husband's coat and part of her baby linen; I said I suppose my room is broken open the same; she went up stairs with me into my room, the door was broken; there was a piece taken out of the middle of my box; I missed a gown, a black silk cloak, a table cloth and other things; I went to my landlady and told her of it; she said she thought the thief was in the house; we sent for the officer; Mr. Ray came and searched her room and found some of the things upon her.
I am an officer of Worship-street; they live very near to our office; I went down to the prisoner's house, I made some enquiry; I found the prosecutrix's door broken open; I went into the prisoner's apartment, I asked her if she observed any strange people going up or down that day; she said no not one; she informed me that her own door had been broken open and she had lost her husband's great coat, and some baby linen; she seemed rather alarmed; I asked her if she had any objection to let me search her apartment; her husband was close by, he said not the least objection, she made no answer; I searched the drawers, there was a pair of stockings and a prayer book; the prosecutrix said they were her's; in the table drawer I found this chisel and a broken knife; I immediately went up stairs, I matched the chisel with the marks on the prosecutrix's door, and the top of the box lid I matched the broken knife to that, it exactly corresponded to the marks of the box; I came down stairs and asked her if she had any pawnbrokers duplicates in the house; she said no, not one; I searched her pocket, I found none there. I begged of Mrs. Edwards, the landlady, to feel under her arm; she took out this box from under her arm-pit with twenty one duplicates in it, which she gave to me; there were four or five handkerchiefs found under her other arm; she said she was sorry for what she had done; we found the property at the pawnbrokers by these duplicates.
I have some goods which the prisoner pledged on the 15th of April, and some on the 22nd; a pillow case, a sheet, a patch-work counterpane, two frocks, a coloured apron and a shawl, they were pledged for eleven shillings.
I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pledged on the 22nd of April, two pillow cases and a shawl; on the 28th of April, a gown, two petticoats, an ironing cloth, a cloak, frock, table cloth and pillow case, pledged in two lots for twelve shillings.
The prosecutrix said if I would make the things good she would not hurt a hair of my head.
