You have no partners?
No.
You are a builder , and have a wharf at Mill-bank, Westminster ?
Yes.
The prisoner was superintendant of that wharf ?
Yes, he had the charge of the wharf.
What are you?
I am clerk to Mr. Copeland.
The prisoner at the bar was superintendant at the wharf?
Yes.
Did the prisoner at the bar use to deliver to you his accounts once a fortnight?
Yes, of monies received by him, on account, to Mr. Copeland.
Have you got his account-book?
Yes.
Does it appear, on the 6th of October, that he received any money from Mr. Locke, of the sum of 5 l. 13 s. 8 d. is there any receipt of any money received from Mr. Locke?
No.
Is that the hand-writing of the prisoner? (shews him a paper) - A . It is.
You settled with him once a fortnight?
I do not; the cashier, Mr. Stephenson, receives the money, and I settle the accounts of the book.
In the prisoner's book is there any account of any money received on the 6th of October?
There is none received on the 6th of October, but there is money paid by him.
Is there any account of money received on the 5th of October?
No.
Is there any credit given to him for any money received on the 6th?
No.
Did you always ask him, when you settled, whether there was any money to be brought to account?
Yes, several times, and he always said, no.
October 8th, whose hand writing is this, received six pounds?
That memorandum is my writing; this was an account of his own wages, and sundry expences paid by him.
Were you constantly in the habit of asking him whether he had received any money, regularly every fortnight?
I cannot say that I did every time, but at sundry times I have done so.
When did you first entertain any suspicion that he had received any money of Mr. Locke?
On his last settlement that we had on account of his wharfage; I asked him myself whether he had received any money for wharfage, in consequence of my\\ send\\ ing the bill in, the man brought the receipt; he denied receiving the 5 l. 13 s. 8 d. of Mr. Locke; I had told him I should send round, and I did, and Mr. Locke came with his receipt; this was on the 19th of January, he mentioned one sum of Mr. Stapleton, and that is the only one he mentioned, and that was for wharfage.
Did you pay any sum of money to the prisoner for Mr. Locke?
I paid to Mr. Francis, on the 6th of October last, the sum of 5 l. 13 s. 8 d. for Mr. Locke, for money due to Mr. Copeland for wharfage.
Were did you get that bill from?
From Mr. Locke, and the receipt from Mr. Francis, the prisoner.
Did you see him write it?
I did; it is the prisoner's hand-writing
Where was this that you paid him the money?
At Mr. Read's, the Elephant and Castle, in Queen-street; it was between four and seven in the afternoon.
Was he sober then?
Yes.
Had he any appearance of having been drinking?
No, not at all.
Do you wharfage coals at Mr. Copeland's wharf?
Yes; I cannot say when it was, it was according to the bill; I cannot read or write myself; Evans owed me this money for carting the coals, and he paid that money for me.
Do you know Francis, the prisoner?
Yes; I asked Francis, the prisoner, for the bill, I believe it might be a month or five weeks before Evans paid the bill; I asked the prisoner whether he objected taking the money of Evans; he said, not at all; I wished to know if he would let Evans stand pay-master; he said, yes, and he did pay it.
You are cashier to Mr. Copeland, and of course, you being cashier, you had the managing the accounts of Mr. Copeland?
I had.
Have you the books here?
Yes; you may see my initials in the book, it is in the handwriting of Francis, this is his accounts, and there is my settlement.
Does there appear on the 6th of October any sum of money accounted by him to your master, for a sum of money paid by Locke, or at least by Evans, is that the book in which it ought to have appeared?
If it had been paid it should have been there; it should have given credit for it here; it is not here.
Where is the last sum of money received before this?
The 14th of September was the last settlement before the 6th of October, and the next settlement is the 19th of November.
Does there appear, either on the 14th of September, or on the 19th of November, any credit given for the sum of 5 l. 13 s. 8 d. given by Mr. Locke?
He has not given credit for the sum received, nothing but charges, and no credit.
My Lord, and gentlemen of the Jury. I acknowledged receiving the money, and that it was totally an omission on my own part in not bringing it to account.
When was he taken up?
In February.
Where you present when he was taken - did he say any thing when he was taken?
He did not, as I understood, I was not present.
