Spencer Percival. May it please your Lordship. Gentlemen of the Jury. In this case, I am of counsel for the prosecution, and you will find that your attention will be directed in the trial of this indictment, to a very interesting and extremely important case; of the importance of it, you must be already apprized by the opening of the indictment, which discloses that it charges the prisoner with a capital offence. Gentlemen, I feel myself fully justified in saying, that in the decision of this case, and in your attention to it, you will feel great anxiety and concern, because, in the part that I have had to discharge, and a very inferior part, in such a duty as this, I have felt very considerable anxiety and concern, for, Gentlemen, I have felt it to be my duty, and an extremely painful duty, I can assure you, to advise this prosecution to be carried to this length against the gentleman who now stands at the bar.
Gentlemen, Mr. Thomas, the prisoner at the bar, is an attorney, in Northamptonshire, a gentleman of very excellent character, excepting in this transaction, in which I say he is implicated in very gross fraud. Gentlemen, he is a man of very considerable fortune, as I understand, independent of his professional pursuits; he is a gentleman for whom I see here, from my personal acquaintance with the country of Northampton, many excellent persons attending to testify to his good character; I have, by a letter from the member for that county, received the most ample testimony to that character, furnished under circumstances which render it impossible for him to attend here, on account of his public duty, in endeavouring to suppress those riots which are disgracing that part of the country as well as others. These peculiar circumstances, in the situation of the county, at this time, though they may not have prevented him from the benefit of many respectable witnesses, yet, as they may possibly exclude him from more than I am acquainted with, leads me to think it a duty which I owe to the prisoner, to state in the outset, that I do really believe you may conscientiously come to a decision upon this case, with your prejudices strongly in favour of the prisoner at the bar; leading you to believe, that from his situation in life, leading you to believe, that from his circumstances and his property, leading you to believe, that from his general character, he is as unlikely a person to have been guilty of this or any other felonious fraud as any that could possibly have been brought before you.
Gentlemen, Having said thus much in justice to the prisoner, I must say a little in justice to the prosecution, and if there is any blame in bringing this gentleman to trial, under these circumstances, it is a blame that I wish to let you and the public know should not fall, and should not rest any where but with those, who having had all the materials laid before them, have thought it their public duty to bring it to this issue.
Gentlemen, The case against Mr. Thomas is a charge for uttering a variety of acquittances and receipts, for the purpose, we say, of defrauding his Majesty. A person of the name of Collinridge, who died in 1798, was a public accomptant, and a person employed under the Navy Board, to convert timber for the purposes of the Navy; he had been in that situation several years, and when he died, in 1798; there was a charge against him of 11, 535l. 16s. 1d. a sum of money entrusted to him for the public service for some years back, of which he had rendered no account; it was therefore thought expedient to issue an extent upon the property, not that it was supposed, perhaps, that the whole of this sum, or any large part of it, would ultimately be found to be the balance against the deceased; but, however, the public, not knowing to what extent that balance might reach, made their claim, and under that extent, the real and personal property of Mr. Collinridge was sold, the personal property was sold for something between four and 500l. and the real estate produced upwards of 100l. a year. At this time, the prisoner, who was an attorney in that neighbourhood, wrote to a gentleman in the Navy Office, that he was employed by the executors of Mr. Collinridge, for the purpose of settling and adjusting this account, between them and the Navy Board; he stated, that he had got all Mr. Collinridge's papers, that he had got the rough draft of the account, but not being well acquainted with the matter, found great difficulty in settling this complicated account, and therefore prayed to have the best assistance that this gentleman, under the Navy Board, could give him. This letter was laid before the Navy Board, and Mr. Thomas, not having an answer so soon as he expected, wrote a second letter, which we have notice to produce, and which unquestionably we shall produce. Upon the face of these letters, there is certainly nothing but what appears perfectly right, fair, and consistent with the character of a person intending to do justice. It does, indeed, appear a slight circumstance, that in these letters, the prisoner represents himself to be employed by the executors, and in a subsequent letter, he says, that he did it for the creditors. These letters were laid before the Navy Board, and were, in the due course of office, sent by them to the Solicitor for the Navy Board, for him to give a proper answer; Mr. Bicknell, Solicitor for the Board, accordingly returned an answer to Mr. Thomas, representing to him, that he apprehended, as he had found a rough draft of the account, it would not be involved in that difficulty, that he imagin ed, because, from that rough draft, if it was supported by vouchers, the balance would be easily ascertained; but Mr. Bicknell did undoubtedly give Mr. Thomas to understand, that it was absolutely necessary that he should produce vouchers for the sums that he insisted should be set off. In consequence of this, it will appear that the prisoner undertook the transaction; that he procured vouchers; represented that he had found some vouchers already signed, and procured others to be signed that were due, and transmitted them to the Navy Board, and upon that account it appeared, that instead of a balance against Mr. Collinridge, there was a balance of 1200l. in favour of the deceased's estate against the Navy Board. Gentlemen, this was not expected, and it was, perhaps, the first circumstance that rendered it material to look into it; they were therefore put into a course of examination, and the person employed after Mr. Collinridge, in the same situation in the country, was a person that the Navy Board conceived most capable of procuring useful information, and therefore the account and vouchers were sent into the country to Mr. Boddy, for the purpose of examining their accuracy; upon Mr. Boddy's enquiring into the state of these accounts; the result of it, which he discovered in a very short time after he was employed in this way, was, that he found some of the receipts forged for money that had never been paid, and for work that had never been done; the discovery of this fact, though certainly in the first instance, not to a very great extent, made it necessary to take up the business in a very serious light. Gentlemen, you will find that the prisoner came to Mr. Boddy several times, with great anxiety to expedite the settlement of these accounts, for the purpose of releasing the estates; Mr. Boddy told him he found the accounts very wrong; he told him that he had discovered these forgeries; upon this the prisoner, at the bar, appeared, as I understand the witnesses will say, extremely agitated; such an appearance, I am ready to admit, may be consistent with innocence, because, if a man is charged with a serious offence, it is no wonder that he should feel great anxiety; but, however, in consequence of this, he told Mr. Boddy, that if that was the case, he would give up the balance, he would undertake on the part of the executors that the balance should be given up, and if the Commissioners of the Navy would consent to refund what they had received upon the sale of the personal effects, and remove the extent, that they would give up this balance of twelve hundred and odd pounds.
The person who was employed in the country, feeling the great difficulty in which he was involved, in getting accurate information, thought it not inexpedient that such a proposition should be forwarded to the Commissioners; and, therefore, at the request of Mr. Thomas, he wrote to the Commissioners, adopting a letter dictated by Mr. Thomas, the draft of which we have to produce. Gentlemen, this offer the Commissioners did not think proper to accept, and Mr. Thomas, understanding that they did not think proper to accept it, made a more extensive offer; he offered to give up the whole of the demand, and let the Commissioners of the Navy do what they pleased. Gentlemen, if this was a transaction in which Mr. Thomas was concerned for his own interest, in which Mr. Thomas was claiming this balance of 1200l. for himself, in which Mr. Thomas was concerned for his own interest, in endeavouring to procure the release of this estate from the extent and the return of the four hundred and odd pounds for which the personal estate was sold, it might have been a matter of Mr. Thomas's direction to say, I will give this up, that I may not be harrassed with any further proceedings; but this was not Mr. Thomas's money, but money that he was employed to collect for others, for the purpose of making the estate of this gentleman solvent, and to discharge his debts; it does; therefore, seem rather an extraordinary conduct on the part of Mr. Thomas, that rather than the enquiry should be proceeded in, he should be desirous of giving up the whole demand. However, these repeated offers were not thought proper to be accepted, it therefore seemed expedient to have a warrant issued to take Mr. Thomas into custody, and he was brought to town for examination; this was as long ago as October, 1799. In the course of this examination, Mr. Thomas presented a memorial to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty and Navy. At that time, the case did not seem to me for the purposes of public justice at all, in a state in which either, with regard to the interests of the prisoner, or the public, it was ripe for trial, and therefore I did, and I hope I did nothing wrong in so doing, I am sure nothing harsh towards Mr. Thomas, in consenting on the part of the Navy Board, that Mr. Thomas should be let out upon bail; this was in October, 1799.
Gentlemen, It is now necessary to state to you the contents of this memorial; he states, that after the extent had issued, the executors were so alarmed, and so disinclined to embark in the trouble of enquiring into these accounts, that they determined to have nothing to do with the effects, and relinquished their trusts in consequence of it; and that he was employed by the creditors in endeavouring to liquidate the accounts. He then states, that he had been told by Mr. Bicknell, by letter, that it was necessary for him to procure vouchers, in order to make good his demand against the public, which was to be set off. He says, in consequence of the above letter, your petitioner's clerk examined into the papers for vouchers, many of which were found in a loose state in the box, and some others, for small sums, appeared to have marks to them; and your petitioner then believing, and still believing that those sums had been paid, and were really due; and the said Adams representing to your petitioner, that Mr. Collinridge in his life-time had occasionally procured receipts for monies paid to be attested afterwards; and your petitioner placing such confidence in said Adams's representation, requested him to attest some of them, which he did without the most distant idea of fraud or intention of imposition. He then states the case of his apprehension, and of the forged mark of a man of the name of Onan, who is represented as not having been capable of writing, and whose signature is attested by persons of the name of Adams and Bigxby.
Gentlemen, with a view to that, he says, that he learned from Adams, that Mr. Collinridge was in the habit of obtaining attestations to the marks of persons subsequent to the period of their making that mark, and finding that that was the habit of Mr. Collinridge, he adopted it, but without any intention of fraud on his part; this showed great inaccuracy, great impropriety, and great neglect, in the manner of that gentleman settling his affairs; and it did not appear to me, that if it could be made out, in fact, that this mark of Wm. Onan had been put in Mr. Collinridge's life-time, he, perhaps, having forged it himself; that Mr. Thomas having procured another person to attest, as if he had seen it done, that that was the mark of the man; however strongly this might lead to fraud, yet, that it would not come up to the charge of uttering an instrument, knowing it to be forged, against Mr. Thomas; and, therefore, the enquiry that I thought important to be made, was to know how far we could, or not, support that part of the assertion contained in the memorial; we made enquiries, and whether it was owing to a great number of persons being creditors, or whether it was from the affection that the people in that neighbourhood have for the character of this respectable gentleman, I know not, but there was considerable difficulty in procuring any intelligence; it then became a question, not being able to prove that these receipts were not so found among Mr. Collinridge's papers, whether it would be proper that this prosecution should be instituted, in the exercise, perhaps, of a very bad direction, I thought it should not, and as soon as I so felt, I thought it proper to give Mr. Thomas the earliest intelligence, that it was not the intention of the Navy Board to prosecute him; I had hardly given this pleasing information to Mr. Thomas, when we procured intelligence of extreme importance, which will be laid before you in evidence, namely, that the receipts, with the mark of William Onan , which are represented in this memorial to be found ready marked among the papers of Mr. Collinridge, were receipts not so found, but receipts drawn up by the\\ a\\ manuensis of Mr. Thomas, subsequent to the period at which they were purported to be drawn. We had, at the same time, procured the means of showing the hand-writing of Mr. Thomas, himself, to a forged receipt, which did away, as appeared to me, the defence that was set up for him; it appeared to me, therefore, to be my duty to give Mr. Thomas the earliest intimation, that the notice, which I had before given, must be considered as countermanded; but as this might lead Mr. Thomas into a situation which might embarrass him very much, the trial was postponed until the present Sessions. Under these circumstances it is now brought before you.
Gentlemen, Having thus stated the general nature of the case, I will very shortly state to you the circumstances that will be laid before you in evidence. The first instrument in the indictment, is an acquittance of a person of the name of William Clarke ; that receipt of William Clarke purports to be a receipt for the sum of, I think, 3l. 12s. for wheelwright's work done on account of his Majesty's service; it will be proved to you, that the body of the receipt is in the hand-writing of Robbins, the\\ a\\ manuensis of Mr. Thomas, who was employed by him to make out this account: the words,\"the honble Commissioners of the Navy,\" will be proved to be in Mr. Thomas's hand-writing, and the signature of William Clarke will be proved to you to be a forgery.
Gentlemen, The only William Clarke that we can find in that neighbourhood, is a wheelwright; and the receipt purports to be for wheelwright's work; we have made all the enquiry possible, and the result is, that no money had ever been paid; that there was none due; nor any work done by him for Mr. Collinridge, at all, subsequent to the year 1788; and that for nineteen years past, the whole\\ amountof work done, by him, for Mr. Collinridge, was no more than 1l. 19s. The forgery of this acquittance will, therefore, be proved; the concern of the prisoner, with the receipt, will be made out, in his own hand-writing, for money which was never paid, and which was, in point of fact, never due. If there is any other person of the name of William Clarke , it will be for the prisoner to show.
With respect to the receipts of William Onan , they are under these circumstances: Onan will tell you, that for four years, from 1794, he did no work for Mr. Collinridge, for he was out of the country; that he had no claim upon Mr. Collinridge for more than 3s. 6d. and these receipts amount to between four and five pounds; he will prove to you, that these receipts, with the mark of William Onan , are not marked by his hand; that he can write his name; that he never made a mark to a receipt in his life; and he is perfectly confident they are a forgery-these receipts are attested by Adams and Bigxby; if they can give any evidence favourable to the prisoner, they will do it; we have thought it proper to bring them here; the prisoner may call them, if he pleases; it is for him to give an explanation of that transaction.
Gentlemen, The next cases are those of Sanders, in which there is this particular and important circumstance: Sanders undoubtedly had been employed by Mr. Collinridge, and had been paid by Mr. Collinridge, and, therefore, there was no impropriety, as far as I conceive, in Mr. Thomas procuring from Sanders, vouchers for money actually due; he applied, therefore, to Sanders, and told him, he found in the accounts of the deceased, some sums of money that had been paid by Mr. Collinridge to him, for which there were no vouchers; Sanders said, he had no demand upon the estate, but if it was so, and others had done the same, he would; he accordingly signed several of these receipts; he found, however, that he had signed one or two receipts of the year 1796, and, upon looking at them, he says to Mr. Thomas, this cannot be right, because I was out of the country in 1796, and, therefore, these receipts I ought not to sign; upon which, Mr. Thomas said, if that was the case, he should sign no more, yet there are, in this account, and charged in this indictment, no less than four receipts of the year 1796, purporting to be signed by this very Sanders, who will tell you, they are not in his hand-writing. If they were receipts that Sanders had signed, Mr. Thomas being afterwards apprized that they could not constitute just items in the account; if Mr. Thomas had not forgot what was due to his own character, and to justice, he would never have presented those receipts; it is for Mr. Thomas to account for that circumstance; if they are signed by Sanders, to be sure, it is no forgery-it is nothing but a gross fraud; but if they are not signed by Sanders, it is both fraud and forgery of the grossest kind.
Gentlemen, There are other receipts of a person of the name of Samuel Treadwell , and, as far as we can find, this name must be a nonentity; we have found out a Mr. John Treadwell , and he will tell you, it is not his handwriting; that if it is meant for him, he has not signed it, and it is a forgery.
Gentlemen, There are other cases, which I do not know that it will be necessary for me to state to you of charges for money not due, for money that has not been paid, and supported and confirmed by false vouchers.
Now, Gentlemen, under these circumstances, it appears necessary to say a few words, and a very few words more. With regard to the nature of making up these vouchers, I should certainly think, that if Mr. Thomas had got persons, who had been paid, and whose receipts had been lost, to sign vouchers for money actually due, that there could be no possible blame rest upon him for endeavouring to obtain accurate vouchers for payments that had actually been made; but, though Mr. Thomas might believe that these sums were so actually due from the public, no man can doubt that the obtaining a false signature, would amount to the crime of forgery, but if he has obtained vouchers for money not due, and from persons, whose names they do not bear, it is a complication of fraud and forgery together.
Gentlemen, What Mr. Thomas's motive could have been for doing this, is beyond my reach, - an adequate motive for the commission of any crime can never exist; the motives which do influence persons to commit crimes, operate different ways-they may operate upon some minds, and not upon others; but I am afraid, it is too true, that whenever the fraud, intended to be practised, is to operate, either by taking money from the public, or with-holding money from the public, that there is a greater facility in the commission of it, than there is when the fraud is to operate against any of our neighbours. When Mr. Thomas was asked if he had any demand upon the estate, he said, he had none; whether any client of his had mortgages upon the estate which had been extented, I know not; whether from good-nature to the numerous creditors of Mr. Collinridge, he was so far blinded as to think it fit to execute such frauds as these, I am perfectly unable to say, but the fact is done; and if Mr. Thomas has wilfully and knowingly uttered these receipts, upon which there can be no question that they were forged, there can be no doubt that he is guilty of the charge laid in this indictment.
Look at that letter; do you know the hand-writing of Mr. Thomas?
It appears to me to be like his handwriting.
Do you believe it to be his?
I do.(The letter read, addressed Benjamin Slade , Esq. Navy-office, London; dated Brackley, 20th May, 1798).
Look at that letter, (Shewing him another)?
Mr. Thomas generally writes his name Geo. this is only G.
Look at the body of the letter?
It appears a good deal like his character.(A letter read, addressed Benj. Slade , Esq. King-street, Deptsord, signed G. Thomas; dated Brackley, 5th May, the year obliterated by the wafer).
Look at that, (shewing him another letter)
I believe this to be Mr. Thomas's hand-writing.(A letter read, addressed Chas. Bicknell , Efq. Norfolk-street, London; Signed Geo. Thomas , Brackley, dated 10th June, 1798).
Look at tha (shewing him another letter)
This appears to be like Mr. Thomas's handwriting.(A letter read, addressed to Wm. Young Knight , Esq. Great Marlborough-street, London; signed Geo. Thomas; dated Brakely 25th Feb. 1799).
Look at that, (Shewing him another letter)?
It appears like Mr. Thomas's Writing.(A letter read, addressed the Honorable commsinors of his Majesty's Navy, Navy-office,Samerset-house, London; signed G. Themas; dated Brackley, 23d April, 1799).
Look at that, (shewing him the memorial)
I believe this to be his hand-writing. (It is read).
How long was it after the death of Mr. Collinridge, before this letter of the 28th May, 1798 (in which Mr. Thomas states the impossibility of settling the accounts, and his readiness to put the accounts into the hands of the Navy Board) was written?
I do not know.
How long have you been acquainted with Mr. Thomas?
All my life-time.
You are of the same profession?
I am.
And, therefore, have had an opportunity of seeing his conduct as a professional man, and as a private man?
Yes; I have transacted business with him several times.
You have, no doubt, had an opportunity of seeing the estimation in which he has been held by others?
He bears a universal good character; no man in the profession need with for a better.
From an acquaintance with his character, do you think a large pecuniary sum would induce him to commit a fraud?
I think not.
I believe it happens to be within your knowledge, that he has to-day surrendered himself to take his trial upon this capital charge?
Yes.
You are solicitor for the Navy-office?
I am.
In the early part of 1799, did you see Mr. Thomas at your house in Norfolk-street?
I did.
Did he ever deliver to you any accounts, as vouchers?
He brought a book of accounts, and a parcel tied up, which parcel I did not open.
Did he deliver them to you as the vouchers for that account?
He delivered them to me as accounts to be delivered to the Commissioner of the Navy; the next day I carried them to the Navy-office, and delivered them to Mr. Hartwell.
Was Mr. Hartwell the proper officer for their examination?
Yes.
Did Mr. Thomas express to you the purpose for which he delivered them to you?
He expressed a desire that somebody else should be appointed by the board to settle them; I told him that could not be done, he must make out the accounts himself, and if he could, from the papers that he had found; I likewise told him he must produce vouchers for the payments, or else they would not be allowed; he called once or twice upon me afterwards, and I told him the accounts were in a course of investigation.
When you told him he must make out the accounts himself, had you seen those accounts?
Yes.
It contains a great variety of items for small sums, digging a saw-pit here, greasing wheels there, and an infinity of articles, and not kept with any degree of accuracy?
The book was tendered to me after the prosecution commenced, but I never looked into it.
In those conversations which you had with Mr. Thomas, long before any prosecution was thought of, did he not represent that the account was almost an impracticable one?
Yes.
That there were a great number of vouchers, some signed, and some not, some with marks, and some with names?
Yes, to that effect.
And wished the Navy-board would take it into their own hands?
Yes.
Among those vouchers there are several hundred receipts?
I cannot say, there were a great many.
What may be the amount in value of those, upon which this indictment is framed?
I cannot say.
About eighty or ninety pounds.
Do you know that Mr. Thomas was neither an executor nor a creditor, under Mr. Collinridge's will?
No.
Have you any reason to know that he has no pecuniary interest up to the extent of one shilling, or one penny in making up the account of Mr. Collinridge against the Navy-board larger than the truth?
I do not know that he has.
Has he any more interest in the subject to your knowledge, than yourself, or any other respectable solicitor?
None.
Examined by Mr. Knapp I am a clerk in the Comptroller's-office, in the Navy-office, where accounts are delivered in.
You have several under you in that office?
Yes.
do you remember Mr. Bicknell bringing any accounts, and a parcel to your office?
Yes, about eighteen months ago.
Were those accounts and parcel put in the usual place?
Yes.
In order to know, where to place them, you looked into them, and saw that they were accounts and vouchers?
I did not open them; I left them upon the desk as Mr. Bicknell brought them to me; Mr. Peyton had them.
Examined by Mr. Percival. I found a book of accounts upon my desk, with a parcel.
Look at that book?
This is the book.
Did you inspect that book?
I did, very particularly.
Be so good as look at those vouchers, and say if they are part of the vouchers contained in that bundle?
There are some I can speak to, both with respect to the papers and the book, upon which I have made marks and calculations; I find one here of William Sanders 's, upon which I made a calculation, it is a receipt for seventeen pounds five shillings; when I came to a receipt that required calculation, I made a mark upon it to see that it corresponded with the charge, this is dated the 6th of April, 1796; here is another also of William Sanders 's dated the 8th of August, 1796; three hundred and twenty-five cross cuts in navy timber, at three-pence each, four pounds four shillings.
Have you any recollection so as to be able to speak to the vouchers in your hand?
They appear to me to be the same.
Do you know that the\\ amountof the balance appears to be?
There was no balance struck when it was delivered to me; Mr. Collinridge in his life-time carried on his balances in a way that I could not understand, and I gave credit for vouchers accompanied by receipts.
So you found upon the loose papers to be made out after his death, that there was no balance struck?
Yes.
How many articles are there in this book?
They are numbered in the book, 532 articles.
Examined by Mr. Dampier. I am a surveyor and converter of timber under the Navy Board, in Salsey and Whittlewood Forests.
How long have you been in that situation?
Three years last May.
On the 6th of June, 1799, did you receive from the Navy Board this account book?
Yes, I did.
Where did you reside at that time?
At Potter's-pury; after I had received that book, I received the vouchers.
The vouchers that you received, you afterwards gave to Mr. Knight?
I sent them to the Board.
Are those the same vouchers?
They are.
Did you see the prisoner afterwards?
I did; he came to my house, and enquired whether I could give him any information when it would be settled, and I told him I could not.
Did you see him afterwards again?
He came to my house several times; I shewed him a copy of the book, and the receipts, and I told him the consequences appeared to me alarming; says I, I have found a man that was not in the country during that time, and that he could write his name; that was Wm. Onan ; I told him, I had shewn him the receipt; he seemed rather alarmed, put his hands together, and said, if I would write to the Board, he would do any thing that they wished; he said, there was twelve hundred and odd pounds, I think, due from the Board, and he would give that up; he sat down in my room, and wrote a copy for me to write to the Board.
Look at that paper?
This is the copy that he wrote; I saw him write it; I took out what I thought necessary, and wrote to the Board.(The copy read).\" Honorable Sirs,
Did you see him after that conversation again?
He came to my house some time after, and asked me whether I had had any letter from the Board, and I told him, I had not.
Did you tell him, or did he know, that you had sent a letter according to that copy?
I told him that I had; he then said, I am willing to give up to their Honors the estates and lands to do as they please with.
Did any further conversation pass between you?
Not that I recollect.
Can you recollect any thing at any other time?
Whenever Mr. Thomas has come to my house, the conversation has been in the same manner, when I thought it would be finished, and whether the Board would accept it.
Did you ever tell him what the result of your enquiries were?
I saw that there were things and vouchers there that I thought Government ought not to be charged with.
Did you ever shew the prisoner your mode of keeping accounts?
I did; and he said, he thought it was exceedingly well; he said, there was none like unto that in Mr. Collinridge's accounts; he said, it was all in a confused state, as he had received it, to the best of my recollection; he said, he had got some rough accounts, that he had gathered what he could from, and that there was no book.
There was a box full of loose accounts, some importing to be vouchers, some bills, some receipts; in short, a confused mass?
Very much confused.
I believe, before Mr. Collinridge's death, you offered to assist him in his accounts?
I did.
Mr. Collinridge had been a shipwright in Deptford-yard?
Yes.
How long before his death had you applied to him to offer your assistance to make up his accounts?
Five or six months.
From your knowledge of the business, do you not think that it was impossible for any man, but himself, to make out the accounts?
I never saw his accounts; he was requested by the Board to give me all the assistance he could, but he never would let me fee any of his writing.
Upon all these occasions he was very anxious to have the accounts settled?
Yes; after he had applied to me.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am the wife of the last witness.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar, Mr. Thomas?
I do.
Do you remember his coming to your house at any time, and when?
I cannot recollect the time when, nor how long ago.
Do you remember a time that he came when your husband was not at home?
Yes; I said Mr. Thomas you must have had a great deal of trouble and patience in making out these accounts, and he signified to me that he and his young man had done it.
Examined Mr. Percival. I am a painter and glazier, and I have been employed to write by Mr. Thomas.
Were you ever employed to write for Mr. Collinridge?
No; I was emloyed by Mr. Thomas to make out of the account between Mr.Collinridge's estate and the Navy Board.
Have the goodness to look at these vouchers, and tell me whose hand-writting the body of them are?
(Looks at one). The two top lines are in my hand-writting; the bottom line is not.
what is the bottom line?
\"For the Honorable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy.\"	"a
Do you know Mr. Thomas's hand-writing?
Yes; but that is not Mr. Thomas's writing; I was employed to make out the accounts from loose memorandums; as soon as I found any charge against any body, I posted it in the book.
You made the book from loose and rough papers, and when you did not find the corresponding vouchers, you made a voucher to correspond with the book?
Yes.
DO you the hand-writting of Wm. Clarke ?
I do not.
Now look at the five next receipts; are those your hand-writting?
They appear to be my hand-writing.
You must know whether they are or not?
Yes, I believe they all are, but the signatures and the attestations.
Is the word \"witness\" your hand-writing?
No.
Are the word, \"The mark of Wm. Onan ,\" your hand-writing?
No, they are not.
Now at Sanders receipts; there are eight of them?
The body of them all are my hand-writing.
Now look at those two of Treadwell's?
The body of them, I believe also to be my handwriting.
Now look at those of Wm. Hall ?
The body of them are, likewise, my hand-writing.
Are the words.\"for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy,\" your hand-writing?
Yes.
There are two of D'Orville's, look at them?
Those are my hand-writing, except the words\"for the use of his Majesty's navy.\"	"a
Are the words, \"on account of Mr. Vincent Sharpe ,\" your hand-writing?
No.
Mr. Thomas is an attorney of great respectability, and doing a great deal of business?
Yes.
He had no time to do this himself, and he employed to make out these accounts as well as you could?
Yes.
And for that purpose, he put into your possession, as far as you know, all the papers of Mr. Collinridge?
I believe, every one of them.
They consist of loose memorandums for work done, some receipts signed, some unsigned, and a variety of other matters?
Just so; there were some papers with dates, and some without.
Among the papers handed to you, were there some receipts which imported to be for payment made, which were figured?
There were.
Were there others which imported to be receipts for business done for the Navy Board, not yet signed, but ready to be signed?
Yes.
And from those documents you made out vouchers; for instance, when you found Wm. Hall for digging a saw-pit, though there was no voucher, you entered that in your book?
Yes.
And then you looked for corresponding receipts?
Yes; there was a great number of receipts that I found signed.
In many other instance, did you find receipts made out, corresponding with your charge, but not yet signed?
Yes.
Upon the solemn oath that you have taken, did not Mr. Thomas desire you to make out the account as accurately as you could, but, above all, to make it justify, and to charge nothing that you did not see a voucher for?
Mr. Thomas always desired me to make out a just account, to the best of my abilities, between both parties.
Did he give you the smallest intimation to charge a single farthing against Government, for which you did not find charges?
He did not.
Did you, making out that account, charge a single farthing against Government, that you did not think conscientiously you had a right to do from the papers of Mr. Collinridge?
No, I never did.
Did you, as far as you could collect from the papers of Mr. Colinridge, make just allowances to Government?
I did.
Did not Mr. Thomas, upon all occasions, when he talked to you about the account, tell you to charge fairly and justify?
He always desired me to do that that was right.
I believe it happens to you to know, that it was Mr. Collinridge's course, instead of taking every Saturday a receipt for eighteen shillings, seven shillings, three shillings, and so on, from the different people, to get them together at different periods, and take vouchers in the lump?
I have understood so from his workmen.
But in point of fact you found many papers that appeared to be prepared for that object?
Yes.
Upon your oath, did you make one single voucher ready for signature, for which you did not find a charge in Mr. Collinridge's papers?
No, I never did.
Do you mean to say, that every receipt you made, you found a charge for?
Every one.
Don't you know, of your own knowledge, that a great number of those memorandums from which you made your vouchers, are actually destroyed?
They are, a great of them.
Did you not make out your account in a room appropriated for that purpose, and in which the children of that unfortunate gentleman, and the children of a Mr. Jones were frequently playing?
Yes.
Suppose there was a charge of John Stiles for filling up saw-pits, when you had taken that from a loose paper, did you store it up?
No, I frequently laid it a side, thinking it was done with.
Don't you know that those children played with them, and made thread papers of them?
Yes; I have seen them playing with papers, and have taken them away, and given them other slips that I thought were of no use, they had access to the room as much when I was not there, as when I was.
Then, have you any doubt that a great number of Mr. Collinridge's papers were destroyed in the manner in which you have described?
I have not the smallest doubt.
Do you know, that after you had made out your book account, and had got together such unsigned prepared receipts as were found in the papers of Mr. Collinridge, and had made out other to correspond with the demands, that public notice was given to a persons who had done work for Mr. Collinridge to assemble at a public-house to sign voucher?
I know there was an appontment made for them to meet there.
And made publickly known to the whole country?
Yes.
When was that?
I cannot say.
Soon after you had compleated your work?
Yes.
Did Mr. Thomas know that these papers wre upon to the access of these children to destroy?
Yes, he knew they were there, he was in the next room, in his own office.
Was he aware of the careless way in which you kept those papers, which were the only documents for the books that you were making out?
He knew that they were in the room, certainly.
Do you mean to say, that he knew they were lying about in that careless way?
He must have known it.
Did you ever take occasion to tell Mr. Thomas of the children taking these papers?
No.
Do you know, Of your own knowledge, that there was a great many destroyed?
I knew that there were a great many gone somewhere.
Did you ever see them destroy a single one?
I do not know that I ever did.
Then all you know is, that some of these papers are destroyed and missing?
Yes.
Were those papers destroyed immidiately after the account was delivered in, or lately?
None lately, none since Mr. Thomas has been prosecuted.
Do you know whether Mr.Thomas has looked for those papers?
I do not know.
Did you know of Mr. Thomas's bringing those papers to London?
Yes.
Did you tell Mr. Thomas that there were some of them lost?
No.
When was it that you found out that some of them had been destroyed?
Since I have been in London.
Since you have been in London upon this trial?
No, I had been in London before.
When was is that you looked over the accounts in London?
It was the first time that I came to London.
Where was it?
At Mr. Thomas's agent's.
Was it after Mr. Thomas had been before the Magistrate?
Yes.
Do you remember the time when Mr. Thomas presented his memorial to the Lords of the Admiralty?
I do not.
The first discovery you made of these papers being absolutely missing, was, when you searched for them in London?
I can only say, that there are a great many of them lost, and I dare say, a great many destroyed.
Are there many memoranda still existing?
There are a great many papers.
Then you do not know but they may be still existing all the originals from which these vouchers were made?
I do not know.
Do you know which of these receipts are in the indictment, and which are not?
Examined by Mr. Feilding. I am a wheeler, I did live at Whittlebury, near Potter's-pury, but have left it about twenty years.
How far is the place to which you removed from Whittlebury, from Mr. Collinridge's residence?
About five miles.
Did you at any time do any work for Mr. Collinridge?
Yes, I put two new axles into the timber wheels and other things.
Were you paid for those things?
A part of it; there was eight or fourpence of it left unpaid, at one time, that was in 1781.
Have you never done any work for him since?
Yes, I did some in 1788.
Were you paid for that?
A part of it.
How much, upon the whole, do you think remained due to you from him?
I think about seventeen or eighteen shillings in the whole.
How came you not go to him in his lifetime for it?
I went several times, and he said, if I would come over to Whittlebury, he would pay it, and I went several times.
Do you know ant other William Clarke , a wheelwright, in that neighbourhood?
No; I have a brother, John Clarke .
Can you write your name?
Yes.
Look at the name William Clarke , to that paper, and say whether it is your writting or not?
No, it is not my hand-writting.
Were you at Brackley, in Northamptonshire, in the year 1799?
No; I was at Hanscomb, in Buckinghamshire.
Did you see Mr. Thomas at any time in 1799?
No.
Mr. Collinridge was not very punctual in his payments?
No, he used to shuffle with every body; we used to get a little at a time, and a promise to rest another day.
And every now and then he took it in his head to get people together to sign receipts?
I do not know, I never signed any.
Potter's pury is distant from Brackley, fourteen miles, is it not?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Dampier. I am a carpenter at Potter's-pury.
Did you ever work for Mr. Collinridge?
Yes.
How long is it since you did any work for him upon the forest accounts?
I do not know justly; I think about 1791, he owed me about three shillings and sixpence then, but that was on my own account, and not on the forest account; I left Potter's-Pury in 1794, and was four years out.
Can you write?
Yes, a little.
Can you write your name?
Yes.
Look at those receipts?
This is not mine.
There is one of Decemenber, 1794, were you in the country then?
No.
Is that your mark?
No, they are none of them my marks.
Were you in that country in 1796?
No.
You left the Forest in 1794?
Yes.
When did you to that neighbourghood again?
I was out four years.
In what month in 1798 was it that you returned?
I cannot say.
Was it before Midsummer?
I cannot say.
Do you remember being at Charlton's, the Rein-deer, at Potters-pury, in August 1798?
I do not remember that I ever was there at all.
Will you swear you never were?
I don't remember that I ever was.
Now have a care upon your oath, were you not, on the 7th of August 1798, at Charlton's house, the Rein-deer, at Potters-Pury?
I don't know that I was; if I was, I don't remember it.
Do you know Charlton's house?
Yes.
Do you know any of his servants?
No.
Do you know Sarah Vincent ?
No.
Do you know a labourer of the name of Thomas Chatwin , who lives at Ladbroke?
No.
What makes you doubtful whether you were at the Rein-deer or not?
Because I do not remember it.
You had heard of a difficulty in settling Mr. Collinridge's accounts with the Navy Board?
No.
Upon your oath, were you not present at a meeting of persons who had bad claims upon Mr. Collinridge, on The 7th of August, 1798, at Potters-pury?
Nobody sent for me; I never went up.
Will you venture to swear that you were not present at a meeting of persons assembled to sign receipts for monies due to Mr. Collinridge on that day, at the Rein-deer, at Potters-pury?
I know nothing about it.
Will you swear that you were not there?
I was out four years.
Were you present, on the 7th of August, 1798, at Charlton's, at Potters-pury, when a number of persons were there who signed receipts, in your presence, for monies due to Mr. Collinridge?
I believe I was not.
Do you swear that positivly?
I cannot remember it no ways in the world; I must be drunk if I was there.
Do you not know that many people, whom you well knew, who had done work for Mr. Collinridge, assembled there at that time?
I was not there, and do not remember it.
Then you never heard that nay persons did assembled there for the purpose of signing vouchers?
I was never ordered to be there.
Will you swear that you were not there, and did not put not hand to a paper purporting to be a receipt to Mr. Collinridge?
I did not.
Did you never frequent that house after you returned to the country?
I have not been in it above once or twice, since Charlton has kept it.
Mr. Collinridge was not very punctual in his payments?
I got my money of him one way and another.
Did you make out any bills against him?
Not for the ship timber; for the building timber I did.
Do you know a person of the name Roper?
Yes, very well.
What is he?
A gentleman.
Have you known him many years?
Yes.
Do you know Mr. William Jackson ?
Yes.
Have you known him many years?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a sawyer at Potters-pury.
Have you been employed by the late Mr. Collinridge?
Yes, I have worked for him.
Did he owe you anything at the time of his death?
I cannot say, I never had any account against him.
Do you remember Mr. Thomas coming over to you at Potters-pury, in the winter of 1798?
I remember his coming over, but I cannot say when it was; it is about a year and a half, or two years ago; he sent for me to the Rein-deer; he asked me whether I had done such and such work, I said, yes; I did do such work, but what it came to, I could not tell; he said he was likely to settle the business of Mr. Collinridge.
Did you sign any receipt?
Yes.
Did you sign more than one?
I cannot say how many I did sign.
Did you sign six?
I dare say I signed more than that, but I cannot recollect how many.
Did you sign all that were offered you to sign?
No.
Why did not you?
Because I know very well that I was in London at work at the time they were dated; for I signed one of that date before I was aware, that was in the year 1796; and then I refused to sign any more, because as I was in London at the time, I knew it could not be right.
What became all of those receipts?
I left them upon the table.
Did you give Mr. Thomas a reason why you would not sign them?
Yes, I gave him the same reason that I do now.
Look at those receipts, and tell us if they are of your hand-writting?
I have examined them thoroughly, and I believe none of them to be of my hand-writting.
You believe they are not your hand-writting, but you are not sure of it?
I don't know how to speak to that.
Are you sure they are not your hand-writting?
I believe they are not.
You trusted to Mr. Collinridge as to the accuracy of the sums, I suppose?
Yes.
You did not make out the bills?
No. he made the bills, I suppose.
When you signed the receipts that you did sign, were you alone, or was any body else there?
There was one other person signed, one Thomas Robertson ; that was at the Rein-deer; either Mr. Thomas, or Mr. Charlton, sent for me.
There was a public notice given of that meeting?
Not that I know of.
Examined by Mr. Percival. I am a blacksmith, about five miles from Potters pury.
Did you ever do any work for Mr. Collinridge?
Yes, in the year 1793. 1794, and 1795.
Did you work for him under his contract for the Navy Board?
Yes.
Was there any thing due from him to you at the time of his death?
No.
Have you done any work for him since 1795?
No.
Do you know any person of the name of Samuel Treadwell , a blacksmith, in your neighbourhood?
No.
Did you ever sign your name Samuel?
No, never.
Look at those receipts, and see if they are your hand-writing?
They are not.
Do you know Mr. Thomas, the attorney of Brackley?
I don't know that I know him; I saw him once before, but I did not know him.
Did you ever deliver any bills to Mr. Collinridge?
Yes.
Did you ever give him any receipts?
No.
Examined by Mr. Feilding. I am a farmer at Hartwell, five miles from Poters-pury.
Did you ever work for Mr. Collinridge?
Yes.
Is there any money due from him to you?
Four or five shillings.
Do you know any other Richardson, a farmer, in your neighbourhood?
No.
How much may you have done for him at different times?
A. One two pounds eighteen shillings, and another fourteen shillings.
You never gave him any receipt?
No.
Had you ever delivered any bills to Mr. Col linridge in his life-time?
No, I never received any money from him; I bought some wood of him, and we never came to a settlement.
Examined by Mr. Dampier. I am a wheelwright at Syersham, near Whittlebury Forest.
Did you ever work for Adams?
Yes; I did some farming work; some of it I was never paid for.
Did you ever do any thing for Mr. Collinridge?
Yes; I never did but one job for him, and that was in 1792.
Were you paid for that?
I rented a shop of him, and it was settled that way.
Look at those four receipts, and see if the names of William Hall are in your hand-writing?
No, neither of them.
Do you know any other person of the name of William Hall, in that country, a wheelwright?
No.
How long have you known Mr. Thomas?
Many years.
During that time, what has been his general character?
A very good one; I never heard any thing to the contrary.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a timber-merchant, in patnership with Vincent Shortland , at Oxford.
You became partners in October 1799?
We did.
Look at those receipts; and tell us whether the signatures are your's?
No, they are not.
Examined by Mr. Dampier. I am in partnership with the last witness, at Oxford.
Have you ever had any dealings with Mr. Collinridge?
Yes, twice, about five pounds all together; it was paid me by Mr. Collinridge himself; I cannot say whether he had a receipt for it, or not.
I believe you have been acquainted with Mr. Thomas many years?
Yes.
What has been his general character - Did you ever know a man who bore a better?
I never heard the least little against him; I believe he is a man of very good character.
My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, if it should appear to the Court and Jury that I have done any thing wrong in this matter, I am the most unfortunate of human beings. I was called upon, by Mr. Collinridge, to make his will: after his death, it was necessary that his account with the Navy-board should be adjusted; it appeared to me next to impossible that it could be done; I was desired to do it as well as I was able; I had neither leisure nor ability to do it; I employed an accomptant, and the papers and vouchers were made out by him in the best manner he could; I had no suspicion there was any thing wrong; I had no interest in the subject, I had no indictment to do any things amiss; I have transmitted business to a large amount, for persons of the highest respectability, to whose voluntary and kind testimony to my intregity, I have the satisfaction to appeal with confidence; in October last, I had the first intimation, that a charge of a serious nature was made against me; I have, since that, been many months at large upon bail, always ready to meet any charge that might be brought forward; I have now submitted myself to the justice of my country, in the humble confidence that they will not take away a life valueable to myself, more valuable to my family, for an offence from which, if I had committed it, I could not have benefited one shilling, and for which I hope the whole tenor of my life proves I could have no inducement.
I believe you live near Mr. Thomas?
Within three doors; my children visited his family; and soon after Mr. Thomas was taken into custody, I observed in my children's hands, several papers of Mr. Collinridge's, one bill particularly of his, and other papers which I sent to Mrs. Thomas.
Examined by Mr. Garrow. I keep the Rein-deer, in Whittlebury Forest.
Do you remember any meetings at your house, for the purpose of giving receipts?
There were several.
In the life-time of Mr. Collinridge?
No.
When was the first meeting of that kind at the instance of Mr. Thomas?
In 1798.
Was there a general notice given for persons to come who were known to have done work for the Navy-board, for Mr. Collinridge?
Yes; there were some that I saw sign receipts.
Were there many persons attended?
Yes.
Were receipts prepared for them against they came?
Yes.
Were there, at any of those meetings, any vouchers left to be signed?
There were some vouchers left to be signed by George Jackson .
Was this meeting generally known in the neighbourhood?
Yes.
Was there any other general meeting?
Yes, several times; Mr. Thomas came to my house and had several people there; I believe he was not acquainted with many of them.
These were labourers that had been employed to do business for Mr. Collinridge?
Yes.
