On the 15th of November I was sitting at Mrs. Macdaniel's door, in the evening, in St. George's-fields , to the best of my recollection it was between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; the prisoner at the bar came up to me, and d-d me for a b-h of a wh-e, how dared I insult his daughter; the answer I made was, I have not spoke to your daughter; he said, you lie, you b-h, and with that he knocked me down; when I was getting up, I had a twenty-shilling note in my hand, I was going out to get change, and he tore it out of my hand, and put it in his pocket.
Where was it that he struck you?
On this cheek, I believe.
Did it stun you?
It knocked me down to the ground, but I was sensible; he knocked me down several times after that, and the neighbours cried out shame on him to use a woman so; and he said I was a b-h and a wh-e, and he would serve any b-h of a wh-e, that came to take my part, the same; he went away, and then I went to the Magistrate's; the officer, Mr. Brown, came to me, and said, I have got a warrant against you; I asked him what it was for; and he said, George Gowens had taken out a warrant against me; I went up at six o'clock, but it was not heard till the next morning; when the Magistrate came to hear it he discharged me.
What did he charge you with?
Beating of him.
When did you see the prisoner afterwards?
Not till the night that he was apprehended.
You have known this man some years?
Ever since I have been married, last September, by fight.
He and your husband are pretty intimate, are they not?
I believe they are.
You believe they are to this very moment?
I cannot say I am sure.
Is your husband here?
Yes.
Have you brought him here as a witness for you?
I do not know.
Upon your oath, do not you know that he is a witness for the prisoner?
No; he told me he was subpoenaed.
Have you subpoenaed him?
No.
Then do not you know he is come here as a witness for the prisoner?
My husband can say nothing about it.
Had you the misfortune to be taken up for an assault in May last?
No.
Were you not taken up twice last year?
Yes.
Who bailed you on both of these occasions, did not the prisoner?
No, only once.
He struck you, did he not; both your eyes are very black I see now?
They are, but not with that.
He charged you with beating him upon this day?
Yes.
And when you were discharged before the Magistrate you made a charge against him?
Yes.
I give you warning, there are witnesses here from the office - upon your oath, did you say one single syllable about the robbery?
Yes; I told the Magistrate that he had beat me, and robbed me of a twenty-shilling note.
And yet he discharged him?
Yes.
And then you went before another Magistrate, did not you?
No.
And without going before any Magistrate you went to the Sessions, and preferred this indictment?
I am not obliged to answer that.
You preferred your indictment, and you got a warrant, and had him taken up?
No; he was taken up upon the certificate of the indictment.
How long after the indictment was found did you take him up?
I believe, a day or two.
At the time this transaction took place, I suppose you were perfectly sober?
I believe I was.
Then, I suppose, you were sober when you went to the office at six o'clock at night?
I was not drunk.
Upon your oath, were not you so drunk that the Justice could not examine you till the next morning;
No, I was not.
Had you and the prisoner ever any quarrel before this transaction?
Yes, once; but it was three weeks before.
After that quarrel, had you never said you would be revenged of him?
No.
You never said so to your own husband?
No.
What did you and the prisoner quar rel about?
We had some words on the Deptford-road.
What was the cause of the quarrel?
I cannot say.
Did it come to blows?
No.
I was standing at my own door, and Mrs. Griffiths came to enquire if I had heard from my husband, and this man came up and knocked her down; he has been a neighbour to me a great while; he used a little rough language to her, and knocked her down.
Do you recollect what it was that he said?
It was language that I am a stranger to; be said she had been beating his child; I cannot say what was before; he knocked her down three times; and after he was gone, she said he had taken a note from her; I asked her what note, and she said a twenty-shilling note; I saw a piece of paper in her hand, but I did not know what it was; he knocked her down three times, and kicked her once.
Was Mrs. Griffiths sober?
Yes, at that time; but not afterwards.
Were you with her before the Justice?
Yes.
She was so drunk there that she could not be examined?
The gentleman said there were so many he could not get through them that night.
Before he knocked her down, he said she had been beating his child?
Yes.
He has five?
Yes.
Upon your oath, did she not throw half a brickbat at his head?
Yes.
Did you not see his head bleed?
No.
Do not you know she cut his head open?
No.
Did you see him afterwards at the office?
Yes.
Did you not see then that his head was cut open?
No.
When she got to the Justice's, she charged the prisoner with the robbery?
I was not called in till she had spoke.
I was subpoenaed here, I believe by Mrs. Griffiths; but I know nothing about it.
Did you see her knocked down?
Yes.
Did you see her throw a brickbat at his head?
Yes.
Before or after she was knocked down?
After she was knocked down.
Did you see him lay hold of her hand?
No; there had some words past.
I am an officer of Shadwell office.
Look at that warrant; had you that warrant to execute on the 15th of November last?
On the 15th of November the prisoner came to me for a warrant against Ann Griffiths; the back part of his head was cut very much; Mr. Staples granted a warrant; in consequence of that Ann Griffiths came to a public-house about an hour after, for a warrant against him for beating her; that was about three o'clock; I told her Gowens had got a warrant against her, and she must attend at six o'clock in the evening; I went to her house and she was very much in liquor, so that she could not attend at the office; the next day I went down to Gowens about seven o'clock in the evening, to know why he did not bring the woman down, and she was gone; I overtook her in Ratcliff-highway, and she was then so intoxicated that she was obliged to be led by another woman; she came into the office and had a hearing before Mr. Staples; she said then she had lost a twenty-shilling note; she was very much in liquor then; Mr. Staples asked Gowens whether he meant to hold her to bail for cutting his head; and he said he did not wish to hurt her, as her husband was away from home; and Mr. Staples said, shall I discharge her then, and he said, yes; I heard no more of it till the 9th of December, the day that the indictment was brought to me; I went to see for Gowens that evening, but did not find him; on the 10th, I apprehended Gowens, in company with some other officers, and brought him to the office; he was committed.
Do you know what he is?
He lodges seafaring men; I have known him about a twelvemonth; she is a woman that has frequently been at the office for assaults.
I suppose, Gentlemen, you are satisfied by this time.
I have two witnesses who saw the transaction.
