I am the wife of Thomas Malton , the prisoner was my servant ; I hired her in January last, and she was discharged about ten days before Christmas; I live in Long-acre ; I missed a great number of articles, but had so good an opinion of the prisoner, that I had not the least suspicion of her; the children came home from school at Christmas, and they asked me for some new silver that had been given them the Christmas before; I looked into the drawers, and found them in disorder; I was then alarmed, I immediately looked over my table linen, I missed a large damask tablecloth, a pair of Mr. Bell's stockings, and a silk handkerchief; in consequence of something which passed, I got a search warrant upon the 23d of December; she was lodging at No. 10, Poole's-buildings, Mount-pleasant; I went there with the officer; the prisoner was not at home, she came in before the search was over; the officer broke open her box; when she came in we were looking over the box, we found in it a small napkin, a pair of stockings, and a duplicate of a table-cloth, pawned for fifteen shillings; and I said, Betty, I am sorry to find these stockings here, for the last words you said to me, were, that you hoped I should find them; she said, they were not mine, and she was taken into custody.
I am a pawnbroker; (produces a damask table-cloth and a silk handkerchief:) I believe I took them in of the prisoner, but I have not the least recollection of her; I lent her fifteen shillings upon them, in the name of Mrs. Roberts.
You have other servants in the house?
Yes.
You took this servant with a character?
Yes.
Do you recollect the circumstance of her having found a Bank-note in the house, and produced it to you?
No.
Nor a banker's check?
No.
The prisoner at the bar was with me to save her rent and firing; neither me nor the prisoner were at home when the officer came; they had just done searching when I came in.
Whose box was it that they opened?
Her own box; I found a pillow under the bed in which she laid, and carried it to Mrs. Malton; it was not mine, and therefore I supposed it was her's; I have a child of the prisoner's.
Was there any money left for the purpose of redeeming the things?
There was money left to induce me to give up the things, in case Mr. Malton should not prosecute.
That was after she was in custody?
Yes.
