I am a labouring man , I have no certain place to live in; all the harvest I have been in the fen country, and since that I have been potatoe digging. The first time I saw the prisoner was last Monday night, at No. 1, Wright's-buildings, near Smithfield. On Tuesday night, a fellow-labourer of mine, William Daly , and his wife, and the prisoner at the bar, asked me to go out, and we went to St. Giles's, to the Black Horse, and had something to drink; then we went to Phoenix-street , to a lodging-house, Mrs. Callaghan's; Daly and his wife went into one room, and the prisoner and I into another; I sent for some gin and beer; she desired me to tell her what I had about me, that it might be all safe in the morning; I pulled out eleven guineas and a half in gold; I put it down by the side of the bed, and my breeches under my pillow; she did not undress herself, she complained she was hungry; I told her the woman of the house would bring in any thing she wanted; she said, she had rather go herself, and get something nice for supper; the beer and the gin came in, and she took the beer down to take the chill off; she locked the door upon me, I thought she would come back again; after I had lain some time, I looked, and found my purse and my money gone; I tried to get out, but could not; I knocked at the door, but nobody came; I went to-bed again till eight o'clock in the morning, and then I knocked at the door again; the servant let me out, and I told Daly and his wife of it; then we went to M'Daniel's, and I told him of it; we found the prisoner very drunk with some gold rings on her fingers, which she had not the night before; I wanted to get her to Wright's-buildings, but she would not go; I sent for Mr. White, a constable, and he took her in possession; he has got 10 l. 19 s.
Were you sober?
Yes, and as sensible as I am now.
I am an officer, I apprehended the prisoner in Hatton-garden; she denied having a farthing about her; she was searched three times before it was found; I stripped her almost naked, and then the purse, containing 10 l. 19 s. dropped from her.
I went with these people in a coach to St. Giles's; we drank a great deal of beer and gin, and it affected my head very much; then we went to a lodging-house, and this man went to-bed; I sat on a chair; he desired me to come to-bed, and I told him I did not belong to him, and I would not; he then gave me a shilling to get something to drink, and I went away; I had no more of his money.
