I am a goldbeater , No. 22, Dean-street, Holborn ; the prisoner lived servant with me near two years and a half ago, she was a servant of all work.
How long did she live in your service
It did not exceed five weeks. On the 15th of this month, about eight o'clock in the evening, my wife was washing in the washhouse in the back yard; there were some articles wanting to wash; the servant maid went up stairs and found the room door of my bed chamber locked; the property was taken away from the first floor; she came down and said the door was locked. I looked about for the key, supposing it had been mislaid; I took a candle; the entrance to my bed chamber is very dark. I went up one pair of stairs to ascertain whether the room door was locked; I found the door locked and the key out of it; I asked my wife about the key, and all my domestics; my wife said she believed it had been left in the door. In a few minutes afterwards my wife went up stairs and found the room door open; she called me up; I found the room door open, and the room was all in confusion.
How long was this after the first time of going up
About ten minutes. I have sworn to the room door being locked, and the prisoner was in the room at the same time; I found several things were missing and the bed clothes tumbled and the sheets apparently going to be taken away; my wife opened the drawers and found they had been ransacked, and the articles in the indictment were missing; the property was not removed off my premises, they were taken up to the attic story and placed in a basket ready to be carried away. There were several other articles found on the prisoner when she was taken to the watchhouse.
Can you undertake to say that those things that you saw in the attic in the basket, were ever in your bed room
They were in my bed room in the morning, that I have sworn to. When I was acquainted that the drawers were ransacked, I said no person has come down stairs with a bundle, they must have ascended after I found the room door locked. I watched the passage to see that no person came down.
You went from this room that you saw so ransacked up into the attic
I did. Upon the landing place I saw the bundle of clothes, but I did not immediately inspect them; I made a search near the tops of some of the houses out of my own trap door, I could find no person whatever. I came down stairs; my apprentice went up and saw these bundle of clothes, it was brought down by him, it is the property that is laid in the indictment. I am sure I saw my coats in the bed room in the morning; we went up again; a thought struck me that there was a possibility of a person being concealed behind the partition, and the prisoner was found behind a partition adjoining my premises, at the top of the house, that separates my neighbours and my own.
The second search you found her behind the partition - you were present the second time, were not you
I was present; the prisoner was found by my apprentice; I saw her there, I gave her in charge of the constable; she was then taken to the watchhouse and searched in my presence; there was a piece of silk, two gown sleeves, a pair of plated sugar-tongs, several pieces of gowns, and pieces of linen, found in her pockets. When the prisoner was seized I said to her, how could you do such a thing, one that has been my own servant; she said that she had robbed me; I had been robbed a few months before; she confessed that she implicated my wife's son; I suppose he was innocent. This key of my bed chamber was taken out of her pocket by the constable.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Lindler.
Do you remember going up to the top of the house searching with your master
On Monday evening last, a few minutes after eight o'clock, I left off work, I heard my master say you have mislaid the key; I understood my master had been up stairs; I went up stairs and perceived a counterpane full of things on the landing place of the garret; I asked my fellow apprentice whether these things had any business there; he told me no; I told him to look at them while I went on the top of the house.
You went to the top of the house - you did no, find the prisoner
No; I went out a second time then I found the prisoner behind a partition, which parts my master's house and the next door. I immediately broke down the partition and seized the prisoner by the arm; she exclaimed to me, Tom, you blackguard, do not ill use me; I brought her to the trap door, where my master laid hold of her and took her down stairs.
Do you remember any thing she said
When I entered the landing place. I heard her say, pray forgive me, sir. I accompanied her to the watchhouse; there were several things found upon her, they have all been described. The constable took my master's key out of her pocket.
I am a constable; I went with Mr. Lindler to the top of the house, I found the prisoner there behind the partition; she said she hoped her master would forgive her, and began to cry; I searched her at the watchhouse and found these things upon her.
You were present when the prisoner was taken
Yes. I have not set eyes on her for a year and a half. I know nothing about the woman.
I am an officer of Hatton-Garden. When I went to lock her up she said that she had robbed her master, and that she was persuaded to do it by her master's son-in-law, the last witness; in consequence of that I took the last witness in custody; he was acquitted by the magistrate; she said he was the first man that ruined her.
I am sorry for what I have done. I beg for mercy.
