- I am a widow ; I went as a patient in St. Bartholomew's-hospital , five weeks ago last Thursday; I received three 1l. notes for my wages, when I left my place in Oxford-street, from Mr. Kingsbury, clerk to Mr. Phillips, he put his name upon them; when I went into the hospital, I put them in my left-hand pocket, under my pillow; I went in on the Thursday, and I missed them on the Monday morning following; the prisoner was one of the nurses in the ward; I acquainted Mrs. Pratley, the sister, of it.
How old are you?
Going of thirteen.
Were you a patient in St. Bartholomew's-hospital?
Yes.
Were you in the same ward with the last witness?
Yes; about seven o'clock in the morning, I heard Mrs. Taylor call nurse, for assistance to make her head up, nurse went to her, and I saw her put her hand under the pillow, and take out the pockets; she put them on a shelf behind the curtain, and put a bit of flannel over them; in a short time afterwards, I saw her go and take the pockets again, fling her apron over them, and take them to the privy; she staid there a short time; when she came back, she brought the pockets with her, and put them under the pillow again.
Mrs. Taylor was awake, and could have observed every thing that was done as well as you?
She was in bed at the time, I was facing her.
Of course, you told Mrs. Taylor of it?
No, I kept my bed, and was at a distance from Mrs. Taylor.
I was a patient in the hospital; I did not see the prisoner take the pockets, I saw her return them; I afterwards saw her in Mrs. Pratley's room, chewing something; I asked her what it was, she said, what was it to me; in chewing it very hard, I observed some paper upon her lip, she got it into her mouth again so eagerly, that she bit her lip, and blood appeared upon it, a piece of it flew out of her mouth, Mrs. Pratley picked it up, and delivered it to me, I delivered it to Turner.
Mrs. Pratley gave it to me, the little piece was damp, the other piece had not been in her mouth.
I am the sister of the ward, the nurse was put as a prisoner into my room, I locked the door; I saw her put a piece of paper under the carpet, she struggled to pick it up, but I was too quick for her, I ran out and gave it to Mrs. Lloyd; there were two pieces.
I live in the same employ with Mr. Kingsbury, he is very ill: The initials, W K, upon this piece of a note, is his handwriting.
These are Mr. Kingsbury's initials.
I never took the pockets away at all; the patient was quite insane all that night and day.
