Garrow. Gentlemen of the Jury. You are now charged a second time to enquire of the guilt or innocence of the prisoner at the bar, on another capital charge. Gentlemen, I have many years been acquainted with the practice of the administration of justice in this country, and in no instance was the purity and the mildness of that administration more conspicuous than in the late case. Gentlemen, I have not been in the habit of taking notice of any thing that an accused person may say, with respect to myself, but I cannot suffer it to go out into the world for a single moment, that any body stands here to enjoy the pleasure of plunging a dagger into the heart of that young man. No, Gentlemen, the Bank of England never, never prosecute with such views, to them it is a most painful task, which is imperatively imposed upon them, and I have the good fortune to day to give a practical illustration of what I have just said. I have the honour here to represent the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who have an opportunity once more to put him in hazard of his life, once more to impress upon you the circumstances whence to infer his guilt, once more to put you upon your oaths to deliver him, and to run all the hazards that belong to that consideration; it is in their power again to call a witness who has given evidence upon a former occasion, but whom they did not call because he had disgraced himself; nay, it is in their power now to apply to the Court to put off the trial until next Sessions, in order to obtain the evidence of another most important witness; but, Gentlemen, they do not delight in blood; and I hope this will be a serious warning to the young man at the bar. Be it remembered, however, that this is the fourth forged note that has been traced into the possession of that prisoner, who complains of the harshness of his prosecutors. Need I then ask if the Bank would have done their duty, if they had not brought forward these cases, and submitted them to the consideration of Juries of the country?
Gentlemen, unless the Court command us to go on, we now consent to take a verdict of acquittal.
