What age are you?
Thirteen.
Now you are going to be sworn, to call God to witness that what you say is true, what will become of you if you say that which is false?
I shall go to a bad place.
Where do you live?
At Hammersmith.
What is your master's name?
Edward Roberts .
What is he?
A stationer .
Are you an apprentice to him?
No.
What are you?
I went to fetch a parcel for him, he employs me sometimes.
Who do you live with?
My father and mother; sometimes he employs me to go of errands for him.
What day did this happen?
On Wednesday, the 5th of October.
What time of the day did you come to town?
About half past three in the afternoon.
What were you sent upon?
For a parcel, from Mr. Jones, a printer, in Little Chapel-street, Soho.
Who delivered you any parcel there?
The apprentice.
That parcel was for Mr. Roberts?
Yes.
Did you know what was in the parcel?
No.
What did you do with it?
I was coming home with it.
What time?
It wanted twenty minutes to seven.
What had you been doing all that time?
I had been waiting at Mr. Jones's, while they were printed.
What time were they delivered to you?
It wanted twenty minutes to seven when I received the parcel.
Did you set out directly to go back?
Yes; I was running behind a coach in Piccadilly , when the prisoner came up to me, and asked me what business I had behind his coach.
Was the coach going on at the time?
Yes; I went away then, and he came and knocked off my hat with his hand, and took the parcel away from me.
Was it a blow that knocked your hat off?
Yes; he then went, and gave the parcel to another man.
Where had you the parcel?
In my hand.
Was it a large parcel?
No, not very large; it was done up, and tied with string; I cried out give me my parcel.
Where was the other man?
In the road.
What did the prisoner say?
He said he had not got it.
What became of the other man?
He went away.
What became of the prisoner?
He went on the path, and I followed him, and kept asking him for my parcel; he said, the man behind the coach had got it; William Smith came up, and asked me what was the matter; I told him, and he said the prisoner should not go any further till he gave me satisfaction; then there came up a crowd of people, and they asked him where his address was; he told them in Duke-street; he asked Smith whether he would go with him? Smith said, yes; we went till we got to Bolton-street, Piccadilly, when the prisoner run away, down Bolton-street, and we after him, halloaing, stop thief! and Mr. Neil stopped him.
Did you ever lose sight of him?
No.
Can you safely swear the prisoner is the man that took the bundle from you?
Yes; we all then went to Marlborough-street.
Had he turned any corner?
No.
Did you run?
Yes; it was all down a straight street.
Are you sure he knocked your hat off.
Yes.
Did you not lose sight of me?
No.
How far did I run down Bolton-street?
To the bottom; you were on one side of the way, and I on the other.
Are you sure he is the same person?
Yes.
Did you see him turn any where?
Yes; he turned into Bolton-street, from Piccadilly.
Was there any body behind the coach besides yourself?
Yes, a man was upon the coach.
That man went on with the coach?
Yes.
It was not a man holding behind?
No.
Are you a stationers at Hammersmith?
Yes.
Did you send that boy on any errand?
Yes, to Mr. Jones's, in Chapel-street; I sent him with a letter for the bills, and if they were not done, he was to wait till they were.
What were they?
We call them stolen bills; bills for advertising property lost.
What are you?
A printer .
Do you remember, on the 5th of October, that boy coming to you?
Yes, and brought a letter; the bills were not near ready, and he waited a considerable time.
What number were the bills?
Five hundred.
Who delivered them?
My apprentice, in my presence.
How were they done up?
In a paper, tied with a string.
Was it a bulky parcel?
It might be three or four inches thick.
What time did the boy go away?
I suppose about half past six.
What did the printing of them come to?
Half-a-guinea or eleven shillings.
What do you know of this?
On the 5th of the month, I saw the prisoner and the boy at the end of Downe-street, Piccadilly; the boy was crying very much, and following the prisoner, saying, give me my parcel; I asked the boy what was the matter in the prisoner's hearing; he said, that man had taken a parcel away; I followed him across the end of the street, and got before him, and insisted upon it that he should not go any further till he gave the boy satisfaction for his loss, meaning, he should clear himself; the boy was without his hat; he said, the prisoner had given him a knock on the head, and knocked it off.
Did the prisoner say any thing to that?
No, not that I know of; I told the boy it was a very serious charge, and the boy said he was sure of it; I asked him in what manner? he said, he was running behind a coach, and the prisoner came up to him and hit him a knock on his head and his arm, and snatched the bundle away from him; he said, he did not look after his hat, but after the prisoner, and was certain that was the man; the people advised taking him to the watch-house, or to the office; I said, it was a pity such a man should be taken any where, as he was dressed very genteel, if he would give his address; he said, he lived in Duke-street, and asked me if I would go with him? I said, yes; he went along, and I followed him with another young man aside of me; when we came to the end of Bolton-street, he run away down Bolton-street; I run as fast as I could, and halloaed, stop thief; when I came to the bottom, I found him in the possession of William Neale .
Are you sure he was the person you had the conversation with?
That is the man I first saw with the boy, and who run away, and who I found in William Neale 's possession.
Did you ever lose sight of me?
I dare say I did.
How long was it before you saw me laid hold of?
It could not be much above a minute and a quarter; the street is short.
sworn - On the 5th, I was passing the end of Bolton-street, next to Bolton-row, I heard the cry of stop thief; I immediately stopped till the prisoner came very close to me; he was running very fast, and I seized him; he struck at me, but missed, and at the same time said, let me go; I secured him, and he was taken to Marlborough-street; instantly almost Smith and the boy came up.
Smith has said you told him the prisoner struck you on the head and arm, did he strike you on the arm?
Yes; he hit me on the arm, when I was behind the coach.
Then he hit you two blows?
Yes.
Did you pick up your hat?
No.
Did any body do it for you?
No.
On the 5th of October I was going along Piccadilly, I heard the boy making a noise, as I thought; I went across the way to him, and asked him what was the matter? he immediately said to me, you have got my parcel; some man came up to him and gave him a shilling. and told him to go along, which he did, and I went on till I met the witness Smith.
Did any person give you a shilling?
Yes, some man did, but I don't know who it was.
Did he tell you to go away?
Yes.
He gave you the shilling because you were crying?
Yes, I was.
