I am carman to Messrs. Gainsford and Payne, cheesemongers , on Holborn-bridge; I was out last Friday with a load of goods, going to Bowl-yard, St. Giles's , and not being able to take my cart up the yard, I backed if up as far as I could, having some goods to carry up there about twenty yards; I was not gone from my cart above two minutes, and when I came back I missed a cask of butter from my cart, and while I was enquiring concerning it my witness came and told me that she saw a man take a cask from my cart, and carry it into the Black-dog passage, I pursued after the man into Dyot-street, and put my hand on his shoulder, and said, my friend, I think you are the man that robbed me; he answered, by no means; I said to him, I shall thank you to go with me to Bowl-yard, and as soon as I brought the prisoner back, the witness came forward and said, that is the man that robbed your cart, I saw him carry it into the Black-dog passage.
I live at No. 1, Bowl-yard, Broad St. Giles's; I was looking out of my window when I saw the prisoner take the butter out of the cart; I saw Croker, the carter, carrying the butter into Mrs. Partridge's, No. 5, a chandler's shop, up the court; in the mean time, the prisoner came up to the end of the court, and looked round twice to see if there was any body near the cart, the cart stood at my window, I saw the prisoner turn the cask upside down and put it on his shoulder, and take it into the Black-dog passage; I told the carman and he brought him back again, and asked me if that was the man that took the butter out of the cart; I said, I am sure he is the man. The prisoner denied it at the Office.
I am an officer of Bow-street, I took the prisoner into custody and ordered Michael Lane to go to the Black-dog passage stairs, which he did, and there he found the butter.
I am an officer: I found the butter, it laid on the settle of the stairs, in the very passage where the woman saw the prisoner go into; I produce the cask.
I never touched it, nor was I nigh it; I was never so nigh the cask as I am now; I am not the man, as God is my judge; I had been very ill, and was going to get a little money that was owing to me, and I stood talking to a man, and that man came to me and said, I had robbed his cart; I am as innocent as the child unborn; I saw a man with a cask go by me, but what it was I do not know.
