I am a single woman: I was robbed on the 14th of July, in the afternoon, I cannot say what time, in a common path, near Turnham-green ; I was coming from Turnham-green, and going home to Acton, my sister was with me; we met the prisoner, he passed us, and at a short distance he called to us to stop; we did not stop, and he called to us again; on his first calling to us we hastened our pace from him, and when he called a second time we hastened again, but he gained upon us very much, and got before us; he then put his hand into his bosom and desired us to give him our money, or he would blow our brains out; I gave him what money I had, which was a shilling and a sixpence; he asked me if I had any more; I told him I had not; he then asked my sister if she had any; she said she had not; he asked her, was she sure she had none; she said she had not; then he said, God bless you, and turned off.
When he put his hand to his bosom, did he produce any thing that caused an alarm in you?
No; I thought he had something, but he did not pull it out; he was dressed in a light coloured coat, a stone colour, or something of that sort; he had a round hat on, a blue waistcoat, and a plaid handkerchief about his neck.
Had the man a wig?
I cannot say; but it seemed to me to be his own hair hanging about his face; he had the appearance of a countryman.
What time might this take up?
I cannot say to the time.
Can you swear positively that the prisoner is the man?
Yes.
Had he any crape, or any thing to hide his face?
No; I found him at the watch-house at Acton.
How far is that from the place where you were robbed?
Not half a mile.
Try and recollect what time of the day it was?
I believe it might have been between four and five, or it might have been between two and three; he was taken to the watch-house, there was my father and brother there, I believe, and a great number of people.
Was he pointed out to you as the man that robbed you, or did you pick him out?
He was not pointed out to me, I pointed him out to my father as the person that robbed me.
How do you know he was the man?
From the impression his face made upon me.
Was the man at the watch-house in the same dress as the man who robbed you?
Exactly.
Was your money such that you could have sworn to it?
No; he had some money when he was carried before the Magistrate the next day, but I could not say it was mine; there were two persons that I met with just after I parted with the prisoner, I told them I was robbed, and asked them if they knew any thing of the man, for he had robbed me; and they said, yes; he had been sitting with them on the grass all day, and they could not get rid of him; but they have disappeared.
I am sister to the last witness: I was with her when she was robbed, on Monday the 14th of July, in the afternoon, I cannot say exactly as to the time; the prisoner passed us, and called out after us to stop, or he would follow us; we went on, and he called after us again; he put his right-hand to his bosom, and desired us to deliver our money, or he would blow our brains out; my sister then gave him a shilling and a sixpence, I saw her give it to him; he asked her if she had any more money; she said, no, she had not; then he asked me if I had any; I told him I had none; he asked me again, was I sure I had none; I told him I had not; he then said, God bless you, and went away towards Turnham-green; I did not see him again till the Friday afterwards, when I saw him at Bow-Street; I saw him in the passage going into the office, and at the bar.
Did you at that time know that he was the man charged with robbing your sister?
I heard him ordered to the bar; I knew him as soon as I saw him.
Was he pointed out to you as the man?
No; I made the observation first, and told Mr. Bond that he was the man; he had on the same coat that he had on when he robbed my sister.
What was it that struck you the most forcibly about him?
His features; he wore his own hair, and had the appearance of a countryman.
Did you take any notice of his voice?
I knew his voice again immediately.
Under all the circumstances, do you believe the man you saw at Bow-Street was the same man?
I do.
Have you any doubt upon your mind?
None.
Do you know how he came to be taken up?
We described him so particularly to our brothers that they made inquiries after him, and traced him to Turnham-green.
I am the father of the prosecutrix: I took the prisoner into custody at an alehouse on Turnham-green, I think they call it the Barley-mow, about six o'clock; I saw him in a country club-room, there were a great many people in the room; I took him into custody, and brought him to the constable's house, at Acton; he was taken to the watch-house, and there my eldest daughter saw him, and said he was the man; I do not recollect that the prisoner said any thing at that time; he went very quietly with me.
Are you in any business?
No; I have been in the army, but am a private gentleman, and live at Acton.
(To Frances Macguire.) It never happened to you to be robbed before, I suppose?
Never.
Were you under any alarm at the time?
I certainly felt an alarm.
(To Mr. Macguire.) What passed when you went into the room, did you charge him with robbing your daughter?
Yes; but he was silent, I thought rather stupid, he was leaning down; a woman that was with me pointed him out to me; I don't recollect that he said any thing.
I went to my club on the 14th of July, I was there by twenty minutes after one o'clock, and I was not out of the room till I was taken out by that gentleman; as soon as the gentleman came in, he said, do not be alarmed, for there is a person in the room that has committed a robbery, then the girl pointed me out, and he said, I must go with him; I was smoking my pipe; I begged of him to let me drink a glass of punch before I went, which he did, and then he took me to Acton, to the constable's, and then I was taken to the watch-house.
(To Frances Macguire.) I wish, if you could at all recollect, the time with more certainly?
I can only fix it by this, that a good while after I had been home the clock struck three.
Where did you last come from?
From Turnham-green; I had been to the Post-office at Hammersmith, and was very much tired, and when I came from the Post-office I sat down upon a stile for some time, I cannot exactly say the time.
(To Luthania Macguire.) Can you say, with more certainty than your sister, what time it was?
No, I cannot; but I think it must have been near two.
You sat upon the stile some time?
Yes.
Was that before or after you were robbed?
Before we were robbed.
I am a journeyman carpenter.
Did you belong to the club?
Yes, at Chiswick; it was held at the sign of the Barleymow, upon Turnham-green; at the time the prisoner was taken up he was a member of it, he is a labourer; there were twenty members.
Were you licenced by the Magistrate?
No.
What sort of club was it?
A benefit club; the prisoner had been a member six years.
What time did you see him the day he was taken up?
I saw him at twenty minutes before two o' clock, I looked at my watch when I came upon the Green, and he was the first man that I saw upon the Green, standing under a tree, looking at two other members playing at quoits; I always regarded him as a very honest man, and a very good member.
I am a labourer, I was a member of the club: I saw the prisoner about twenty minutes after one o'clock that day, and he was never away from us till the time he was taken up.
What business does he follow?
I cannot tell, but I believe any thing that he can get to do; he is a labouring man, I have known him three or four years, I never heard any thing against him, he always sent his money like an honest man.
I am a labourer; I was at the club the whole day; I was one of the Stewards; I went there about eight o'clock in the morning; the prisoner came about twenty minutes after one; I saw him stand under a tree a great while before the clock struck two, and when the clock struck two, I called him and the rest of the men up, to take their half-crowns for dinner.
