I go out a chairing; I am the wife of Thomas Molt ; The prisoner lodged opposite my house; I was at a public-house in King-street, St. Giles's , and put down a seven-shilling piece for change; I went in with the prisoner; I had not been there more than three minutes before she took up my money, and went out of the house; I went over to her mother's after her as soon as I saw it off the table; her mother abused me, and used me very ill; she shut the door in my face; I asked her to be so kind as give me my money back again, and her mother immediately said, she had no money of mine, and the prisoner said she had not.
As soon as she had taken it up, you called after her, I take it for granted?
No, I did not, because I knew the girl, and I thought it was safe enough.
You are sure you saw her take it up?
Yes; she snatched it up.
You did not put your hand upon her's?
No.
Do you know a man of the name of Ellis?
Yes.
As you saw it yourself, you did not of course desire any body else to swear it?
I did not desire any body to swear it.
Did you not promise him half a crown if he would swear it?
No.
Is your throat quite well?
There is nothing the matter with it.
How long has it been well?
About two months.
I was at the public-house; I went to get a drop of twopenny; I saw the prisoner's hand upon a seven-shilling piece, but I did not see her take it.
I was at the public-house; I saw the prisoner take up the seven-shilling piece, and run away with it.
Why did not you stop her?
It was no concern of mine.
Had you ever any conversation with Mrs. Weldon about coming here?
No; I mentioned it to Mrs. Molt.
Look at that woman, Mrs. Weldon?
I know her.
Upon your oath did not Mrs. Molt promise you half a crown if you would swear it?
No, she did not.
Nor any thing like it?
No.
Was it a good seven-shilling piece?
Yes.
Upon your oath did you not apply to the mother of this young woman, and tell her, if she would pay you two-pence or three-pence a week, you would take it?
I did, before she was in confinement, but not to her mother, and another person offered me a seven-shilling piece afterwards.
Who was it you made that offer to?
To two women that I see here.
I am innocent of it, if I was upon my dying bed.
I did live in John-street, but lost my place last night from attending this trial; I heard Mrs. Bedel say, she would give this man, Ellis, half a crown to swear he saw the prisoner take the seven-shilling piece off the table; I lived with Mr. Crossley, an engraver; I had lived there a fortnight.
When was it you heard this conversation?
The night this happened.
What did he say to that?
He was not there.
(To Mrs. Molt.) You have heard what this person has said, did you say any such thing?
I did not; this girl was better engaged than to. attend to what was said; she was sitting in a young fellow's lap in the corner.
Do you now mean to abide by what you have said?
Yes.
I live in Old-street; I felloshish and other things; Mrs. Molt met me, and told me she was very uneasy, she could not rest in her bed, and begged me to go to Mrs. Bedel, and tell her she would take it at two-pence or three-pence a week; and Mrs. Bedel said, she saw no reason for it, when her child was innocent.
Do you yourself know of any circumstance respecting Mrs. Molt's mind?
I have only heard the neighbours talk.
I am the mother of the prisoner; I have known Mrs. Molt for twenty years as a neighbour.
Has she been at times deranged?
Yes; I was called in to her when she had cut her throat; I and my son were the first persons that were called in, and I have heard her say, she had been six months out of her mind at Bristol; Mrs. Yoxall came to me with a message from Mrs. Molt, with two other women, that I should pay two-pence or three-pence a week, and I refused it, because I knew my daughter innocent.
Did you ever know Mrs. Molt consined at all?
No.
I am the brother of the prisoner; I was called in to Mrs. Molt after she had cut her throat.
How long ago?
I think about a month.
How long before your sister was taken up?
About three weeks.
Did you ever know her confined?
No.
Was she and your sister a good deal together?
Yes, she was very fond of my sister.
She was not afraid of this mad woman?
No.
