I lost the property from my barge, at Scotland-yard , on the 28th of April; the prisoner is apprentice to a waterman , at Lambeth; he begged a night's lodging of my apprentice, John Norris .
I know the prisoner: On the 27th of April, I went home to Princes-street, Lambeth, to get my supper; when I came back, the prisoner was on board a barge lying along side our barge; he asked me to let him sleep there that night; I consented; when I waked the next morning, the prisoner was gone, and the things were gone; I saw him in the cabin; that is all I know of it; he was taken into custody last Sunday week.
I keep a tailor's shop, in Chandos-street, Covent-garden, and sometimes buy old clothes: On the 28the of April, the prisoner at the bar brought a jacket, a waistcoat, and a pair of breeches to me to sell; I asked him how he came to sell such good things; he said, he had come from abroad, and that a tailor in the Borough had made them; I asked him what he gave for them; he told me thirty-two shillings; on a cross-examination, he said thirty-six shillings; upon which I told him the things were never bought for any such money, and I did not think they were his own; I asked him to sit on the jacket; he took off the jacket that he had on, and I observed he had no shirt on; he told me he had sold his shirt the day before; I then told him I did not think the things were his, and I would keep them; he said, he could bring a person in the neighbourhood to prove that they were his; he then went out, and brought in a man. I interrogated the man where he lived; he told me in the Haymarket; he said, he was a servant there, but would not give me his master's name; I told him then, that he could not prove the things were the boy's; I then sent for a constable; he desired me to take the boy to Mr. Coward's, in St. Martin's-court; I took him there, and Mrs. Coward knew the boy very well; I inquired his character; she hesitated a little, and then her husband came in; I told him what I was come about, and shewed him the things; he said, he did not know whether they were his own clothes or not, but his mother was extremely fond of him, and they might be his own; he said, he was a wild boy; I then let the boy go, and I saw nothing of him for near a month afterwards.
These are the things I lost out of the cabin of my barge.
These are my master's things.
I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; that is all I know of it.
I was in distress at the time.
