On the 5th of July were you in Baker-street when the balloon went up?
I was in North Baker-street , between three and four o'clock, just at the time the balloon was in the air; I saw the prisoner in the crowd; I felt a hand at my pocket; I turned round, and saw the prisoner; there was a gang of them; it was one of the others that had his hand upon my watch; I put my hand to save my watch, when three or four squeezed me so, that I could not move, and at that time the watch was taken from me.
While you were so pressed, somebody took your watch from you?
Yes.
Did you, about that time, see the prisoner?
Yes, I saw him about a minute after.
How near was he to you?
Close to me.
You did not perceive him till after the watch was gone?
No.
Did you observe the persons that pressed upon you?
I did not observe any one but him; several put up their hands to knock me down, when I laid hold of the prisoner; he was one that was in the gang.
Was he one that held up his hands to strike you?
I think he was; I cannot be positive.
What do you mean by saying he was one of the gang?
The watch was found upon him.
Was there any thing before the watch was found upon him, that induced you to think he was one of the gang?
Because he was close to me; he was one of those that squeezed round me to hold me fast.
Did you perceive him pressing upon you?
Yes.
You said you did not see him till about a minute after the watch was taken from you?
He had the watch in his hand.
Was the pressure while the watch was going or before?
It was after the watch was gone.
Do you mean to swear that you could distinctly perceive Charles Williams press upon you, or did you only conclude he was one from seeing the watch in his hand?
He pressed upon me very much after the watch was gone.
Do you mean to swear distinctly you observed the prisoner press upon you after the watch was gone?
Yes.
Do you mean to stick to this, that you saw him distinctly press upon you after the watch was gone out of your pocket?
Yes, while I was attempting to lay hold of one of the gang, immediately the crowd pressed upon me.
Do you mean to swear that you saw the prisoner at the bar press upon you?
Yes, about a minute after the watch was gone.
You absolutely saw him press upon you?
I saw him press upon me.
At the time the balloon went up, there must have been a great number of spectators pressing upon one another?
Yes, there was a bull brought in, and there was a great pressure.
I want to know whether there was any more pressure upon you than there was upon any other person?
I cannot say that there was; there was a very great pressing upon me.
And great pressing upon every body else, was there not?
Yes.
Charles Williams did not lift up his hand to strike you?
No.
Did any of them say any thing?
One of them said, I have got it, at the time the watch was taken; the man who said I have got it, was not the man that took it out of my pocket, and I caught hold of him.
From whence do you conclude that they meant to knock you down, by lifting up their hands?
They held their hands to me almost in my face; I immediately got out of the crowd as fast as I could, leaving the person that I had laid hold of.
Have you ever seen your watch since?
Yes, I saw it about five minutes after, at a public-house in Baker-street, in the possession of James Munyard, a constable: the prisoner was then gone in the care of a constable.
I am one of the conductors of the patrol belonging to Bow-street.
Were you in North Baker-street on the 5th of July, at the time the ballon went up?
Yes, I perceived the prisoner, and about seven or eight other men.
When was that?
About five or ten minutes after the balloon went up, or it might be rather more; there was a narrow passage between the carts where the people had to pass through, and there were four or five of them on each side of that passage, close to each other; I saw them pushing and huslling people about; the prisoner was in front; I observed a silver watch in his hand.
What was he doing?
I did not observe any particluar thing till I saw the watch in his hand.
Are you sure he was one of this party who were pushing the people about?
Yes, I am sure of it; I then followed the prisoner, and laid hold of his collar; I was then immediately knocked down, and received several blows on my back; I called to the patrols behind me to take care of him; upon that a scuffle enfued; I recovered myself, and got hold of the prisoner again, with one of the patrols; after I got hold of him, endeavouring to bring him up Baker-street, he asked me to let him stoop down, and pull his shoe up at heel; and, in stooping down, I saw him throw the watch away; I ordered James Munyard, one of the men with me, to pick it up; I saw him pick it up.
I am one of the patrols; I was in North Baker-street at the time the balloon went up; Mayhew called out to me to lay hold of the prisoner; Mayhew had laid hold of him, and I saw him knocked down; I immediately caught hold of the prisoner; I had not bad hold of him two minutes before I received a blow from a stick; the prisoner then sung out, serve it out, you b - r, serve it out.
Was that before or after you were struck?
Afterwards; the patrol came up immediately, and dispersed the mob; I laid hold of the prisoner, and Mr. Mayhew laid hold of him; and, as we were taking him to Bow-street, he stooped down, and I saw him throw this watch down, (producing it;) he threw it, I dare say, four yards behind him; I immediately stooped down upon my hands and knees, and picked it up.
We have heard of some carts standing there - was that the place where you lost your watch?
No; I lost it upon the bridge at the top of Baker-street, North, which leads to a field.
This bridge is close to where the carts were; they were drawn up close to the side of the ditch for the people to see the balloon.
Look at that watch?
That is the watch that I lost; I know it by the ribbon, the case, and by the number and the name, Downham, No. 4958.
On the Monday morning, I went, out of curiousity, to see the balloon; and, on my way home, coming over the bridge, somebody said there was a mad bullock, and there was a great press and a cry of thieves; upon which a scuffle ensued, and they all got away, and I was then taken; there was another watch produced at Bow-street, and an officer, of the name of Lloyd, swore that I had taken that watch from another man; and the man said, I was not the person; Mr. Justice Ford asked him how he could take his oath that I had taken it from the man, and then he said, he had not taken his oath.
