How much money was gone
A twenty pounds bank note, a ten pounds bank note, five one pound notes, four dollars, four half crowns, ten half guineas, the rest in shillings and seven shilling pieces; it altogether amounted to seventy nine pounds eight shillings; I had reckoned it on the day before; I put it in the middle top drawer, I locked the drawer and put the key in my pocket; the money was in a purple leather glove.
Have you seen any of this property since
No, none at all.
I live in the same court. On the 22nd of October. I saw Mr. Murphy between twelve and one break the windows.
Murphy is the man that is not taken up
Yes. I saw Murphy break Mrs. Shaw's windows; Mrs. Steward ran out and locked the parlour door. Mr. Murphy on seeing her lock the parlour door, went in and burst it open, he went in the parlour, he pulled out two or three drawers; he took up the poker and tried to open the middle drawer that had the money in; he found that he could not open it, he came out and said good bye to you all. The prisoner was standing in the court; he said to Murphy, will you have any lush.
What is that
Liquor. Murphy did not answer; Weston said a second time, will you have any lush; Murphy turned round and said to Weston come here; Murphy and Weston went into the parlour both together; Murphy took up the poker and tried to open this drawer with the head of the poker again; Weston says you b - r, take the point of the poker, and give it a jerk against the lock and you will soon have it open, which he did; he opened it and took something out in a purple leather glove.
Where was you standing all this time
I put my head through the middle window which he broke; I stood in the court and saw all this done.
Do you know what was in this glove
No.
Which drawer was it he took this glove out
The top middle drawer; Murphy put it in his left hand pocket; Murphy and Weston came out together, they went down the Adelphi through the dark arches.
You saw them both go in at the street door
Yes, the street door was open; Murphy broke open the parlour door.
Which of the drawers was it you kept your money in
In the top middle drawer.
And you had left it there on the Saturday when you went out and you missed it when you came home
Yes.
I am a constable. On the 22nd of October, Mrs. Steward came to me at Bow street and told me that Murphy was breaking the windows, and Mrs. Shaw was not at home.
Did you know Weston
No.
What is Murphy
He was a shoemaker; when I went down the drawers were all upon the ground; she said he had broken open this little drawer while she had come to fetch me; she said her mistreses' money was in that drawer and he had taken it all away. In about half an hour afterwards, from information, I took the prisoner at a public house; he was drinking; I searched him, I found a half guinea, two seven shilling pieces, nine shillings in silver, and twelve penny worth of halfpence; he said his father paid him two seven shilling pieces the Saturday before; we took him before the magistrate.
Do you know how it came about their doing a thing of this sort in the middle of the day - every body having an opportunity of seeing them
I fancy Murphy had formerly lived with this woman, and they had parted some time. I had him in custody for beating her; he was in goal half a year.
Had he taken away any clothes
No; I fancy he only took the money; the clothes were all on the floor. He had only come out of goal the night before; he was in for three months for beating of her, and he had been in for three months before; I have had him in custody three times; as soon as he came out of goal he went and beat her.
How long had they been together
Twenty four or twenty five years.
Twenty five years I was with him.
Why did not you tell me something of this sort before - you had seen this Murphy before
I lived along with him.
Your name is Hyde now
Yes.
Were you ever married to Murphy
No.
When was you married to Hyde
On the 3rd of November.
That was after the violence happened
Yes; I lived twenty five years with him: I was but fifteen years old when he first got hold of me; I have had fourteen children by Mr. Murphy.
Then perhaps he claimed some of the goods in the house
He sold all the goods in the house to Mr. Allen.
I wish you had told us this before
I thought you knew of it.
He had sold the drawers
Yes.
Then it was not your drawers
Yes, it was, because I bought the things back again of Mr. Allen; Mr. Murphy delivered the house up, and the landlord let it me; I have had the house sixteen months. I had the twenty pounds note twenty years ago and the ten pounds.
Then you got the money when you and he lived together
Yes. I went by his name, nobody knew but we were married till he exposed it himself.
Then you passed as man and wife - you having this property and putting it this drawer, he claimed all this property
He did not know that I had got it; when he had not left me a month he took away a twenty pound note and broke this drawer.
You both lived together in the same house you used the furniture together - as he passed for your husband, he considered every thing as his
It could not be his, because he did not work for it.
I was servant to the prosecutrix when her name was Shaw: I was in the house on the 22nd of October; Mrs. Shaw went out; Mr. Murphy was breaking into the window.
How did you happen to know Murphy
I knew Murphy twenty five or twenty six years ago; Mrs. Shaw and he lived together in that house; they slept together; they lived as man and wife, they appeared to have all things in common.
What was his trade
A boot maker.
Did she keep the money or him
He was not capable of keeping the money, because the public houses would not let him have a shilling; he would take the money frequently.
Can you tell us whether he did come there as though he had a right to come to the house as well as her
After he was paid the thirty five pounds for the goods he came and claimed them; he claims them now the same as if they were his.
Then it seems from your account that he claims the goods and all the things in the house
Yes.
