I am a waterman , I keep a house at Gravesend. On Saturday the 22nd of April, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I went to the Green Man and Bell, Darkhouse-lane ; Mr. Robert Davies keeps the house; it was on the 23d I lost the money.
When you went to the house on the 22nd at five o'clock in the afternoon, had you any bank notes about you
Yes, two five pound notes, three one-pound notes, five guineas, seven half guineas, and four seven shilling pieces; they were all in the bag, amounting to 23 l. 3 s. 6 d. I was perfectly sober, I slept there.
Do you know whether you had them when you went to bed
I cannot say whether I had or not; the way I knew I was robbed of it, Russel, the boy came to wake me about half after four in the morning. I was going to Gravesend by the tide; I am the master of one of the Gravesend boats; he told me that his mistress had stopped a man; I searched my pocket, and missed my bag; I told the boy to go down stairs and tell his mistress to stop the man; there were two beds in the room, besides the one I slept in.
While you were in the public house had you observed the prisoner George Reynolds there
No, I did not know that he had been near my person.
When you went down stairs was the prisoner in custody
Yes; I saw the bag taken from him, it is a cotton bag, there is no mark upon it; I knew the bag by its appearance. I told the constable, before they opened the bag, if my money was right, there were two five pound notes, two or three ones in it, and gold, to the\\ amountof twenty three pounds.
When it was delivered to you did you know the five-pound notes
I did not know the number of the notes; to the best of my knowledge there was the same value I expected to find in it. I expected to find twenty-two or twenty-three pounds; I did not know the exact sum.
What did the prisoner say
He said nothing, he did not claim the bag nor the property; he suffered us to take it away without claiming it as his own.
You have no idea at what time it was taken from you, whether after going to bed or before, have you
No; I went to bed perfectly sober, I had no occasion to look for my bag.
My husband's name is Robert Davis , he keeps a public house in Dark-house-lane.
Do you recollect Mr. Brown coming to your house on the 22nd of April
Yes.
Did you see the prisoner in your house after Mr. Brown was there
Yes; about half past two in the night he came in and applied for a bed.
You keep your house open all night for the reception of persons going to Gravesend
Yes. The prisoner slept in the same room with Mr. Brown, in the second story.
Had Mr. Brown retired to rest before the prisoner came in
Mr. Brown went up to bed about twelve o'clock.
You had known Mr. Brown before
Yes, and I have seen the prisoner before, he slept seven or eight nights at the house.
Was he a person going backwards and forwards to Gavesend
No.
What time did the prisoner get up that morning
About half after four. When he came down stairs, I said it did not look well to get up so early; he had paid a shilling for his lodging and was going out of the door; I stopped him, saying I did not think every thing was right, I would wish to stop him till the boy went up stairs; he said nothing, nor did he attempt to get away in the st. I sent the boy up stairs, he brought down word that Mr. Brown desired me to stop the man; I stopped him. In less than ten minutes Mr. Brown came down, and asked the prisoner for the bag; the prisoner said he had not got it. Mr. Brown then said he must have an officer to search him.
Had any body slept in the room that Brown slept, except the prisoner
One other person, he is not here, he was asleep when Brown came down. An officer was sent for. Locking and Postan both came together.
I am a patrol of Billingsgate ward. About twenty minutes to five o'clock, I was sent for to this house in Darkhouse-lane, I saw the prisoner; Mr. Brown said he was sure the prisoner had robbed him; I ordered the prisoner to strip. I searched him, I found the bag in his right hand coat pocket; Brown said he would swear to its being his property; he described the contents of the bag before the bag was examined.
I had been in the habit of going to this house for lodgings for eight or nine nights; I went in there very much in liquor myself; I knew I had to go down to Enfield the next morning along with two or three friends; I undressed myself and went to bed; when I awoke I got up, it was much earlier than I thought, I knocked at the door and the boy opened it; I came out of the room, and on the first stair I stepped my foot on something, I picked it up, and not knowing what it was, I put it in my pocket; the reason I went to sleep there was my not being settled with a private lodging.
