I am a single woman, a muff-maker , and live in Hatfield-street, Goswell street : On Sunday morning, the 20th of June, I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment, while I was asleep; I had pulled off part of them; when I went to bed over-night, I left them on the back of the chair; the prisoner is a stranger, my sister and I were in bed together; part of the things were brought to me about half an hour after we got up, the prisoner was in custody, and we delivered them to the constable.
Was the door of the room locked?
No, it was fastened with a bar, but the bar was pushed away; we were not alarmed in the night, and did not miss them till we got up in the morning, about seven o'clock.
I am sister of the last witness, I sleep with my sister; on the 20th of June, I got up about seven o'clock, or it might be a little later; I got up first, and missed our clothes, we had left them on the back of the chair; part of the things were brought to us in about half an hour, the prisoner at the bar had part of them on; she was brought back by Thomas Bell to our lodgings, and we took from her a petticoat, an apron and a gown, the other things were found at a public-house, in Golden-lane.
Did you not say before the Magistrate, that some person had knocked at your door and asked for coals?
No, I did not.
Did you every say any thing like that?
No, I did not.
I am a picture-framemaker; on the 20th of June, about seven o'clock, Mary Yates  informed me she had been robbed; I lodged in the same house; I got up and dressed myself, and went to White-cross-street, to a clothes-shop; I made enquiry there, but nobody had been to sell them; I came away from there, and met the prisoner in Golden-lane, with Mary Yates 's gown on; I kept company with Mary Yates, she had been mending it the night before; I know it to be her gown, it is a long stripe; I immediately asked her where she had got these things from, she said, she had given four shillings for them, at the top of Golden-lane; I told her, she must go along with me, for two young women had lost their property not half an hour before; I brought her back to the house, and left her in charge, while I went for one of the Hatton-Garden officers, the things were delivered to John Rittson.
I keep a public-house; I took charge of the prisoner while Bell went for an officer; I took the apron, and petticoat, and gown from off her back; I delivered them to Chapman, the officer.
I keep a shop in Whitecross street; I bought a pair of stays of the prisoner, on Sunday the 20th of June, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, for four shillings, she said they were her daughters, that she was in distress for a bit of bread.
I keep the Lion and Lamb, in Golden-lane; the prisoner at the bar left two aprons and a petticoat at my house, on the 20th of June, about seven o'clock in the morning, asking my permission to leave them, while she went to Oxford-road.
I know nothing of it any more than a child unborn, these things I purchased for seven shillings and sixpence.
