sworn. Examined by Mr. Knapp. Did you lodge at No. 13, Half Moon-street, Piccadilly . - A. I did, at Mr. James Taylor 's house.
She was.
Did Mr. James Taylor live in the house.
Yes.
You had a desk in which you kept your money, was that in your room.
It was in my sitting room; I had fifty-two guineas in gold in a purse in this desk.
How long before you missed this property had you seen these fifty-two guineas.
I cannot precisely say, within a month I had looked at them.
On the day this woman was taken up did you miss any property out of this desk.
On examining the desk I found the guineas reduced to thirty.
You had locked your desk, and when you opened the desk, you found there was only thirty.
Yes.
You had not taken any out for your own use.
No.
Did you miss at any time a silk handkerchief.
I did.
That silk handkerchief, I believe, you have afterwards seen.
I have.
Was the desk kept in a continual state of being locked up.
I always locked it, I am positive of it; the fifty-two guineas were in the purse altogether.
The purse remained in the desk although the twenty-two guineas were gone.
It did.
I presume you did not go with the officer to make a search.
No.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer of Marlborough-street; I went to the lodgings of Mr. Macdonald, and searched a box of the prisoner, on the 12th of this month.
How do you know it was the prisoner's box.
It had been out of the house, and was brought back again.
Then you searched a box; in that box, let it belong to whom it will, did you find any thing, and what.
I found this silk handkerchief, the box was remarkably full of clothes and trinkets, the handkerchief and the trinkets I have here; one of the constables of Hanover-square had apprehended the prisoner, I fetched her out of the watchhouse, I asked her how she came by so many fine things, she said some of the trinkets she bought with some money she had from her brother, and the rest were bought with the money that she took from Mr. Macdonald's purse; she said she had spent it all; in her box I found a seven shilling piece and a crown, that was all the money that she had; I produce the handkerchief.
It is my handkerchief, it is marked J. M. No. 6, in the border, all my handkerchiefs are marked in the same way.
You know the prisoner at the bar.
Yes, I am groom to Mr. Macdonald.
You remember Mary Drake living servant in the house where Mr. Macdonald lodged.
Yes; I lodged at the King's Arms, in Shepherd's Market.
Did she ask your permission to leave her box at your lodging.
She did, on the 10th of May, I gave her leave.
Was it locked up.
Yes, she brought it to my lodgings, on the 12th it was taken to Mr. Macdonald's again, I was in the room when Mr. Macdonald's valet fetched it out.
Was the box that Mr. Macdonald's valet took out the one that the prisoner brought to your lodging.
Yes, I saw it opened, and I saw the handkerchief that is now produced taken out of it, and the trinkets.
You were the valet of Mr. Macdonald at this time.
Yes.
Do you remember going to Shepherd's Market to the groom's for the box.
I did. I brought it back to my master's lodgings; I saw it opened and the handkerchief taken out, I know it is my master's handkerchief (witness looking at it); I know the mark
(to Lovett) Produce the trinkets.
There is a gold ring, a broach, a stone ring, and two earrings, they are broken.
