I lost a horse from the side of Lambton-Green, on the side of Hounslow-Heath, in the parish of Heston ; I missed it on the 15th of May, I turned the horse off my own premises at one o'clock in the morning; I am a drover , I came home at twelve o'clock and sed my horse and myself, and then turned the house out upon the Common; I missed it before six o'clock.
This horse of your's is very apt to stray?
No, it is not.
I am told it is a white horse?
No, it is a grey; a grey house on the Common, and a white horse upon the sign.
There is no such thing as a white horse.
I keep the Black-Lion public-house, and stables, at Bayswater: On the 15th of May, the prisoner at the bar brought a grey horse to me, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, he asked me if I would buy a horse of him; I asked him how he came by the horse; he told me he bought it, on the day before, at Chertsey-fair, of a chimney-sweeper; I then told him, neitner the horse should go out of my stable, nor he from my hands; I thought he did not come honestly by him, as I knew the horse; I had seen him a great many times before, I had seen the old gentleman ride him, he has used my house, with cattle, for some years; the prisoner begged to be released, and said he did not come honestly by it; he was a very remarkable horse, he has two spavins on both his hind legs; I took the prisoner to London, put him into a coach, and took him to Bow-street; the Magistrate desired me to keep the horse till I had further orders.
Did you shew Mr. Cole the horse?
Yes; I am sure it is Mr. Cole's horse; I shewed it him the next day.
You are a horse-slaughterer?
No; I keep a public-house, and am a livery-stable keeper.
Did you tell the Magistrate that this man confessed he did not come honestly by it?
I swore it there; I told Sir William Addington so; what he said was, that this horse was not his.
Will you undertake to swear, that the man ever confessed he came dishonestly by the horse?
He said the horse was not his.
Did he say he stole it?
He said he did not come honestly by it.
The horse that I saw at Mr. Peake's was my horse, and had been for a year and a half.
I was on the road, and saw a man who looked like a chimney-sweeper, with a horse; I asked him what he was going to do with it; he said; it was going to be slaughtered, and I bought the horse of him; I gave him a guinea and a pint of beer.
