- I am a statuary ; I live at No. 5, Newman-street : On the morning of the 15th of August, between two and three o'clock, my house was broke open; I cannot say who was up last; I believe I was myself, I am not certain; I was called up between two and three in the morning; I got lights, and went into the parlour, where I found that the parlour-window was broke, and the blind taken away; the shutter was forced open from the top hinge, and hung by the bottom hinge half-way down, and in that situation I understood the prisoner was detected; he was taken a few minutes after; and about three days after, the blind was sent back, and left with the servant.
I lived with Mr. Banks in August last; I fastened the window on the over night; I was alarmed between two and three by one of the servants that slept in the front room; when I came down, I saw the shutter had been forced open; I am sure I had fastened it the night before.
I live in Newman-street; On the 15th of August, between two and three in the morning, I saw two men standing, one in the window-fill of Mr. Bank's house, and the other on the iron rails; I heard a crash, and I heard something fall, which was the window-blind; I then heard another crash, which was the windowshutter being forced from the hinges; I saw the prisoner at the bar give it one wrench with a kind of an instrument, but I cannot exactly say what; I then called out, and asked them what they were doing there; upon which, the man upon the rails jumped down, and said to the other, as he jumped down, d-n my eyes, we are seen; upon which he went up Newman-street; the prisoner was then standing upon the window-fill, with his arm inside the window-shutter.
How do you know it was the prisoner?
I am positive of it; he met me more than half way as I was crossing over the road.
Was that after he had left the window?
Yes; as he came up to me, he said, d-n your eyes you b-r, what do you want here; I asked him what he was doing there, and he directly turned round to get from me; I made a catch at the skirt of his coat, but missed it; he then ran away; I followed him, crying stop thief; the watchman sprung his rattle; I pursued him into Chapel-street; I saw him throw something away, which I heard chink upon some brick-bats; it appeared to me to be some kind of iron or steel; I kept following, but there were two watchmen before me; he was, directly afterwards, taken in Hollen-street, and brought back to Mr. Banks's house; when we got to the door of the house, one of the watchmen slackened his hand a little from his collar, and the prisoner twisted his head under the other watchman's arm, and made his escape.
Look at the prisoner; are you quite sure that that is the man you saw with his arm inside the shutter?
I am very sure of it.
How long after that was it, that he was apprehended?
It might be as much as ten minutes, as nigh as I can guess.
You have no sort of doubt of his being the person?
No.
I am a watchman: I was calling the hour of two o'clock on the 15th of August; I heard a cry of stop thief; I ran directly for assistance, and just as I got to the end of the pavement, the prisoner got to the corner of the street; he ran across Oxford-road, into Chapel-street; the St. Ann's watchman followed him into Hollen-street; when I came up, a nightman and the watchman had got hold of him, and the nightman said to me, watchman, take hold of him, and we both of us led him up to Mr. Banks's house; the nightman is not here; then he snatched himself away from us, ran down Newman-street, across Oxford-road, into Dean-street, and turned into Soho-square; he was stopped there again, and brought to Marybone watch-house.
Look at the man; are you perfectly sure he is the man?
I am.
Was it light enough to see the man, so as to know him again?
Yes.
I am a patrol of St. Ann's, Soho: I saw the prisoner in custody in Soho-square; I enquired what was the matter; and I was told to go into Chapel-street, and look upon the rubbish, that he had thrown something away; I went there, and found this iron crow upon the rubbish by Mr. Preston's brewhouse, (produces it) it was quite new then; but Mr. Banks said he should not prosecute him, and I made a poker of it.
(To Franks). Whereabouts was it you saw the prisoner throw something away?
At the corner of Chapel-street, by the brewhouse.
Between two and three o'clock on the 15th of August, I heard the alarm of stop thief in Newman-street; I ran across Oxford-road, and saw the prisoner making his way down Newman-street; I up with my stick, and struck him; he got past me into Chapel-street; I perceived that he have something away upon some rubbish that laid there; he was stopped in Hollen-street, and taken back to Mr. Banks's, and there he slipped from under our arms, and got away; he was pursued and taken again, and carried to Marybone watch-house; and through the neglect of the Magistrate, he was committed for a misdemeanor only, and was out upon bail.
Look at that crow?
I received this crow at Marybone watch-house from Solomons; I went down to the prosecutor's house, and found the window broke; I fitted the crow to it, and it fitted exactly.
Can you take upon yourself to say that the window must have been broke open by that, or such like crow?
I am certain of it.
On the 18th of November, I know the prisoner at the bar stood indicted for a burglary; Jackson and I, and Kennedy, apprehended him in a public-house in Hog-lane; that is all I know of it.
I was first of all committed for a misdemeanor, and was out upon bail from August till November; I had been at work till half past one o'clock, and was going home to my lodgings; I expected my trial was put off till the next Sessions, and I have no friends here.
