I am a weaver : On Saturday, the 8th of May, I got some bobbins to work, from Messrs. Harris and Vining, Milk-street, Cheapside; my wife got it; there were five knots of Mazarine blue silk, and six bobbins of black down silk; I put them into the bag to bring them home; I put five shillings worth of pennypieces, in a paper, into the bag with them; I met with an acquaintance, and we had a pint of beer together, at the Golden-Heart, in Lamb-street, Spital-fields; the prisoner was there; I did not know him, but he was an acquaintance of the man that I drank with; my acquaintance asked me to drink, and we all joined company together; then my acquaintance left me with the prisoner, and a pot of beer; while the pot was drinking, I had occasion to go into the yard; I staid in the yard about one minute; when I returned, I found the bag was gone, with the contents, and the prisoner was gone; Clifford told me he was gone out with the bag; my wife apprehended, and took him, about four hours after.
What time did you go to this house?
About twelve o'clock at noon.
How long did you stay there?
About four hours.
Drinking all that time?
Yes.
Did you or your wife receive this silk?
My wife; I saw it afterwards in the bag, and put the penny-pieces into it.
Did you receive this silk of Harris and Vining?
No; my husband received it himself; I was at home; I took him four hours after
Did you receive this silk yourself?
Yes.
How came you to say your wife received it?
I did not say so.
You certainly did.
I was at the Golden-Heart, on the 8th of May; Davis was there and Prudence; we were all in the tap-room; Davis went into the yard, and I heard Prudence say, he would take the bag and deliver it into the bar for safety; there were two bags, one was his own; I saw him take them both out of the taproom; but whether he delivered them at the bar, or not, I don't know.
I was at the Golden-Heart, when Davis went into the yard; I saw the prisoner take two bags off the table, and go out of the tap-room; the door goes with a spring and a pulley; I could not see whether he went into the tap-room or not; Davis came in, and went to enquire at the bar whether he had left them there or not.
Were these men sober?
I don't suppose they could be over and above sober, after drinking so long.
Did you enquire at the bar?
Yes, but my bags were not there.
I was officer of the night: On the 8th of May, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house by six or seven people.
Where did you find the prisoner?
At Mr. Hawkins's, in Spital-street; he was very drunk, lying on the floor; he denied it, and began to be very rough; he wanted to go away, and I sent for my husband; the prisoner desired a woman to lend him a crown, and he would make it up a guinea afterwards; I told him I wanted nothing but my master's property, and I would go down upon my knees if he would let me have that; my husband came and took him to the watch-house; the silk was brought to our house, on Sunday night, without the penny-pieces, and without the bag.
He was very drunk and lying on the floor?
Yes.
Was his own bag there?
Yes.
Was this man any acquaintance of your's?
I never saw him before.
I went into the Golden-Heart to have a pint of beer; this man, and a Mr. Hinde, were drinking out of a quart-pot, and they insisted upon my putting my pint of beer into their pot; we were sitting drinking from eleven o'clock, till halfpast four; he was very drunk, and I never took the bag out of the room at all; his company got rather troublesome to me, and I came away with my own bag.
