Where do you live?
In Whitechapel now.
What are you?
I go out with greens and to washing.
What have you to say against the prisoner?
I went out at eleven o'clock on Tuesday, in the middle of December, at a little after one; when I came home, my room door was broke open.
Where was your room?
At the London Apprentice, near Shoreditch , which was a public-house, but is now a coal-shed.
How had you fastened the door?
I had padlocked it.
What did you do?
I went to the office directly.
Did you lose any thing?
I missed all my cloaths out of the drawer.
Was that locked also?
Yes.
Whe had you last seen them in the drawer?
Just before I went out.
Did any other person lodge in the house?
Yes, but nobody was at home.
What things did you miss?
Three aprons three handkerchiefs, two pair of shoes, two pair of cotton stockings, a shawl, three gowns, and three shifts.
Was one a black gown?
Yes, and coat.
What is the value of it?
I value it at ten shillings, but it cost me more.
There were two cotton gowns and three shifts, what is their value?
Twelve shillings; they cost me twenty-two shillings. The scarlet cloak I value at ten shillings, and two of the shifts at six shillings I went to the office and got a warrant, for I suspected the prisoner, because she always begrudged me the things when I had them on my back.
Was she a lodger in the house?
Yes.
Up how many pair of stairs?
Up two pair of stairs; I lodge in the one pair.
Did they search her room?
Yes.
Were you present?
Yes.
What was found?
The two cotton gowns, the black gown and coat, under petticoat, and cloak; which are all here.
What are you?
I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street Office. On the 14th of November, I went with Nowlan to the prisoner's room, I searched every thing in the room but an oak chest, and asked her what was in that; she said, nothing but her own; I asked her where the key was; she said, she had not got it; I told he then, I most break it open immediately; she set down upon it, and said, I had got no authority to break it open, and I should not do it; I pushed her off the box, upon which she said, some strange man had put something in it; I immediately broke it open, and found the things stated in the indictment in a bag. (Produces them.)
(To Simpson). Look at those things, and say whether you know them to be your's?
I know the cloak by a stain on the front of it. I have looked at them all before, and know them to be mine.
You are an officer?
Yes; I went with Trott, and know no more than he has told you.
This was a discorderly house, and my room was without lock or key, and there were five more lodgers in the house, so that any body might go into my room; I know nothing of the things, and never was before a Justice in my life before. GUILTY , Death , aged 64.
