What are you?
A wine and brandy-merchant , in Wapping: On the 9th of July last. I took out 145l. 8s. including eight guineas, with me, from home, and a 20l. note I had received of Mr. M'Allister, a customer of mine, in Holborn, making together 165l. 8s.; when I received the 20l. note, I took the other out of my pocket, and wrapped it round them, and put them altogether in my right hand breeches pocket; I then went to the house of John Barker, a customer of mine, who keeps a liquor-shop in High-Holborn; I had a bottle of wine, in company with some persons in the back parlour; there were eight or nine gentlemen there; one of whom was the prisoner; I sat down, and he was at my right hand side, next my pocket in which the notes were; I stayed there about three hours, and got up to go a little before five; a coach was sent for, and my son and myself, and a gentleman who was acquainted with Mr. Barker and myself, got into it; they called him, Mr. Ellis; and he went as far as Cheapside, where he got out; at which time I had not missed my property; I discovered I had lost it, when I got to Messrs. Were's, the banker's; the notes were gone, but the guineas were left; I said, I was robbed; and Mr. Taylor, who is a partner in the house, went back with me to Barker's; I found partly the same customers there, but I believe the prisoner was not there; he was there when I went away, and was very 10th for me to go; I told the company of my loss, and went away some time after; I have seen the Bank note which I took of M'Allister, and which was produced to me at Bow-street.
You were three hours in this public-house?
I was.
How many in company were there?
I think, eight or nine.
Did you drink more than one bottle of wine?
I think me and the rest of the company drank three or four.
You had received the 20l. note of M'Allister?
Yes, a few minutes before; I took the other notes from my house, to pay into my banker's, with what I should collect, and I rolled that 20l. note round them.
Making no particular remark on it?
Yes, I did; I know the indorsement on it; there is the initials of M'Allister's name.
You went away towards the banker's?
I did.
Was the prisoner left there?
Yes.
When you came back, he was not?
I believe he was not.
He returned afterwards to the house?
I did not see him.
Were you sober?
I was a little merry, but not drunk.
A person named Ellis, went with you in the coach?
Yes.
Did curiosity induce you to look at the notes, before you went out of Barker's?
No; I neither pulled them out, or looked at them.
Then the time you lost them you do not know?
No.
Whether they were taken in the coach, or not, you do not know?
It was impossible for them to be taken out of my pocket in the coach.
It was a hackney-coach?
Yes.
Did any body open the door to let you into the coach?
Yes; but I don't know who.
Had you drank so much, that you don't recollect?
Not so much.
You never missed them till you got to Were's?
No.
Is Mr. Ellis here?
No.
Did he sit on the same side of the coach with you, or opposite to you?
My son sat next to me, and Ellis opposite to him; he got out of the coach in Newgate-street, Cheapside, or thereabouts; I have not seen him since.
Do you keep the house Mr. Martin has spoke of?
Yes, the Coach and Horses, in High Holborn: On the 9th of July, the prosecutor came between one and two o'clock, and sat down in the parlour with several gentlemen who had dined there; the prisoner was one of the company; and Mr. Martin sat next to him; there were three or four bottles of wine drank; and after Mr. Martin had stayed three or four hours, I sent for a coach for him, and saw him into it; Mr. Ellis, who is a farmer, at Elton, near Stilton, in Huntingdonshire, went with him; the prisoner remained some little time after them in the room; when he got up, he said, he was going away, but would forfeit a shilling, if he did not return in ten minutes; in about an hour after, he did return; but I do not know whether Martin had been back then, or not; but he did come with a partner of the Bank, and said, he had lost his property; and went away soon after; when he was gone, there was some conversation about the notes; and they said, it was a reflection upon the company, as it was lost in the room; it was proposed for them all to stand search; and by their desire, I fetched the high-constable, Mr. Bell, who came; and Mr. Jones, the prisoner, after opening his waistcoat, pulling out a shilling, and some loose papers, said, I will not be searched by any man, pray who are you? to Mr. Bell; say Mr. Bell, here is my authority, and I'll search you first; which he did; and in his left hand coat pocket, he found a 20l. Bank-note; then I took a coach, and fetched Mr. Martin; and the prisoner was taken into custody.
The prisoner frequented your house, I believe?
Yes; and has for four years.
You were a good deal surprised at this charge against him?
Yes.
He was one of the last persons in the world you could suspect?
Indeed he was; he always behaved genteelly, and with the greatest respectability.
Did Martin say he would have a coach?
He did; and I thought a coach would be better for him, old and feeble as he is, and his condition being such.
What do you mean by such a condition?
He is a seeble old man, and considering the distance from my house to his, and he having had a glass or two of wine, I thought a coach would be better.
Was he intoxicated or not?
He was not.
When he went away, did he not say, he had lost something?
No.
Some of the party were gone?
Yes.
You know he is a tradesman, and keeps a shop?
I have always understood so.
It is nothing uncommon for a tradesman to go away for a short time?
No.
Did he return, as he said he would?
He did.
Martin had not arrived then?
I don't know that he had.
Had Martin communicated that he would return to the house?
No.
You say, there was a general agreement to search?
They all agreed to it.
The prisoner was rather drunk?
I rather think he was not at all; he had a pint of ale first, and then part of a bottle of wine with Mr. Martin; and he had dined there; he said, he would be searched by no man, when the constable was there.
Did they all know he was a constable?
All, except Mr. Jones.
You found the note rolled up in a little lump?
I did not see it at all.
What are you?
An iron-founder, in Cross-street, Wilderness-row, Clerkenwell: I was at Barker's, on the 9th of July; the prisoner and Martin were there, and next to each other, except a little boy, who stood between them most of the time; we sat on chairs, and I don't think he had a seat.
Was your attention called by any thing you saw done by the prisoner at the bar?
When Mr. Martin was told the coach was at the door, and after a great deal of shaking hands between the prisoner and him, he went; I thought both of them were a little overtaken; it was frequently the case that Martin was offering his hand to Jones, and Jones to him, with particular familiarity; when Martin rose, Jones rose with him, and they were shaking each other by the hand very cordially, and I was not very well pleased with it; for I had rather a suspicion, as I thought I saw Mr. Jones draw his hand from Mr. Martin's right hand breeches pocket, but did not see that he took any thing; I believe he did not at that time; Martin directly after left the room; and Jones stayed a very short time, promising to return in ten minutes, or he would forfeit a shilling, which he threw on the table.
After he was gone, did you communicate to any one of the company what you thought?
I did, to Mr. John Graut . I and five or six more were in another room, when Mr. Martin returned; and I did not see him that night, but I heard him; the prisoner, I think, returned in about three quarters of an hour, when Mr. Barker came into the room, and announced the loss. I was present when the constable came, and saw the prisoner searched and the note that Mr. Bell said, in the prisoner's hearing, he had taken out his coat-pocket.
You have known the prisoner some years?
I have, and been many times in his company; I entertained the highest opinion of his honesty up to that time, and was very much surprised at this charge; I never met with greater uneasiness than to find such a charge against a man, whom I had the highest esteem for.
Were they what you call mellow?
They were in liquor; they seemed to be old men, and easily affected by liquor; I thought they were in liquor, from the observation I made.
What business is the prisoner?
In the comb and brush-making business, as well as a dealer in persumery, in St. Martin's-lane.
Are you high-constable of that district?
Yes. On the 9th of July, in the afternoon, I was sent for to Barker's house; I went into the back parlour where the prisoner was, and five gentlemen beside; I said, I am come to make a search, but I don't know that I am altogether authorised, without consent; they said, they would esteem it a favour, if I would.
Did all say that?
All but Mr. Jones, who said, he would not be searched by any man; I then shewed my staff, and said, sir, I shall begin with you first.
Did you ask him, what he had about him?
No. In searching him, I found this 20l. note in his left hand coat pocket, (produces it) ; rumpled up much as it is now; I asked him, how he came by it; he said, it did not belong to him; but, before I had done, he insisted upon my returning it, for that it was his property; I asked him, how he came by it, and he said, he took it of Mrs. Sowden or Snowden, a persumer in the I say market; I said, the note was safe, and I would take him into custody, which I did; he very artfully endeavoured to make his escape, but when he found that would not do, he was violent, but not with any effect; he had a large stick, which he began to use, till I took it away; then he began to kick; and I have now a blow on my leg, which he gave me; at last I was obliged to knock him down in the street, more than once.
When you first went there, the prisoner did not know the high office you held?
I don't know.
You were known to many there?
Yes.
We have been told, he was a little intoxicated - have you ever arrested a drunken man before?
Yes.
You say, he resisted?
Yes.
You hardly ever took a drunken man, charged with felony, who was willing to go?
I never took one before.
This Bank-note was found concealed, but loose in his coat pocket?
Yes.
He said of whom he had taken it?
Yes; but I cannot find such a person.
Look at that note, and say, whether you received it from Mr. M'Allister?
Yes; I know it by the endorsement of Mr. Hall, and E. M'A. the initials of M'Allister.
How long had you had that note?
Only a few minutes.
You had only a few minutes to make those observations?
I made no observations then; I put it into my pocket, wrapped found the others; I saw M'Allister put his initials, and saw the name of Mr. Hall there at that time.
I keep the Castle-Tavern, No. 25, High-Holborn: On the 9th of July, Mr. Martin called upon me with his son, and I paid him a Bank-note of twenty pounds; this is the same, I know it by Mr. Hall's name, and my own initials; Mr. Hall's young man paid it to me, and wrote the name of Hall on it.
Hall and you had frequent dealings together?
Yes.
It is not the first time you have had a name on a note?
Not by hundreds.
And you put your initials on it?
Yes, I do on all my notes.
Do you believe that to be the note you paid to Martin?
I am sure it is.
On the 6th of June, I changed a twenty-pound note with Mr. M'Allister; this is the note, and it has my hand-writing on it.
I have gone from top to bottom of the Hay-market, and made every possible enquiry for Mr. Sowden, or Snowden, a perfumer, but no such person lives there; I enquired at almost every shop on each side of the way.
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I beg leave to say, that I had that morning taken a little drop of ale, and calling at Mr. Barker's, where this unfortunate affair seems to have arisen, I stopped to dine with some gentlemen; instead of drinking three or four bottles of wine, I am confident we had eight or ten; I believe Mr. Martin paid for five, being the wine-merchant of the house; I was in a state of intoxication; and when I went from Barker's, I went home, which is a distance of three quarters of a mile at least; I took a 20l. note in the shop that evening, which, fortunately, I believe, a gentleman in Court can prove, who assisted me with part of the change; with respect to Mrs. Snowden, whom they have mentioned, it is a plain proof that I was very much in liquor, for I never knew or heard of the name before; and I think it is very hard a man cannot take a 20l. note, as I took that, without being tried for it.
Where do you live?
At No. 11, Exeter court, in the Strand; and know the prisoner very well: I called at his shop on Thursday evening, to see him, but did not; on Friday evening, the 9th, I called again, and saw him, some time between five and seven; I don't know what he came home about, but while I was waiting, he came in; and presently a decent dressed person came in also, and asked him for change for a note, but what the value of it was, I did not then know; he said, he did not think he could change it, without they would purchase something, he not knowing him; and the person laid out some money, perhaps four or five pounds, or something of that kind, in combs, I believe; I thought Jones was a litte tipsey; and he asked me if I could lend him any change; to oblige him who was a person I was very intimate with, I did lend him some, sooner than he should loose the sale of his goods, I think it was nine pounds, for I received a 10l. note afterwards from him, and I gave him a 1l. note; - it was three 2l. notes, and three 1l. notes; now I perfectly recollect; I understood the note he wanted change for was 20l.; I did not see the\\ amountof the note, or the value of it; I did not pay much attention to it, and I suppose it was not above ten or fifteen minutes about; I have known the prisoner two years off and on, and I should have trusted him with any sum of money.
What are you?
I have been an officer in the navy, but am not at this moment.
How long have you ceased to be so?
Since I was wounded in the West-Indies, about two years ago.
Have you been on half-pay ever since?
No, I was a warrant officer, a gunner, doing Lieutenant's duty.
What business have you been in?
I made a good deal of Prize-money, and I have a good deal of business in the navy agency way; I am agent for a number of officers, whose powers I have now in my pocket-book.
Do you keep a house?
Yes, I do, and voted for Lord Gardner at the last election.
When this person came for change, Mr. Jones could not do it, unless he would take goods?
I believe that was it.
And in order to get change for a Bank-note, the person took four or five pounds worth of combs?
I cannot be certain, thereabouts.
