My wife is a laundress.
Do you know Susannah Bowen ?
Yes; and she goes by the name of Hickes; she was in the employment of Mrs. Pressman and my wife; they are in partnership.
I am in partnership with Mrs. Creed, at Bromley : We missed a great number of things out of the wash; among others, the things mentioned in the indictment; but I cannot be positive that I ever saw them, only the ladies saying they were certain they were sent to the wash.
I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street: On Tuesday, the 27th of May, I apprehended the prisoner; I overtook her in the way to London; she had a bundle; I took her to Mrs. Creed's house, and searched her; upon her neck I found this muslin handkerchief, marked I; she resisted a good deal; she would not let me search her pockets; I found this linen-handkerchief in her pocket; she had this petticoat upon her; this muslin gown was tied up in a bundle; this muslin handkerchief was tied round the bundle, marked M B; there were other things in the bundle belonging to herself; I found a duplicate of a gown pawned in the Borough; I asked her what that duplicate was, she said it was a duplicate of a gown she had stole from Mrs. Creed.
Had he or you made her any promise?
No; I told him not, and I was present the whole time; she said she hoped he would not hurt her, it was the first time, and she would tell me where all the property was.
The same afternoon that she was apprehended I went with her to her lodgings, and the first thing that I claimed was this handkerchief, marked M B; she denied it, and said her sister had given her it; this muslin gown, when it was lost, was in a petticoat; but I cannot say positively as to any of the things, that they were in our house, only the ladies said they were; I have had things with these marks a great many times, for these ten years; the prisoner owned to this handkerchief, marked M B; and to the muslin spotted gown, and begged for mercy.
My master and mistress both promised that I should not be prosecuted if I would own to the things.
I did not promise any such thing.
