I am in partnership with John Badger and Benjamin Hudson, wholesale haberdashers and warehousemen , in the Old Jewry ; the prisoner was a servant in our house: On Sunday, the 7th of December, we had suspected the prisoner, and I watched him by means of cutting a hole in the wainscot; I saw him sold up a piece of lawn, and at that instant one of my young men came up from breakfast, that, I suppose alarmed him, and he huddled it into his pocket in a hurry; I went down, and told him I thought his pockets were fuller than they ought to be; he took it out of his pocket, and said he had bought it in Newgate-street, but did not know what shop; Mr. Ashfield went into the warehouse, and brought the piece of lawn that it was cut off from; I asked him what money he had in his pocket; and he pulled out between twenty and thirty shillings, but I could not swear to any of the money.
You did not see him cut it off?
No.
And you did not know but that he might have bought it in Newgate-street?
It is exactly the same as this.
Have you taken any pains to enquire in Newgate-street?
No.
I am warehouseman to the prosecutors: I was desired to watch by two of the partners; on the Friday I saw him take a box of candles.
That was not the same day with the linen?
No; on the Sunday morning I saw him take a pair of scissars into the back part of the warehouse, about nine o'clock; he returned in a few minutes with something in a blue paper, he brought it into the front warehouse; he then went behind the counter, where I could not see him; and in the space of a few minutes he came from behind that counter, where I could see him; he had the same blue paper as before, likewise a piece of lawn in his hand; Mr. Smith was looking at the same time, and I went with Mr. Smith, and he charged him with it; he said he had nothing more than he ought to have; he then pulled out a small piece of waste paper, and said he had a bit of lawn, that he had bought in Newgate-street, to make his baby some shirts; a person was sent for to take him into custody.
I dare say you took the trouble of enquiring in Newgate-street?
No; I did not.
You did not see him cut the lawn off?
No.
He continued in the same story from beginning to end; and you never made the least enquiry whether his story was a true one?
No.
I am one of the Marshalmen: in consequence of a search-warrant, I went to the apartments of the prisoner, in company with the prosecutor, and found a number of articles which do not belong to this charge.
The lawn belonged to me.
