I live with my father, in Middle-row, Holborn .
Do you know Mr. Powdich?
Yes, he keeps a linen-draper's shop opposite our house: on the 19th of January I was at the one pair of stairs window, and saw the prisoner at the bar take a piece of print from the door.
Did you take notice of her so as to know her again?
Yes.
Describe the manner in which you first observed her?
The next shop to Mr. Powdich's is a print shop; she went and looked into Mr. Powdich's shop-window, to see whether the young men were engaged, and seeing they were engaged, she took one of the pieces of print that were on the horse at the door, and put it under her cloak, and went round the corner of Middle-row with it.
What time of the day was it?
About twelve o'clock; I went immediately down stairs into the shop, and told my brother; he immediately went after her; she was brought back almost immediately; my brother brought her back in about three minutes to Mr. Powdich's shop; I went over, and saw my brother open her cloak, and then she gave him the print.
Did you hear what was said?
She said, provided they did not punish her, she was willing to make any recompense.
You never saw her before?
No.
Are you sure it is the same woman you saw taking the print?
Yes, there was no other person near Mr. Powdich's door; there were people looking at the print-shop next door, but not near Mr. Powdich's door that she looked in.
In consequence of the information I received from my sister, I went round the corner of Middle-row and pursued the prisoner to Gray's-inn-lane.
How did you know her?
By the description my sister had given me, she said she had a red cloak on; there was no person else there but her, she crossed directly over to Gray's-inn-lane; I told her she had got something that did not belong to her; I took her round the waist, and brought her into Mr. Powdich's shop, and there I opened her cloak, and she gave it into my hand; she said she would make any recompense.
I told him, if it was his property, he was very welcome to it; I picked it up in the street.
Did she say she picked it up in the street?
No.
I live with Mr. Powdich; I saw the last witness bring the prisoner into the shop; he told me that lady had got something that belonged to us; he immediately opened her cloak, and she gave him the print, and he immediately gave it to me.
I am an officer of Hatton-garden; I produce the piece of print.
Do you know where that piece of print was placed?
Just inside of the threshold of the door, on a stool: there was a pile of them put there in the morning; I had seen that print there.
I was looking into the picture-shop, where a great number of people were looking, as well as me; I picked this piece of print up, four yards from the picture-shop, on the ground; I never took it off from the stool; I kicked against it before I saw it; I took it up, supposing some person might have dropped it; the prosecutor promised my witness that my trial was not till to-morrow, else I had a witness to speak for me, that I had lived with five years.
I do not reside there myself, I only know that it is my property.
Did you promise her witness that her trial should not be till to-morrow?
No application has been made to me by any person whatever.
