I am a brazier and tin man , I live in Red Lion-street Holborn; I only know it is my property.
I am a fish monger's servant, I live with Mr. Bayley, Newgate-street; I had been in Portland-street, Oxford Road; coming back I saw the prisoner at the bar and another after picking a gentleman's pocket, then they went down Red Lion-street ; I watched them down there, and a lad that was with the prisoner took up the copper, the prisoner then was behind him; the prisoner went and took the copper away from the boy, and went on with it, I went and informed Mr. Aberdour.
Are you sure that the prisoner is the person.
Yes.
Where was I when I took the copper from the boy.
In Red Lion-street.
I have a witness to the contrary; it was in Eagle-street, the boy asked me to carry it for him into Holborn.
In consequence of information, I followed them into Eagle-street; the prisoner at the bar was carrying it on his head; they were walking very fast, they turned into Dean-street, and when they had got a little way down Dean-street, I came up to them. I immediately collared the prisoner at the bar with the copper on his head; the other person ran off, I asked him how he dared steal the copper from the door, he said he was employed by the person that was with him; in the scuffle he got from me and the copper fell off his head, with assistance I took him again; he never was out of my sight.
I shewed him the boy who hired me to carry it, and begged of him to take him.
You know him I suppose.
I never saw the boy before.
I have a witness that saw the boy call me to carry it, that was coming by at the time he hired me.
I live in Charlotte's-buildings, Gray's Inn-lane, I work for Mr. Wake a scavenger in Gray's Inn-lane, I sift cinders.
How long have you known Cox.
I do not know him at all.
O, Yes you do.
No, I do not know him, I never saw him before the boy stopped him in Eagle-street and asked him to carry the copper for him into Holborn, and he would satisfy him for it.
What size boy.
He was about fifteen years old, the boy had the copper before him when he asked Cox to carry it.
A stout lad.
Yes, with a brown coat.
Did it not strike you very odd, that that boy should not be able to carry that copper himself.
It was nothing to do with me.
You will explain to me and the jury how he found you out.
I will tell you how I was found out, two or three days afterwards, I was in Gray's Inn-lane, a woman was crying she said her brother was charged with the copper, I said I saw such a man stopped in Eagle-street with the copper, I thought it was my duty to go and tell the truth
What is the woman's name.
Elizabeth Cox.
(to Clark) Where was it you first saw the prisoner.
In St. Giles's I followed him to Red Lion-street.
What was the boy in that was in company with him.
I think it was a brown coat.
