I am a surveyor; I live in Dean-street, Soho: On the 20th of October I was at Mr. Hale's, a grocer, in Cockspur-street; Mr. Hale, in Mr. Watts's presence, gave me two shillings and half-a-crown marked, and a copy of the marks made upon paper; I went to Mr. Watts's that evening, and purchased a box of Dr. Jebb's pills, and a bottle of hartshorn; I paid the same marked money to the prisoner at the bar; I went back, delivered the articles to Mr. Watts, and Mr. Watts soon after left me.
I am a chemist and druggist, in the Strand ; the prisoner has been my servant about thirteen months; latterly he has served behind the counter: On the 20th of October I gave some marked money to Mr. Hale, which was given to Mr. Lockie in my presence; he went and brought the articles, and soon went away; I examined the till before I went; when I came home, I sent the prisoner out, and examined the till again, but perceived no addition or diminution whatever; none of the marked money was there; the prisoner came in, I went up stairs, and lent the prisoner in the shop alone; when I came down, I sent the prisoner out again, and examined the till again, and found the two marked shillings in the till, but not the half-crown, and a halfguinea was taken away, and a seven-shilling-piece substituted in its place.
Was there any increase in the silver?
I believe there was one shilling increase, but I am consident no more: it was the indispensible duty of the prisoner to have entered these articles in the retail book; the book is here, but they are not entered; I called in Mr. Green and Mr. Christain, two neighbours; I then called the prisoner into the accompting-house, and told him I was sorry to accuse him of being a thief, I had long suspected him, but now I have good proof of it; I told him I had a constable at hand, and requested him to take out of his pocket what money he had; he pulled out four half-guineas, one shilling and sixpence, and half-a-crown, that was the marked halfcrown I had given to Mr. Lockie, I am sure it is the same, here is the paper upon which I copied the mark.
The mark was not put upon this half-crown by yourself?
It was not.
The mark is a letter, is it not?
It is an I and a semicircle.
The prisoner lived with you thirteen months?
Yes.
How long did you stop at Mr. Hale's, after the money was given to Mr. Lockie?
Not five minutes; it was the indispensible duty of the prisoner to enter those articles in the retail book.
Is it not sometimes the case, that articles are omitted to be entered?
Yes; and then there has been a surplus.
I think you said there might be an increase of a shilling in the till in the silver?
There might.
If a customer wanted change, would not the person serving resort to the till for that purpose?
Assuredly.
Supposing a half-crown was wanted, and there was no half-crown in the till, might he not give the change out of his own pocket?
He had a particular order from me never to give change out of his pocket, but to send the servant out for change.
But he was alone at this time, and it was night?
Yes.
From the hurry in which this business was transacted, which you say was not five minutes, do you, in your conscience, believe he had had time enough to have put it into the till?
Yes.
Mr. Lockie had had time to come from your house to Cockspur-street, and you to return again?
Yes.
This is the same half-crown.
How often do you settle your book?
Every night in general, and if I am not in the way, there is an entry made of the produce in the till.
I am a linen-draper, in the Strand; Mr. Watts called me in, and I saw the prisoner produce the half-crown.
I am porter to Mr. Watts; I was going out with some sassafras on the evening the prisoner was taken up; I applied to him for change; he gave me half-a-guinea, two half-crowns, and three-pence.
Where was it taken from?
I don't know; he gave me two shillings and sixpence for one of the half-crowns, for fear I should want small silver.
What time in the evening was this?
About seven o'clock, as near as I can tell.
Who was there at the time?
Nobody but me and the prisoner.
How soon did you hear he was taken up for embezzling half-crowns?
About an hour and a half.
You told your master immediately that he had changed half a crown with you?
No.
Have you ever told any body down to this day?
I told my master.
When?
The next day.
Where he took the money you cannot tell?
No.
