I am a solicitor , at Ramsgate: On Wednesday evening, the 2d of April, between eight and nine o'clock, I was at Mr. Hunter's house, who is my brother-in-law, in the parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster ; I went into the drawing-room above stairs, and found that the dressing-room window, even with the drawing-room below stairs, had been thrown up; there was a writing-box belonging to Mrs. Hunter, in which were contained five five-guinea notes of the Ramsgate bank, and one ten pound note of the same bank, belonging to me, I had put them in myself; the first thing I inquired after was that box, and I found it was gone, with the notes; I saw no more of the notes till the constable brought them to me, in consequence of information that I had given at Bow-street on the Thursday morning, and on the Thursday afternoon the notes were brought to me by the constable; the constable has the notes.
I live servant with John Hunter , Esq. in Fludyer-street, Westminster: I went into my mistress's dressing-room to shut the window, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, and found it open; the dressing-room window looks into Fludyer-street; I found the window up, the blinds open, and some dirt of a footstep upon the outside of the window; I did not miss any thing.
I am a constable of St. John's parish, Westminster: On the 2d of April, I was at the watch-house from between nine and ten o'clock in the evening till the morning; there was a person brought to the watch-house of the name of Gentleman, charged with an assault; and in consequence of information I received from the watchman, Robert Greenhill , I went with him to a place called Corkcutters-alley; as soon as I got into the alley, it is not a thoroughfare, a woman ran up the alley, and said, Jack, shut the door; I made the best of my way to follow her into that house, and I found the prisoner standing in the house with his back towards the fire-place; when he saw me, he stooped to take up something, which he held behind his coat, which put me on my guard; the woman then ran towards him, put her arms round him, and took something away, but what it was I could not discover; he then stooped again, and took something else up, which he held behind his coat in the same way; after a little while that was dropped, and I discovered a poker lying upon the hearth; he asked me what I wanted with him, and it was nonsense, and so on; I then desired the watchman to take him into custody, and I took out my truncheon, and we took him to the watch-house; when he came to the watch-house, I searched him, and in his left-hand waistcoat-pocket I found four Ramsgate bank-notes, which I have now to produce; they were squeezed up separately like waste paper; I did not ask him how he came by them, he was drunk at that time; the next morning I did ask him how he came by them, and he told me he came honestly by them, but did not tell me how.
I believe them all to be mine; but the ten pound note, which is marked with, the names of Mr. Heritage and J. Perkins upon it, I can swear positively to.
You mean only to speak to the ten pound note?
Yes.
And from that single circumstance, of having these names upon it?
Yes.
They are all Ramsgate bank-notes?
Yes.
Nothing is more common with notes than to have names endorsed upon them?
Undoubtedly.
It appears to have been a good while in circulation?
Yes.
Cannot you recollect ever having seen the names of Heritage and Perkins upon any other note?
Not that I recollect.
Heritage kept a tavern at Ramsgate?
Yes.
And it was his practice to put his name upon other bills?
That I cannot say.
Did you never see any other notes with his names endorsed upon them?
I may; I cannot recollect them.
Supposing there had been a ten pound note that had found its way to York, or any other place, it having the name of Heritage, and having the name of Perkins, should you have been able to distinguish the one from the other?
No.
I see the endorsement, Heritage, is dated May 1795?
Yes.
Observe this is not the endorsement of an endorset, because it is payable on demand, but an endorsement put on for some other purpose?
Yes.
The first person you saw at the end of this alley was the woman?
Yes.
You saw nothing of the notes in the house?
No.
The woman was the person who appeared to be agitated?
Yes.
Had you curiosity to search the house before you took the prisoner to the watch-house?
No.
Therefore, whether there was any other man in that house you do not know?
It is a small house let in tenements.
Did you search the house to see if there was any other man in any other part of that house at that time?
I did not.
Did the prisoner make any resistance when you took him?
He seemed to menace at first, but he did not make any resistance.
You say there was a woman whose arms were round the man, what became of her?
She was taken into custody a few days afterwards.
Was it impossible that she could have taken any thing from his pocket, or any part about him?
I think there was a possibility, but I did not see her take any thing; he back was to me.
Might not the woman have given him something?
I did not see her; there is a possibility of it.
Could she have given him these notes that you found squeezed up in his waistcoat pocket?
I should suppose she might.
On the 3d of April, about a quarter past one in the morning, I was going by Cork-cutter's-alley, I heard a very great noise; I went down with my partner Gilbert, and there was a man there that had been very much beat, and he gave me charge of Gentleman, I took charge of him and two others, I took them all to the watch-house together; I heard the prisoner say to Gentleman in the room of the house where I took charge of them, don't be afraid, I will lend you fifteen or twenty pounds if you want it, in Bank-notes; upon that, I took Gentleman to the watch-house, and locked him up; I called Mr. Bly out of the watch-house, and told him what I had heard the man say, and we went to the house and took him, and as we entered the court, there was a woman called out, Jack, Jack, shut the door; upon that I got my stick between the door and the sill, and with the assistance of Bly, I shoved the door open, and collared the prisoner at the bar, and he made away to the fireplace; he was standing by a table when we went in, he went to the fire-place, where there laid a poker and a hatchet, and a hand-broom upon the hearth, he stooped down and picked up one of these things, but which he had I could not see; he began to skuffle a little at first, till I told him it was of no use, for I would stick him to the wall with a cutlass if he made any resistance; and when he saw me putting my hand toward the cutlass, he let it drop; we took him to the watch-house, and in his waistcoat pocket were four Bank notes, three of five guineas, and a ten pound note.
You have told us all that passed about the woman?
No; she went to him when he stood by the fire-place, and took something out of his hand, but what it was I do not know, she made use of this expression,\"Don't, don't, do nothing;\" she put her hands to his hands, and whatever he had in his hands, he dropped; I did not know whether it was the poker, or what it was.
You have told us all that happened that the woman did?
I believe so.
Do you remember the woman clasping the man round the body, with her arms?
Not to the best of my knowledge.
If that had been done in the room, you must have seen it?
Yes, there was a light in the room.
Will you swear that he gave her any thing, or that she gave him any thing?
I did not see her either give or take.
Will you venture to swear that she did not give any thing into his hand?
No.
I am a patrole: On the 3d of April, I went with the last witness into the prisoner's apartment, he was there along with the woman; I heard the prisoner say to Gentleman, that he would let him have fifteen or twenty pounds, if he wanted it, and not to be afraid.
Was Gentleman and he making a notice and riotous?
Yes, and beating the man.
Was it in consequence of what Greenhill told you, respecting the prisoner having fifteen or twenty pounds, that you proceeded to do what you did?
Yes; Gentleman was a man that had returned from transportation, and therefore I suspected the prisoner as they were together.
You say, you observed a footstep when you went up stairs, was it a man's footstep or a woman's?
A man's.
I was coming through the City, when I got through Temple-bar, by the first church, it was a very wet night, and I picked up a handkerchief, and upon shaking it this paper dropped out; I never was in London till three weeks before this.
