John Perry is my father, we live at No. 9 , Pell-street : On Tuesday morning, the 24th of December, I got up and left a pair of breeches and two waistcoats upon the bed, about seven o'clock in the morning; my mother stopped a woman with them in Wood-street; I was sent for about half past eleven o'clock to Guildhall, where I saw the clothes and the prisoner; my mother has had them ever since.
I am the mother of the last witness: I was in the lower room upon the ground-floor, about a quarter past eleven o'clock; I was cleaning the room, and a lodger in the two pair of stairs came down, and asked me if I had sent any body up to see Mr. Perry; and in consequence of what she told me I went out, and saw the prisoner run down the street; I pursued the prisoner into a coach-yard, in Wood-street; I laid hold of her by the skirt of her gown, and desired to see what she had got in her apron, and she refused till the officer came up; I found a pair of breeches, and two waistcoats, in her apron.
What room is it your son sleeps in?
The two pair of stairs.
I lodge at Mr. Perry's: I saw the prisoner go up stairs; I was in my own room, up two pair of stairs, my room-door was open; I asked her if she was going up to see Mr. Perry, and she said, yes; she went down stairs again in about ten minutes, she went down very quick; she run out into the street, and I gave Mrs. Perry notice of it.
These are my waistcoats, and these are my breeches, they were left in the room.
On Monday night, in the Christmas week, I met with Mr. Perry in Smithfield, and went with him and had some purl; and then he took me up into this room, and asked me to oblige him with my company for a quarter of an hour, and he would give me half-a-crown; he said he had no money, and desired me to call the next day; and he said I was come too soon, he had no money, and he gave me the things to pledge; it was not that young man, but the elderly man.
Is there any elderly man lives in your house?
There is my husband, but he has been ill in bed these eight months.
