May I take the liberty to ask your lordship's name.
Dupre Alexander .
Is your lordship properly described as the earl of Caledon in that part of the kingdom called Ireland.
Where was your lordship's house in town.
In Stretton street, Piccadilly, St. George's .
The prisoner at the bar was in your lordship's employ, in what capacity was he.
A valet ; he had lived with me about six months. In the month of August I had sent my steward and other servants to the Cape of Good Hope; in consequence of that I placed the same confidence in him as I should have done in my steward. On the 27th or 28th of September, I received an order, a note, from the Admiralty, saying when the sloop of war would be ready to receive me on board. In consequence of that I gave the prisoner an order to get all the goods packed up and sent to Portsmouth.
Among these articles were there any table cloths.
There were table cloths, and I believe there were table cloths packed up, but whether they were packed up I do not know, I certainly meant them to be packed up.
You did not mention table cloths, but your order included them and napkins, and every thing that you intended to be sent to the Cape.
I included every thing but three beds and linen; it was in consequence of a very hurried state I desired every thing should be packed up.
Was there an order given respecting wine.
There was, the prisoner was to pack up some wine also for the Cape.
Were you present at the time these articles were packed up.
I saw them in the cart which was to convey them to the waggon office in Warwick lane; there were thirty-two packages to be sent to Warwick lane, and ten to be sent to the Borough.
At the time that you left this country did you leave any wine in your house.
I left this country the first week in December for Ireland. I cannot recollect the exact time I was last in the cellar, but when I was last in the cellar I did leave wine in it; there ought to be wine in the cellar when I left this country.
Had the prisoner the key of your lordship's cellar.
When I was packing up I sent for my wine merchant, Mr. Harrison, directing him to send me some man to pack up some wine; during that time I entrusted the prisoner with the key of the cellar.
Did you leave it in his possession during the time you were absent in Ireland.
I cannot be positive, there were two keys of the cellar, one was in my pocket.
Then whether you had left the other key you are not certain.
I cannot say.
Were you in my lord Caledon's service as coachman.
Yes.
When he left this country for Ireland you remained behind.
Yes, I resided in the house previous to his departure.
Were you and the prisoner employed to convey a number of packages from his house to an inn in the city.
Yes, to the Oxford Arms in Warwick lane.
Did you or the prisoner assist in making the packages.
I did not. I saw him assist, and both of us went with the packages to the city.
What were the number that you delivered to that inn.
Thirty-two.
Were they counted at the time that you delivered them.
They were.
Did any thing particular occur at the time they were counted.
I found the prisoner was not very correct in numbering the packages; he asked me particularly why I counted them twice over, and then he asked the carman about the packages.
Do you recollect when he counted them whether he made them greater or less than you made them.
He made them less.
Can you tell me how many.
I cannot exactly say.
Were there any directions on them packages.
On all; some to my lord Caledon, and some to Mr. Dupree Alexander.
When lord Caledon was in Ireland, after he left London, did you see whether any of these packages were brought back to my lord's house.
The very next day after my lord's departure I saw some of them brought back.
How many was brought back.
One, the prisoner himself brought it back in a hackney coach.
Was any more brought back.
Not as I see.
Do you know whether there were any more packages in the house, whether you saw them brought back or no.
I saw four of those that were taken down to Warwick lane; there was no other servant in the house but my wife who was confined in bed sick, and my sister who was attending her.
Did you bring them back.
No.
Was any thing done to these packages when they were brought home.
The locks were entirely wrenched off after they were brought home.
Had you an opportunity of observing what the contents of these boxes were.
No, I had not.
I mean after the boxes were broke, and when the locks were broken off, did you see the contents.
I saw some wine and some wearing apparel, and some perfumery.
Did you see any cambric.
No.
You know where the cellar is in your master's house, did you see any body go to the cellar after your master absented himself.
The prisoner, several times.
Did you see the prisoner take any thing from the cellar.
Several times, I have seen him take wine.
Did you at any time in your master's absence breakfast with the prisoner.
Yes.
How long after your master's absence.
I cannot exactly say, it was before the box was broke open.
I am bookkeeper to the Oxford Arms, in Warwick lane.
Do you know the person of the prisoner at the bar.
I do.
Do you recollect his coming to the Oxford Arms with the last witness any time, and when.
He came on the 30th of October to our inn and brought thirty-two packages.
Were those packages delivered to your care.
They were.
Do you recollect in what manner they were directed.
Some were directed, Lord Caledon, Cape of Good Hope, and some of them, Mr. Alexander, by the same conveyance as lord Caledon.
How soon after that did you see the prisoner at the bar.
Either one or two days afterwards he gave a general order to stop the goods, until a further order from his lordship; the goods were not sent. In about ten or twelve days he then came in lord Caledon's name and demanded a part of the packages back. He at that time opened one box, and took out some boots and shoes and tied them up in a handkerchief, and took another trunk and put it in the coach, and ordered the coachman to drive to lord Caledon's house in Stretton street.
Were any other packages delivered to him at different times.
Eight more; they were all taken away in a coach, and ordered to be taken to lord Caledon's house.
You are a linen draper, and live in Piccadilly.
Yes.
Look at the prisoner, and tell me whether you have ever seen him before.
I saw him at my house on the 12th of December, he brought some table linen, which he wished me to put a value on.
What quantity and what sort.
Two damask table cloths, one diaper table cloth, and one damask napkin.
What said he to you when he brought these.
He wished me to set a value upon them, in consequence of his being about to dispose of them; he said that he had a variety of plate, china, and other things to dispose of, to the\\ amountof ten thousand pounds.
Did you purchase any of them.
No, I merely gave my opinion of the value of the linen he left at my house from Friday till the Monday; he was to call in half an hour. He did not return till the Monday; it was discovered, and he was examined at Marlborough street.
You live at No. 13, Charlotte street, Portland chapel.
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar.
I do, I first saw him at Covent Garden theatre with a female friend of mine.
Afterwards you went with him to Stretton street.
Yes; when I went with him to Stretton street, the prisoner told me it was his house; this was about three weeks since.
Were you in Stretton street any morning in the month of December.
I went there to breakfast.
What did he represent himself to be.
He told me that he was aid-de-camp to lord Caledon, that he was going to the Cape of Good Hope.
Did he make you on that morning any present.
He gave me five handkerchiefs; I delivered them up at Marlborough street.
