I am a farrier , I live in Red Lion alley, Cow Cross ; the prisoner was a servant of mine for about a twelvemonth; he was taken in custody with these shoes on Saturday night the 19th. I was sent to know whether I had lost any old iron. I went on Saturday and looked at the iron, I said this is my property.
I am a patrol. On the 19th of November, my partner and I came into Smithfield barrs. John Clark passed by me with a basket in his hands, it was about half past seven at night; I asked him what he had got there, he told me he had some iron in the basket, he took it from home, and he was going to his master's in Red Lion alley, Cow Cross, and if I would come that way he would shew me. I found by the way he trembled that the property was stolen; my partner and I got hold of him and took him part of the way; then he resisted and tried to get away; he throwed the basket down; I knocked him down against the rails; at that time he began to empty his breast of the property, which was an iron backband of a cart; then my partner and I took him to the Compter; the officer took six horse shoes from his breast.
What was in the basket
There were twelve horshoes in the basket, and two pieces of iron bars; after I had delivered the charge, I went back and found the iron backband and took it to the place where the other property was; it is now in the basket.
I am the other patrol. I was aiding and assisting my partner, when we seized the prisoner; he with violence strove to get away; I drew my hanger upon him, he threw the backband away; we took him to the Compter.
I am a constable; about half past seven of the 19th, the two patrols brought the prisoner to my house; they said they had taken a man with some iron; I took him to Giltspur street Compter and searched him, I found six horse shoes between his apron and his waistcoat; there were twelve horse shoes in the basket and two pieces of bar iron; I believe they are all old horse shoes.
Some of the shoes I bought, and some I found, some at one place and some at another.
