Where do you live?
In East-Smithfield , I keep a public-house ; the prisoner came to lodge with me, he went to bed about eleven o'clock at night, and instead of going to bed in the same room that he had slept in two nights before, he went to another room.
How do you know that?
Because I heard him get up in the morning, I slept under him; my son got up and went out to work, and then the prisoner got up; I heard him walking backwards and forwards from the room where he slept, to the room in which he had slept before, without his shoes, at last he came down stairs; I called, who is there, he said, Martin; my wife went up stairs immediately, but I did not miss any thing; when she got up, between seven and eight, she missed the things from the other room.
I am daughter-in-law to Mr. Rollinson; I generally get up about halfpast six, or half-past seven, I went up into Ben-Jamin Rollinson's room for a pair of breeches, but I could not find any thing but an old hat, an old waistcoat and an old shirt belonging to the prisoner; I had seen him wear the hat and the waistcoat the day before; Joseph Rawlinson then went up stairs, and missed the property out of Benjamin's box.
Did you miss these things?
Yes; I went up stairs and found the box broke open, and all my son's things gone, I found this hat.
These things in the indictment are all your son's?
Yes.
What age is your son?
Turned of eighteen.
What is his name?
Benjamin.
What is he?
A stove-grate maker, and works at Mr. Brodie's, in Cary-street.
Does your son receive wages?
Yes; he entrusts his wages to me, and I find him in clothes, he is apprentice to me; I put him apprentice to the gun trade, but the business becoming had, I turned him over to me.
Did you ever find any of the things again?
No.
Did any body else sleep in the house?
Yes, another man slept in the same room with my son.
You are son of the last witness?
Yes; on the 5th of February, I got up and went to work, the man who slept in the same room went out with me, the prisoner slept in an adjoining room; I took out my breeches the night before; I went out, and all the rest of the things were in the box then; I locked the box, and the next morning I missed a shilling out of my breeches pocket; I moved the box to look for it, the box was safe then; when I came home at night, I found the box had been broke open, the bolt of the lock had been shoved back.
I am innocent of the crime laid to my charge.
