I am a watch-case-joint-finisher: On the 24th of September I met with the prisoner and the deceased at Mrs. Maypowder's, the Plough, in Fleet-street; I was drinking part of a pint of beer with the prisoner; the deceased came in, and was very abusive to the prisoner; he said, he would fight him for five shillings, or any of his family; I thought it had ended there, till I went with the prisoner again on the Saturday following; the deceased was there; he wanted the prisoner then to fight him; he squared up in his face, and said, he would give him a good hiding if he would come out; the prisoner, seeing he was very anxious to fight, said, he would sight him on Monday; it was then agreed that they should meet at Mrs. Maypowder's; they were to fight for half a guinea a side; the deceased said, he had put down half a crown into the hands of a young man there to bind the wager; the prisoner put a shilling into his hands, he had not half a crown, and then the deceased put down a shilling; they were to meet on Monday at one o'clock; I then went home with the prisoner; they were to fight in the Spa-fields at three o'clock; I went about half past three; the fight was then began; they fought about half an hour after I got there without their shirts; they had seconds; several blows passed, and they both fell together; the second to the deceased helped him up, but he was not able to stand; he staggered, and the mob cried out, now hit him; the prisoner said, no, I won't; he then went out of the ring, and put his coat on; he went to a house a little lower down, had something to drink, and washed his face; I went with him; about an hour afterwards I heard that the deceased was dead, and I went with another person to see him at the house of a Mr. Jenner, in Red-lion market, Old-street; he was laying in bed dead; there were several marks about his neck, back, and belly; the prisoner drew the stakes out of Mrs. Maypowder's hands; he did not then know the man was dead.
How long have you known the prisoner?
Four or five years; he is a young man of a very quiet disposition; I never heard of his fighting before.
Did you see any thing unfair in his manner of fighting, or any thing indicating malice?
No.
There was a great uproar and confusion?
Yes, there were a great many hundreds.
Where did you hear the man was dead?
At Mrs. Maypowder's, about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after we went in.
Are you sure it was after the money was drawn that you heard of the death?
Yes.
I live in Red-lionmarket, Golden-lane: Last Monday fortnight I came home, and found the deceased in bed; he was then dead; I sent for a surgeon; he said, it was of no use to bleed him, for he was dead; I felt his wrist and heart, and could find no signs of life; he was very much beat about the face, and had a terrible blow over one of the ears.
Part of Golden-lane is in the City?
Yes; my house is the second house in Middlesex.
I had been interrupted by the deceased several times to fight, and I told him I did not want to fight.
