- I am a grocer , in Newgate-street, the prisoner was my porter : Last Monday week, between eleven and twelve o'clock, or thereabouts, I passed by the prisoner, in a hurry, he was weighing paper; I felt something in his pocket, that I was convinced was sugar, from the feel; he had been at work in the warehouse that morning, beating over sugar; I desired my young man to endeavour to feel it in the same way, and he did all he could to avoid it, for he turned him self on one side when any body passed him; I sent for a constable, and desired him to follow him when he went to dinner; the constable brought him back with the sugar upon him, it was the identical kind of sugar that he had been beating over in the morning; I had often suspected him, but never detected him before.
Have you any partner in your business?
No.
How long has this man lived with you?
I think he came the 1st of September.
You had a very good character with him?
Yes.
You do not mean to say, that this sugar is not to be had at every grocer's shop in London?
It is a very difficult matter to get it exactly the same.
You can make a great number of samples out of one hogshead?
Yes; but this was a particular kind of sugar, it is Surinam sugar.
Had you a great many hogsheads of the same sort?
Yes.
A vast quantity of course would come from the same country as well as that which you had?
Certainly.
The bags, I presume, you cannot swear to?
No, they have no marks upon them.
I am a constable: I was sent for by Mr. Cobb to watch the prisoner; I followed him down Ivy-lane, and almost at the bottom, I stopped him; I asked him if he was not a smuggler; he said, no, he was not; then I told him he had something in his pocket that was not his own; then I went to the Crown public-house, in Cannon-alley, St. Paul's Church-yard; he went to the necessary, and took this paper of sugar out of his pocket, and threw it down; I got it up again with a scraper; then I searched his right-hand pocket, and took this paper of sugar out; after that, we took him back to Mr. Cobb's, and he gave charge of him.
What business had you to take him to the public-house?
He would go in there.
I am an officer; I was with Plush, I know no more than he has said.
Is that Surinam sugar?
It is, it exactly matched with the sugar that he had been beating over.
He told you he had bought the sugar?
He did not at first, he did afterwards; he at first said, he had never taken any before, and it was only a little for his own use.
I am a porter; I know the prisoner very well: Last Monday was a week, I met him in Watling-street, very near the Old-change, and a man that I never saw before, came up to him with some sugar in his apron, and asked him to buy it of him, and he asked me, I told him, I did not know what to do with it.
Should you know it again?
Yes, I think I should.
Look at those parcels?
They were both in the same coloured bag at that time; this one I can swear to.
Is that parcel in the same coloured paper that it was when you took it from the prisoner?
No; the paper underneath is the same colour as the other.
Who are you porter to?
I live at No. 42, Basinghall-street.
Who are you servant to?
I am out of place, and I was asking the prisoner if he knew of a situation for me; I had been out of place near a month.
You met him just passing by the Old-change?
Yes.
When was it?
Last Monday week.
At what hour of the day?
Somewhere about nine or ten o'clock.
He seemed to know the man very well, did not he?
No, he did not seem to know any thing of him, he was a stranger to him.
How came he to address you?
I do not know, he said he was in distress.
You will swear to that parcel?
Yes.
What will you swear to it by?
By the size of it, and the colour of the paper.
That is the only reason?
Yes.
And yet you will venture to swear positively to it?
I think I can swear positively to it.
Though you do not know the contents?
I knew it was sugar.
What did he give him for it?
Two shillings and some halfpence.
What did he ask for it?
He wanted half a crown.
Did not he tell you how much there was?
He said, there was about four pounds of it.
How long have you known the prisoner?
This twelvemonth.
Longer than that, sure?
Not personally, I knew him by fight before.
How long have you known him by fight?
As a porter I may have known him two or three years.
Intimate with him about a twelvemonth?
I had not been particularly acquainted with him, only having a pint of beer with him.
Who did he work with?
Mr. Cobb, in Newgate-street.
You know that?
Yes.
Who did he live with, before he lived at Mr. Cobb's?
I do not know.
How long has he lived at Mr. Cobb's?
I do not know.
Who did you live with?
Messrs. Carrick and Macneal, in Basinghall-street, till the last month or six weeks.
Where have you been during the last six weeks?
Sometimes at one place, and sometimes at another.
How long did you live with them?
A quarter of a year.
Where did you live before that?
In Cornhill.
So a strange man came up, and asked if you would buy any sugar?
Yes; he said it was good sugar he would warrant, and he supposed about four pounds of it.
It was not opened?
I do not know that it was; I did not see it opened.
Then how can you venture to swear that it was sugar?
It was sugar.
How can you think to impose upon the Court for one moment, by the story you have now told.
