I am a widow, and keep a house at Whitechapel ; the prisoner lodged with me about three months, and left me last Monday week; a fortnight last Monday I missed a box, containing the things named in the indictment, two guineas and a half, and five shillings and sixpence; the prisoner returned about ten o'clock; I had seen the box about seven or eight; I did not then suspect him.
Your's is a lodging-house?
Yes.
You took up another person, and charged him with robbing you?
No, I did not.
Was not there some other man taken up?
One of my lodgers went away, and has not been heard of since.
Did not the prisoner surrender himself voluntarily, and was discharged by the Magistrate?
Yes, because we had found nothing that day.
He returned, and slept at your house?
He did, but not the second night after the robbery; he was taken again the next day.
I am a bricklaver's labourer, and lodged in Mrs. Hussey's house; I lost the property out of her box, and missed it when I came from work on Monday night; the prisoner came home the same night about ten o'clock, and when he was asked about it, offered to surrender himself; but the next day the box was found in a field, under a heap of clay.
I am servant to Mr. Dickson, a pawnbroker, in Whitechapel, and produce two coats and a red cloak, which I took in, pledged by the prisoner and another man; one handed them to the other; I advanced 11. 12s. to the prisoner.
Whose name is on the duplicate?
Delany.
Had you seen the prisoner before?
No.
What time was it?
In the evening, after the candles were lighted; there were a great many people in the shop.
Will you venture to swear you gave any money to the prisoner?
I won't swear who took the money.
Will you swear he was the person who pawned the things, or whether it was not the other man?
They were both standing together, and I put the money down on the counter; they were there but a very few minutes; if I had met the prisoner in the street, and had been asked if I knew him, I should say, yes; but if I had met him accidentally, I should not have given it a thought.
I found the box in a brick field, broke open. (The things produced and identified.)
I leave it all to my Counsel and the Jury.
