Examined by Mr. Fielding. I live at Diston, near Maidstone; my brother, Archibald Thomson , lives near Mile-End: On the 5th of June last, I sent a letter directed to Mr. Archibald Thomson, nursery-man, Mile-End, inclosing a draft for two hundred pounds; I delivered it; to Mr. Poole, the post-master, himself.
Examined by Mr. Fielding. I am post-master at Maidstone: On the 5th of June Mr. David Thomson brought me four or five letters, which I put into the box, and they were forwarded on the evening of that day.
Were you present when the bag was made up?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Fielding. I am a sorter in the Inland Office at the General Post-office.
Did the Maidstone bag come to your hand in the usual way on the 6th of June?
Yes.
Did you go through your regular duty, and dispose of the letters according to that duty?
I did.
Into whose hands would these letters go, after they had gone through your hands?
They would go to the clerk of the table who examines the letters, to see that they are charged properly.
Those letters which are within the delivery of the General Post, do they form one delivery?
There are two letter-carriers from the Post-office to sort the town letters; from the clerk they are given to the stamper, who stamps them.
Two of the carriers are for that purpose denominated sorters?
Yes.
Who is the immediate officer after you have done with your part of the duty, that takes up the letters?
According who is on duty.
Were Mr. Godby and Mr. Calthrop on duty?
Mr. Calthrop was.
What was Mr. Godby at that time?
He was assistant at the table.
There were several persons besides Mr. Godby employed?
Yes, three or four.
And before they came into the office in which this young man was?
Yes, it would go through seven different hands before it would come to the clerks of the Penny Post-office.
Therefore it might be in the power of any of those seven persons to do any thing with these letters if they had been so inclined?
No doubt of it.
You cannot say therefore of your own knowledge that this letter came into the Penny Post-office?
No.
Examined by Mr. Fielding. I am teller at the table E. I collect the\\ amountof the postage; then they are sent by the messenger, Mr. Bowns, to the clerks of the Penny Post.
Do you remember, on the morning of the 6th, the Maidstone bag arriving, and telling the letters?
I do not recollect telling the Maidstone letters in particular.
Do you know Mr. Chalfont?
Yes.
Do you recollect whether he was upon duty or not?
To the best of my recollection he was.
You cannot say of your own knowledge, that this letter ever reached the office in which the prisoner is?
No.
Examined by Mr. Fielding. I am a sorter in the Post-office.
What was it your duty to do on the morning of the 6th of June?
To divide the town letters into fourteen divisions.
Would the Maidstone bag come to you in the course of your employment?
I do not open the bag; I do not know; if the letters came to me I sent them with other letters.
Those divisions that belong to the reach of the Penny Post-office, where are they put?
The Penny Post is called one division, No. 14, and the letters are put to that number.
Did you employ yourself in that way on the morning of the 6th?
I did; they are taken from me to the teller, to be told.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I have seen him in the office.
Do you know whether he was employed in the office on the 6th of June?
I do not.
All letters would go, whether Maidstone, York, or Lincoln, they would all find their way to the Penny Post-office on that day?
Yes.
There are several sorters in the office with you?
Not at the table E.; only myself and Stephen Burgess .
Examined by Mr. Fielding. I was at the same table with Mr. Chalfont.
Did you go through your duty as usual on that day?
I did.
Do you sit in the same office with the prisoner?
I had nothing to do with that office.
Then your's is an office before the letters come to the prisoner's hands?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Fielding. It is my duty to carry letters to the Penny Post clerk; I carried the letters as usual on the 6th of June.
I understand there is a regularity observed with respect to the different divisions?
Yes.
But\\ not\\ withstanding that regularity does it not sometimes happen that mistakes take place, the letters get into the wrong division?
They might be put in the wrong place by mistake.
Therefore if a mistake took place, and it gets by mistake to a wrong division, would it not be given to a wrong deliverer?
It might.
Examined by Mr. Fielding. On the morning of the 6th of June I received the letters in my division; I told them, and locked them up in a box, which is carried to the Penny Post-office by a person of the name of Scriveas.
Those within the distribution of the Penny Post-office; you received no others?
No.
Now and then a mistake happens, that a letter which should get into the Penny Post-office division sometimes gets into a letter-carrier's division?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Fielding. I belong to the Penny Post-office.
Do you remember the box of letters on the 6th of June being carried to the Penny Post-office?
Yes; to the best of my remembrance I carried it myself, and the box was opened at the Penny Post-office.
Examined by Mr. Fielding. I am a principal officer in the Penny Post-office: I was in my employ on the 6th of June; the box was brought to me in the usual way; the letters are brought in a locked box from the Inland office into the Penny Post-office, and the box is unlocked by me; then they are stamped, and after they are stamped they are given back into my custody; I then tell the\\ amountof postage, and see that it corresponds with the amount sent from the Inland office; they are then delivered over to the sorting-table, and are there divided into their respective divisions.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes, he was one of the sorters in the letter-carriers' office.
How was he employed that morning?
As charge-taker for the Eastern division, second class, and letter-carrier to the Limehouse walk; after the letters are sorted in the sorting-office to the five town districts, the bell is rung, and the five charge-takers are called to receive their charges; the prisoner was one of the charge-takers, who subsort the letters into different walks belonging to the Eastern division; that division consists of White chapel, Goodman's-fields, Wapping, and Lime-house.
Then the letters of the Whitechapel division would come through his hands?
Yes.
Mile-End belongs to Whitechapel division?
Yes.
You say he is also a letter-carrier?
Yes.
In what district?
The Limehouse.
Not the Mile-End division?
No.
What was the name of the person who was letter-carrier in the Mile-End division?
Wynne.
Your's is an office different from where this man was employed?
Yes.
A great many clerks are employed, I take it for granted?
Not a great many.
Have you any doubt, that where the prisoner does his business a number of people come in who are not belonging to that office?
Yes.
Do you recollect a man of the name of Charles Hill?
Yes.
Was he ever in the employ of the Post-office?
He was.
I believe he was discharged upon some conduct not satisfactory to the gentlemen who had the management of that office?
He was.
He therefore might get access to that office?
He has been there since he has been discharged.
A person acquainted with the office would know better how to do any thing improper than a person not acquainted with the office?
Certainly.
Examined by Mr. Woodfall. I am a stamper in the Post-office; all letters that come to the General Post-office for the Penny Post division come through my hands.
Amongst those, do the Eastern letters come through your hands?
Yes.
Do you recollect any thing particular respecting the dispatching of those letters that morning?
I gave them to a person to be counted.
Do you recollect at what hour they were dispatched?
The letters were generally out of the office by half past nine, or a quarter before ten, for the Penny Post letter-carriers in London.
Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am a sub-sorter in the Penny Post-office.
What letters do you receive to sub-sort?
The General Post letters come from the Inland-office to our office to sub-sort into eight divisions, one of them is called the Eastern division, Mile-end is in that division; on the 6th of June, I was discharging my duty, all the letters delivered to me were sorted that day in the ordinary course.
Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am a letter-carrier of Penny Post letters in the Eastern division, my walk is in Goodman's-fields.
Who else was employed in the same division on the 6th of June?
Lloyd, Wynne, and the prisoner.
Are you all employed in sub-sorting letters to your different walks; or is it done by one of you?
Only one of us; it was done that morning by the prisoner.
Did you receive from him the letters that you were to deliver in your walk?
Yes.
How many clerks are there that superintend these fourteen divisions?
There are four to each division, but there is only one sorter to each division.
Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am a letter-carrier of Penny Post letters that come by the General Post; I am employed in the East division, the Wapping walk: I was on duty on the 6th of June; I received the letters for my walk from the prisoner that morning.
I believe you all of you in your turns are frequently obliged to give change for the payment of your letters?
It does sometimes happen.
Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am letter-carrier in the Whitechapel walk, and Mile-end, in the Eastern division: On the 6th of June I was upon duty; I received the letters for my walk from the prisoner.
Did you, among those, receive a letter to be delivered to Mr. Archibald Thomson ?
Not to my knowledge.
Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am the brother of David Thomson; I live at Mile-end.
Did you receive a letter from your brother on the 6th of June?
I did not.
Did you at any time receive a letter from your brother, covering a draft of two hundred pounds?
No; at no time.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar, Pooley?
Yes.
Were you in any employ belonging to the Post-office on the 6th of June last?
No.
Do you remember whether, on the 6th of June, you saw Pooley, the prisoner at the bar?
Yes, at the Dolphin public-house, St. George's in the East; we came out of the house together, and he intimated to me that he had something of value; I asked him what it was, and he produced a check.
Did he produce any thing else?
Not at that time.
Do you recollect in what name that check was drawn?
Thomson.
Do you recollect the Christian name?
No, I cannot.
Do you recollect the name of the person to whom it was payable?
Two hundred pounds.
Drawn upon whom?
The Stratford-place Bank.
Did he shew you any thing else?
He shewed me a letter, and I afterwards saw him tear a letter to pieces; but I cannot say that it was the same letter.
To whom was that letter directed?
Mr. Thomson, Mile-end.
What was the purpose of the contents of that letter?
Signifying that a two hundred pound check was inclosed.
Do you recollect how the letter began?
As from brother to brother; it mentioned, dear brother, I enclose you a check of two hundred pounds.
Do you recollect from what place it was dated?
I do not.
Do you recollect what name was signed to it?
Thomson; he employed me to go and receive the money for him.
What were you at that time?
In the Excise.
At what hour of the morning was it?
Between ten and eleven.
Where were you going?
To the Chamber of Excise that I belong to at Mile-end.
What is the name of the Surveyor there?
Hindes.
Was any thing said between you and the prisoner as to the time it would take you from your duty?
My duty was at Hackney, and I desired. Pooley to go to Hindes, and tell him I could not come, as I had business of importance.
Did you receive it that morning?
No; I found it was dated the 7th, and conceiving it to be the 7th of June, I went to Hackney to Mr. Wright's, a wine-merchant, where I found Pooley in company with Mr. Hindes; I informed him it was not due till the 7th, and we both looked at it, and found it was not due till the 7th, but neither of us observed that it was the 7th of May; I went with it; I received a 100l. Bank-note, a 40l. Banknote, a 50l. Bank-note, and 10l. in cash; I immediately went to the Bank with them to change them.
Were you desired to write any thing upon the back of those notes that you wanted to get changed?
Yes; I wrote the name of Walsh, Kensington-Grove.
Did you at that time live at Kensington-Grove?
No.
What did you receive in change at the Bank?
Four 25l. notes, and I think forty-five 2l. notes; I met the prisoner again the same evening, at the Black Horse in Fieldgate-street, by appointment; Mr. Hindes was there, and Mr. Thorn; I informed the prisoner that I had changed the notes, and I gave him four or five guineas; he wanted me to give him the notes, but at that time I would not; this was Saturday evening; on Sunday morning I called at his lodgings in White-horse-street, at the house of a person of the name of Lawrence; the prisoner was in bed; he got up, and we went out; I then gave him ten 2l. notes, which I had received at the Bank; I met him again by appointment on Monday evening I think, at the Bell in Thames-street; he informed me that he had changed those notes; I saw him the next morning again at his own place, and then I gave him ten more of the 2l. notes that I had received at the Bank; that was Tuesday the 10th.
Do you recollect being with him at the Fox?
Yes; he then informed me he had got rid of all those; I then gave him the remainder of ninety pounds, chiefly in one and two-pound notes.
Did you at any time after that go to the Poultry Compter to see him?
I did; but I was not allowed to see him.
You said you had passed away some of those notes; do you know a woman of the name of Bridget Sturgess or Bridget Sleath ?
Her name is Bridget Sturgess.
Did you deliver to her any of these notes?
Yes; I delivered her first, I think, two of the two-pound notes; I afterwards delivered her a five-pound note to take a watch out of pledge, somewhere by Snow-hill, Mr. Cotterell's, I think.
Who had pledged the watch?
I think I had, but I cannot say.
Did you at any time pledge any spoons?
No; I took several out of pledge.
Do you know a pawnbroker of the name of Cordy?
I do not recollect the name.
Do you know a pawnboker on Snow-hill?
I cannot recollect the name, but I think that was where the watch was pledge; I redeemed it with a five-pound note.
Do you know a person of the name of Ellitt, a linen-draper in Fore-street?
No.
Did you and Sleath go to any linen-daper's, at any time, for any purpose?
Yes; but I cannot recollect the day, to purchase a piece for a gown; that was paid for by one of the five-pound notes.
I have not seen you blush yet; have you been in one or more places of public trust?
I do not understand you.
Have you not been in the Excise-office?
Yes.
That is a place of public trust, is it not?
Yes.
Have you ever been in the Post-office?
Yes.
That is another place of public trust?
Yes; I did not understand you rightly at first.
You converted one half of this money to your own use?
No; Pooley owed me ten pounds.
You seem a distressed man at this time?
No.
You pawned your spoons, did not you?
I might want a little money at that time.
Have you not pawned your watch?
Many times.
Was it your own watch?
Yes.
Upon your oath was it your's?
Yes.
Upon your oath was it not your dear friend Mrs. Sturgess's?
No, I have had it eight years in my possession.
She has gone by the name of Sleath?
That was her maiden name; she has been deserted by her husband.
Can you tell us any other name that she has gone by?
Her name has been Robinson.
That was not her husband who deserted her?
No.
What other name?
She might have gone by many, for any thing I know.
Upon your oath has she not?
Yes, she has.
You thought this transaction of the draft a very honest transaction?
I certainly could not think it honest.
Then of course you told of it; you informed those that were injured immediately?
No, I did not.
You have been in the Post-office?
I have.
Were you turned out?
No, I turned myself out.
That is exactly as other great men do, they resign because they cannot keep their situations any longer; remember you are upon your oath, do you mean to say you were not turned out upon suspicion of having been concerned in taking a one hundred pound note?
No.
Nor had any such thing hinted to you?
Yes, I had; and I resigned immediately.
So you were the man that changed this draft at the banker's?
Yes.
Was it before or after you had been at the Post-office that you happened to serve a Mr. Dowse?
Before.
Did you turn yourself out from his service?
I was brought here as a felon at that bar, on his account.
Did you turn yourself out of the Excise?
It is evident now that I did, because I cannot recover it; but I would not accept it now, if they were to offer it.
Upon your oath were you not advertised with a reward for apprehending you?
I was so; the first that I saw of it was at Teignmouth.
Did your good friend Sleath, alias Robinson, alias Sturgess, go with you?
Yes; she had embarked on board a Newcastle sailer before we had seen the advertisement.
Did she not know of your both being advertised?
Not at the time that we embarked from London.
Who took you?
The post-master, at Shields.
You have been, perhaps, in confinement ever since?
I have.
Your business did not call you at Hackney till eleven o'clock - now I ask you, whether long before eleven o'clock, the letters are not sorted at the Post-office?
At this time of the year in general they are.
Therefore, it was in your power, were you so disposed to go there?
I might go in as well as any body else.
You might go in and see the letters?
I might go in, but I could not get near them; the gentlemen would not suffer me to stop there.
But a great deal of effectual business may be done, before a man can get out of a room?
I was not there.
How often have you been there?
Twice.
How many times have you been turned out?
Never.
You said the gentlemen would not let you stop?
When they demanded me to go, I went.
Did you go for any purpose but for looking after what you could get?
I might have called there once, but not more.
You know, that for the taking this draft, you were liable to be prosecuted?
I am very well convinced of it.
You are equally well convinced of another thing, that by attributing the crime to this man, you save yourself?
So Mr. Parkin informed me.
Have you therefore any doubt of it?
Mr. Parkin told me, if I spoke the truth, I should be admitted an evidence, and that was on account of an innocent woman who knew nothing of it, or else I would not have come forward.
Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am a Surveyor in the excise of wine and brandy; the last witness was my officer for five or six months.
Was he your officer on the 6th of June last?
Yes.
What book is that you have in your hand?
A journal of daily transactions: On the 6th of June, I went to Mr. Wright's, wine and brandy-merchant, at Hackney, to survey by myself; I saw the prisoner on that day, in Church-Street, Hackney; I went by myself, on account of Mr. Hill's begging leave till after twelve o'clock on that day; I said I would grant it; the prisoner came with him to me, at Mr. Wright's, within five or six minutes after I got there; I said to Mr. Hill, why, Pooley has been to me to ask leave of absence till past twelve o'clock; he said something to this effect, I have got my business done sooner than I expected, and I must do the rest to-morrow; then Hill retired from me, and went and spoke to Pooley in the yard; I had very soon done taking the brandy stock; I then saw them in the yard in conversation; I proceeded to the wine-cellar, they followed me, and drank a glass or two of wine, and after that, Pooley hid Hill and me a good morning; I saw the prisoner again the next day, at the Black-horse in Fieldgate-Street; Hill went with me from my office to there; Thomas Thorn was with me, he was one of my said officers, the same as Hill was.
Did you all go away together?
We parted with each other at the said house.
On Saturday morning, was Hill at his business?
He came between the hours of seven and eight in the morning.
Are the entries made by Hill himself?
Yes.
It certainly does not prove that he was on his duty.
Which would you pay most credit to, what he tells you, or what he writes?
What he writes.
Examined by Mr. Miers. I am clerk in the London and Middlesex Bank, in Stratford-place, (produces the check;) it was presented to me for payment, on the 7th of June, I do not know the person who presented it; I asked him if he received it in the name of Thomson, he said, yes; I paid him a 100l. Bank note, a 40l. note, a 50l. note, and 10l. in money, making in all, 200l. I have the book here, in which I made the original entry at the time, (refers to it;) reads a 100l. note, No. 1724, dated the 22d of May; a 50l. note, No. 1702, dated the 6th of May; a 40l. note, No. 8398, dated the 26th of May.
Look at that draft?
This is the draft I sent to my brother. (It is read;)
There is no stamp upon it.
It is not required in a draft, payable to bearer.
Examined by Mr. Miers. I am Bank-note pay clerk, in the Bank. (Produces his books, and refers to Saturday the 7th of June).
Do you perceive from that minute, that you exchanged a Bank-note for 100l.?
Yes; the 22d of May, 1800, No. 1724; I received a 50l. also, No. 1702, the 6th of May; and a 40l. No. 8398, dated the 26th of May; I gave in change, twenty 5l. Bank-notes, and forty-five 2l.; the 5l. notes were No. 1510, to No. 1529, inclusive, all dated the 24th of May; the 2l. notes began No. 2066, and ended at 2110, they are dated the 15th of May, (produces the Bank-notes received by the witness;) the person wrote the name and residence, P. Walsh, Kensington-grove, but whether it was wrote upon it before I exchanged them, or at the time, I cannot say.
It is common for persons to put down, not their own names, but the persons from whom they receive them?
Yes.
Look at these three notes?
They appear from the entry to be the same that I paid for the check.
You are clerk to a considerable Banking-house?
Yes.
Is it not a very frequent practice for bankers clerks, and other people to write upon the back of notes, the names of places, where they are taken?
Those clerks that receive notes out of doors always do.
It is common with merchants clerks?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Miers. I am shopman to Mrs. Nutterell; I have seen the prisoner at the bar several times.
Did you see him on the 9th of June?
Yes; he came to our house and purchased two yards of buff cord for breeches; he gave me a 2l. note for it, but I cannot recollect the number; I requested him to put his name and place of abode upon the back of the note; he wrote upon it, Johnson, Whitechapel; I afterwards gave the note to my mistress, and gave him the change.
Do you know what was his employ?
I always thought it was in the Post-office; he formerly lived nearly opposite our shop, at a confectioner's.
He was very well known at your shop?
I cannot say.
Was he not very well known to your mistress?
No.
Is it not the more general way for persons to write upon the note, the name of the person they receive it from, than their own?
Yes; but if it is a person I do not know, I desire them to put their name.
What was it you required the prisoner to write?
His name and place of abode.
Examined by Mr. Miers. The last witness was my shopman, he serves the goods and I take the money; if I am backwards he brings it to me, or if I am up stairs he brings it to me; I am not always in the same part of the house.
Do you recollect receiving from him a 2l. note on the 7th of June?
Yes, and I paid to Mr. Skerrick, in Milk-Street, Cheapside, 128l. 10s. on the 13th of June.
Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am pay clerk to the Bank of England, (produces a Bank-note of 2l. No. 2108.) it was brought into the Bank on the 13th of June, by a person of the name Bethery, of Milk-Street.
I live with Mr. Skerrick, of Milk-Street: On the 13th of June I made a payment to the Bank, but I cannot say whether this was one of them or not.
It was brought in with thirty-two more.
(To Ray.) Look at the words on the back of that note?
I do not recollect the 9th of June, but to the best of my knowledge those are the words that were upon it; I believe it to be same handwriting.
This is one that I delivered out in change.
I do not mean to swear that this is the exact identical note; I do not mean to swear point blank, because it came in with a large parcel, and that note might have got mixed with it; but I have hardly a doubt about it.
Examined by Mr. Abbott. I am clerk to Mr. Parkin, Solicitor for the Post-office: On the 11th of June, I went to Kensington, to inquire for a place called Kensington-grove, but I could find no such place; the prisoner was apprehended on the 18th of June, I saw him on that day; I asked him whether he had not purchased some buff-coloured cord of Mrs. Nutterell; he replied, yes; he admitted that he had paid a two-pound note; Mr. Parkin asked the prisoner how he came to write the name of Johnson, Whitechapel, instead of Pooley; he said he was not prepared for an answer; and about an hour afterwards, he said that he received it in Whitechapel, of a person of the name of Johnson; I afterwards found a pair of breeches at his lodgings, No. 7, White-horse-lane, St. George's in the East, the name of the person that keeps the house is Lawrence, (produces the breeches; the prisoner admitted that he had purchased the stuff of Mrs. Nutterell, in Hound ditch.
You are clerk to Mr. Parkin, the gentleman who conducts this prosecution for the Post-office?
Yes.
This man saw Mr. Parkin, who made some inquiries of him?
Yes.
He never denied having bought them of Mrs. Nutterell?
No.
Nor did he attempt to conceal that he had paid for them by means of a 2l. Bank-note?
No.
He did not tell you, at first, how that writing came upon it; but afterwards, did he not tell you he had given change for it to a person who was called Johnson, at a fish-stall, in Whitechapel?
He said something to that purport.
And that before he was examined before the Magistrate?
Yes.
You found that all that he said, with respect to Mrs. Nutterell, was true?
Yes.
Did Hill tell you the truth when he gave his name, Walsh, Kensington-grove?
No.
There were sixty-five pieces of Bank paper?
Yes.
Have you found any one of these pieces, besides the one that he told you how he came by, when you asked him?
Yes.
Do you know a person of the name of Charles Hill?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Yes; I had received many Bank-notes from Mr. Hill, but I cannot tell when; I received one or two five-pound notes; in the month of June he delivered me one, in order to redeem a watch that was in pledge in Shoe-lane; he gave me another to redeem a silver table-spoon, and half-a-dozen silver teaspoons, from a pawnbroker's on Snow-hill, they were in for a pound, or a guinea, I cannot say which, I think it was a pound; the watch was in for a guinea, I had put it in the day before, by Mr. Hill's desire.
Did you receive change in cash or notes?
Both.
Do you remember going with Hill to buy a gown?
Yes, in Fore-Street; I do not know the person's name.
Who paid for the gown?
Hill paid for the gown with a five-pound note; the price of the gown was a guinea, I think, or twenty-four shillings, I cannot say which.
Did you see the prisoner at any time in the month of June?
Not that I recollect.
Examined by Mr. Woodsall. I am a tailor, No. 7, Ely-place, Whitehorse-lane: On the 9th of June, the prisoner brought me some stuff to make a pair of breeches, it was buff-coloured.
Look at those breeches?
These are the same; I also made a coat and waistcoat for him; he paid me two one-pound notes, and one shilling for it.
Examined by Mr. Woodsall. I am a dealer in wines and spirits, No. 41, Aldgate High-Street: On the 16th of June, the prisoner ordered a dozen of wine of me, for which he paid me a two-pound note; I should not know the note again.
Examined by Mr. Woodsall. The prisoner lodged at my house: I saw the prisoner and Hill, they went out together on the 9th of June.
The evidence given by Hill is totally false; any thing further I leave to my Counsel.
