I am a watch-maker, I live at my brother's, the sign of the Dolphin, in Long-alley, Moorfields: On Sunday night, the 16th of November, about half past ten o'clock, two men, with the prisoner, pushed me up against the wall; the men held my hands while the woman took my watch by force; I had seen them in the public-house before, I was waiting for a young man, I had had three pints of beer; they were sitting in one part of the box, and I in another.
Were you sober?
Yes, I was.
Did they come out before you?
No, they followed me out.
Where is this public-house?
The Oxford-arms, in Whitecross-street .
How far from where you lived?
About half a mile; I never saw them in my life before.
Had you any conversation with them?
Yes, the men directed their discourse to me; one of the men held my arms behind me, the other shoved me up against the wall, and the woman put her arm round my neck, and took my watch from me; I took both the men the same evening, but they were acquitted at Worship-street, and while I was giving charge of them, the prisoner came in, as she said, to look for her husband; one of the men came to the watch-house after I had taken the other, and I then gave charge of him; then, after that, the woman came in, and said, she had been looking after her husband, that there were some of the lamps out, he is a lamp-lighter; the man that she called her husband, was the man that held me up against the side of the house.
It is a very extraordinary thing, that the two men should be acquitted at Worship-street; did you give the same account then, that you have now given?
Yes, just the same.
I am an officer of St. Luke's, Middlesex: On the 16th of November, about half past eleven o'clock, the prosecutor brought a man of the name of Owen Chantrill, to the watch-house, charging him with assisting this woman in stealing his watch.
Did not your foot slip as you were going out of the public-house?
Yes.
Did you come down?
Yes, upon one knee.
And then it was that they came out, and served you as you have stated?
No, I got up again before I was pinned against the wall.
A man of the name of Deering, that this woman lived with, followed Chantril, as a spectator, and afterwards the prisoner came in; I asked her what she had done with the watch, she declared positively, she knew nothing of it; Jane Druit said, that was the woman that took the watch, but she has absconded; I repeatedly asked him, if he was sure it was she who had taken his watch, and he said he was; she said, she wished she might never see her four children that she had got at home, if she knew any thing of it; I kept her till three o'clock in the morning; she then enquired of me, whether, if she could bring the watch forward, she should be hurt; I told her, I could say nothing to that; she said, would I go with her, if she took me to the place where she put the watch, or would I send the patrol with her, and the watch should be forth coming; I sent a watchman and a patrol with her, they were gone about twenty minutes; when they came back, the patrol produced this watch, saying, that the prisoner went up stairs, knocked at the door, and said, Suke, give me that watch, and the woman gave it her; the prisoner did not deny it.
I know this to be my watch.(Jane Druitt was called, but not appearing, her recognizance was ordered to be esreated.)
I am a patrol; I went with the prisoner to Susannah Hillsworth , in Pepper-alley, she knocked at the door and asked for a watch, which was delivered to her, it was wrapped up in a night cap; I brought the watch to the watch-house, and gave it to the officer.
I was in at the Oxford-arms, David English was there, and when the landlady would draw him no more beer, he had three or four half pints of gin with some other people; he was very much intoxicated; I picked up this watch in the passage; I did not know that he had a watch in his possession; he was drinking from nine till past eleven.
