Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I keep a chandler's shop , in Little Bell-alley ; I think it was on the 10th of this month, but I cannot be certain, the prisoner came to my shop; the second time she came was the 17th, it was on a Wednesday, both times; she first asked for some bacon, as much as came to five-pence, and then some butter, which came to two-pence halfpenny, making together seven-pence halfpenny; she gave me six-pence to pay for the bacon, and I gave her a penny out of it; she then gave me another six-pence to pay for the butter, I gave her change, and she left the shop; in less than five minutes, she came again, and said, I think I am like a child, I have forgot half my message, I want a small quantity of tea and sugar, she had half an ounce of six shilling green tea, and one pennyworth of moist sugar, and she gave me another six-pence, for which I gave her change; her paying me three sixpences, rather raised my suspicion, I looked at the sixpence, and said, before the woman's face, that I did not think it was a good one; my sister was in the shop, I gave it to her, she differed from me in opinion, and I took it; after she was gone, I went to the door and found it to be a very bad one, the the shop is very dark; I then took the other two to the door, and found them both had likewise; I then put them aside from the rest of my money, and I saw no more of her till the next Wednesday, about half past time nine in the morning, she asked for a threepenny loaf, and half an ounce of tea, which came to five-pence farthing; she then offered me another six-pence, which I took, and sent for Mr. Powell, the constable, and she was taken into custody; that sixpence was also a bad one.
You take a great many sixpences in the course of a day?
No, not many, it is a small shop.
Had you known the prisoner before?
No.
There were a great many bad shillings and sixpences found upon her, I suppose?
No, neither.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a constable; on the 17th of September, I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner, she behaved very well, she desired ever having been in the shop before, (produces the sixpences) I received them from Mrs. Palmer.
