- I am servant to Mr. Newman, keeper of Newgate: On the 26th of October, 1803, the prisoner at the bar, John Hollis , was tried and convicted for stealing a handkerchief, the property of Mark Bradley .
What became of him?
He received sentence of transportation for seven years.
Are you sure he is the man?
I am sure he is; I put him to the bar myself at the time he was tried, and took him back again; on the 13th of March, 1804, I ironed him with others to go to Woolwich; I went with him to Blackfriars-bridge, and delivered him on board the barge, in company with Mr. Kirby; I have a copy of his conviction.
Whom did you receive that from?
From Mr. Shelton, I saw him sign it.
I am an officer of Hatton-garden: On Sunday morning, the 23d of December, as I was going my round with my brother officers, I met John Hollis in Field-lane, in company with a young woman that her man was transported last Sessions.
He was in company with a loose woman?
Yes; I was certain I had seen him before; I asked him where he lived; he said he lived over the water; I asked him where he had been; he said he had been at his laundress's, she lived in Crown-court, Liquor-pond-street; I thought it looked singular, as he had a dirty shirt on, and no bundle; I went to enquire; he gave several references over the water, where he said he worked, but all false. On Monday, when he was examined, finding all that he had said was false, we sent him down for another examination, where he remained till Thursday; and on Thursday, not giving a good account of himself, he was sent on board the Tender, and between that and Saturday I found that he had returned from transportation; I applied to Mr. Leech for an order to fetch him from on board, and they gave him up.
I am commander of the hulk at Woolwich: On the 13th of March, the prisoner, John Hollis , was delivered to me, with several other persons; he remained on board the hulk till the 26th of April; I then received his Majesty's pardon for him and several others, on condition of their serving in the navy, and I delivered him to an officer on condition of that pardon.
You do not know how long he continued in the navy?
No.
My Lord, I had liberty to go on shore; I had drank rather too much liquor, and staid beyond my time; I was afraid to go on board again, for fear of punishment, and I came up to London for employ.
You knew that the condition of your pardon was, that you were to continue in the service till you were discharged; his Majesty was graciously pleased to grant you a pardon, on condition of your entering into the navy until duly discharged; you have entered into the navy; it becomes you to prove that you are duly discharged.
(To Mr. Read.) Where was this Roebuck?
Sent up to Woolwich, on purpose to receive them by the Admiralty.
