I am a salesman in Leadenhall-market . I only know the property is mine that was stolen.
I am watchman of the wholesale part of Leadenhall market for the butchers. On the 4th of May, about five in the afternoon, I walked round the market two or three times; I went into the common privy of the market; I saw the prisoner with two others in there; I did not like the appearance of them. they went out and whispered something, I could not understand. When I came out, one of the working men said there had been three men trying to lift a quarter of beef; I said more likely to steal it. I went into the Fleece public house; I there saw the carcase of mutton on a man's shoulder; I suspected it to be stolen, I enquired of Mr. Walmsley whether he had sold it, he said no. I ran after the prisoner; I saw him throw it off his shoulder, he said he was employed to carry it for Wragg, the man that took it out of the market; he was to have six-pence.
You saw it upon the man's shoulder, did you
Yes; and I saw Wragg run away; the prisoner threw it off his shoulder, and stood by it. He had not got a step further when I came up to him; when I came up, I said you have stolen this carcase of mutton, he said no, I was employed by Wragg to carry it for six-pence. I knew he was in company with the others before.
Was he one of them you saw in the privy
Yes, he was one, and Wragg was another. I knew the prisoner for two years, he had lived in the market.
He did not deny having it on his shoulder
No.
I am a servant to Mr. Walmsley. Edward Cox came to me, and asked me whether I had sold a carcase of mutton, I told him no; immediately I came out of the cellar. I told him there was a sheep gone. I saw it was gone from the place where it hung up; then I went in pursuit immediately. Going across the hide market, a tanner's man gave me information. I saw the prisoner with the carcase of mutton on his shoulder; I pursued him round the corner of Threadneedle-street; I asked him what he was going to do with the carcase of mutton, he told me he was to have six-pence for carrying it; I took him to the Compter. It was Mr. Walmsley's carcase of mutton.
I worked at the London d ocks; as I was coming home from work, I went into the privy in Leadenhall-market, there I saw two men; I never spoke a word to them; and coming along Threadneedle-street, I saw the two men, they asked me to carry the sheep to Long-alley, they would give me sixpence. I was pursued, and taken; they ran away.
