I am a pawnbroker , in partnership with my brother William, No. 10, Rose-street .
Do you both occupy the house?
Yes.
And both live in it?
Yes.
Have you any other partner?
No; I sleep in the one-pair of stairs: On the 10th of October, about one in the morning, my wife waked me, saying, there was a noise up stairs; I jumped up in the bed, and listened, I heard some person walking without shoes over my heard; I heard a watchman's rattle spring in the street at the same time; I immediately jumped out of bed, and went to the window of the front room; I then opened the window, looked out, and asked what was the matter; the watchman said, there is a ladder; I looked down, and saw a ladder like a lamplighter's ladder, upon the leads of the shop window; the ladder reached to the two-pair of stairs window; my wife said, they were making their escape backwards; I learned that somebody had jumped out of the two-pair of stairs window backwards; I then took down one of the pistols from the mantle piece.
Was it loaded?
Yes; I lifted up the fash of my bed-room window, which he had passed by; I put out a pistol with intent to fire, but did not see any body, the pistol missed fire; I then shut down the window again, and took down the other pistol; I then went to the window of the front room, got out upon the leads, and took down the ladder; I put it down to the watchmen, and desired some of them to come up that ladder; two came up into the front dining-room on the same floor that I sleep on; I told them to follow me up stairs; they followed me up into the warehouse.
Was the room where you heard somebody walking, the warehouse?
Yes, both back and front; we then went up into the garnet, but we could not find any body; we then went down stairs, and I let in another watchman, and opened the yard door, and told them I was sure we should find one there; I then saw the prisoner at the bar lying on the ground; I presented a pistol at him, and told him, if he did not tell me where the rest were, I would blow his brans out; the pistol being full cocked, went off by accident.
You did not mean to shoot him, when you had him in your power?
No; it was quite by accident; the flags entered the wall, about three inches above his head; the powder searched\\ his\\ forehead a little, and he put his hand to his face, he cried out, O Lord, O'Lord; I was afraid I had shot him, but when the smoke went on one side, I saw I had not; he desired the watchman to take him to the watch-house; he complained that his arm was broke.
That appeared to be so, did it?
No, his shoulder was wrenched; he had jumped from the two-pair of stairs window, which is between 20 and 30 feet from the ground, and he had fell upon the gutter at my bed-room window, and forced the holdfast out; his arm was not broke, but he was very much hurt.
Was the ladder long enough to get upon the leads?
Yes; and then from the position of the ladder, he must have assisted himself by the ball irons; the prisoner told me he had brought the ladder from Lord John Cavendish's, near Vigo-lane; there were two ladders locked together, and he had picked the lock, and brought it away.
Are you sure that your front two-pair of stairs window was shut down?
It was shut down within six or eight inches; it is left open, because the moth is apt to breed quick; but if there is air, they don't breed so quick.
When had you last seen it?
I was in the warehouse\\ send\\ ing some goods down the well after eleven o'clock that night.
And you are positive that at that time it was down within six or eight inches?
I am.
Did you miss any property?
I found eleven gowns removed from the rack in the\\ two\\ pair of stairs room.
Are you sure these gowns had been upon the rack the night before?
Yes.
Where were they lying?
There was one gown open on the floor, and the other ten were upon it, ready to tie up.
How far from where you had left them?
About a yard and a half; they were the bottom her in the rack, it was quite full, and they were all pulled out.
You could not have pulled out that parcel yourself the night before, without having known it?
No; one of the gowns was opened, the ticket taken off, and the other ten laid upon it.
What is become of those things?
The officer has got them.
I don't with to give the Court any further trouble, I am guilty of the fact.
You are a watchman?
Yes.
Were you the first that perceived any thing?
Yes; on Sunday morning, between one and two o'clock, I was going round my beat, and saw the ladder upon the shop window of Mr. Morris; it went up to the window of the second floor, which was open; I thought there might be somebody in the house, and I sprung my rattle, upon which the landlord opened the window of the first floor, and asked what was the matter; I stood at the door, two other watchmen went up into the house by the ladder.
Were you afterwards let in?
Yes; we found the prisoner in the yard.
And you assisted in securing him?
Yes.
You are a watchman?
Yes; I heard the springing of a rattle and went to Mr. Morris's house.
Did you go into the house up the ladder?
Yes, and another watchman followed me up; we searched about the house but could not find any body, then we went into the back yard, and found the prisoner lying upon his back, I assisted in taking him to the watch-house; I began to lay hold of him as he laid upon his back, and he said, for God's sake don't pull me for my arm is broke, and he begged to have a doctor when he got to the watch-house.
I am one of the patrols belonging to Bow-street; I received this bundle the next morning from Mr. Morris; I went up into the warehouse and found these gowns lying spread upon the floor in another gown.
You have had them in your custody ever since?
Yes.
Did the things remain in the same situation from the time you first found them till Williams took them?
Yes, he took them as they laid on the ground.
Look at them?
I know them all by the tickets, some are my writing and some my brother's.
Are they all pledged goods?
Yes.
They are not very valuable?
The prisoner admitted that he went round the warehouse and picked out the best; there is eight or nine shillings a-piece lent on them.
I have nothing to say.
