I lived with Mr. Wood as servant, he is a messenger of the income tax office . The defendant came to me one morning to ask me whether I had any thing to sell; she had nothing that morning; but the next time she came I sold her one blanket.
Whose blanket was it
Mr. Wood's. In about a fortnight after I sold her another, and in about a week I sold her another, that was three; that was all that was sold to her; and the next week she came on the Monday morning, she desired me to get something else for her, and she would bring me some coffee. That was on the morning she was taken.
What did you receive for these blankets
Two shillings a piece.
Does she go about crying old clothes
Yes.
How long have you lived in Mr. Wood's service
Not quite two months.
A person came and asked you whether you had any thing to dispose of
Yes; she came to me as I was cleaning the door.
You gave her one of the blankets, you were very reluctant at first
Yes.
How long was it working on your conscience
A fortnight.
You robbed your master
Yes.
You robbed your master a second time and the third time - had not you taken any thing else
No, nothing else.
Is it not to save yourself that you accuse this woman
I do not accuse her against her will. It was her that persuaded me to do it.
When did you first tell of this
My mistress missed the blanket; she asked me, and I told her.
Did not you expect to be tried when she found it out
Certainly I did.
Do not you expect to be saved because you have given evidence against this woman - answer my question
Yes.
You were in custody, were not you
Yes.
I am a messenger in the income tax office. On Monday morning the defendant came at half past seven in the morning, she passed me as I was in the street; she looked up at the house and down the area to see that all was right, she then pulled the bell and was let in. I went for an officer.
On the 22nd of September I missed a blanket; I accused Ann Goodland; she strongly denied it; afterwards, in about two or three hours, she acknowledged it; she told me she had sold them to a Jew woman; she said the woman was to come on the Monday following.
Did she come on the Monday following
Yes, and that is Lydia Simons , that Jew woman. Mr. Wood expecting of her, went and brought in an officer. When she came in the house I asked her if she bought blankets; she said no, she only bought hare and rabbit skins; my servant told her that she bought them, to her face; she had a white paper in her hand; the girl said she offered her some coffee. The woman was taken to the compter.
Your servant told her that she had bought blankets of her, what did she say to that
She did not deny it.
Did you ask her what business she had there that morning
I did; she wanted to know if we had any thing to sell. My nephew had opened the door to her a week before; she then begged pardon, and said she had come to the wrong house. It was on Monday the 26th when she was taken up.
I am nephew to Mr. Wood. I am apprentice to the ship King George in West India trade. About a week before the blankets were missing I saw the woman come into the house, she seemed to be quite struck at seeing me, she begged my pardon, and said she had come to a wrong house; I went down stairs and told the girl of it; I went to the Compter. When the girl and woman was taken up I saw the coffee drop going along Lombard street to the Poultry compter.
Are you sure that is the same woman
Yes.
I am an officer. Mr. Wood sent me on the 26th to take this woman in charge; Mrs. Wood said she was offering the servant some coffee. Jewson, an officer of the parish, was there; we searched her, so far as decency would allow; we could not find any coffee upon her. Going along Lombard street she came to a puddle; she dropped the coffee and pressed it in the puddle. I instantly put my hand in and took out the coffee.
You did not find the blankets
No.
to prosecutrix. What might one of the blankets be worth
Seven shillings a piece.
