- I keep an eating-house , in Brick-lane, Spitalfields ; on the 11th of January, between four and five in the afternoon, I lost my watch; I saw it hanging over the fireplace in a little room even with the shop, just before the prisoner came in and called for something to eat; I was in a back kitchen even with the shop; I had a prospect all over the shop; I did not see him come in, but I saw no other person but him in the room from the last time, I saw it till I missed it; he sat down and eat his dinner; I neither saw him come in nor go out; I saw him in the room.
My father keeps a public-house, the Black Swan, Brown's-lane, Spital-fields; the prisoner lodged there; on the 13th of January, I found a silver watch upon the landing place of the stairs, between the wainscoat and the partition; I was sweeping, and found it in a handkerchief; the partition is not fixed; it makes one large room into two; the partition was standing on the landing-place; I don't know who put it there (produces it) the prisoner came to lodge with us the latter end of November; he is a carpenter.
Are there any lodgers?
Yes, four; one is a weaver.
Do you know whose handkerchief that is?
No.
When was the prisoner taken up?
On the 11th, and I found it on the 13th; I produced it before the Magistrate, and he denied knowing any thing of it. - (The watch was identified by the prosecutor.)
On the 11th of January, between four and five o'clock, I was sitting in the parlour; the prisoner came in, and asked for some leg of beef soup; I went into the wash-house to get a saucepan to make it hot; upon my return I saw him coming out of the parlour rubbing his hands; I asked him to warm himself at the fire; be declined it, saying he was always colder for it, and immediately sat down in a box; he went away, and no person came in till my husband missed the watch, which was in a few minutes; after he was gone, I had often seen the prisoner before, he wanted to come and lodge with us, and he then told us where he lodged, and my husband had him taken up.
I never saw the watch.
