I am coachman to Mrs. Bachelor, at Fulham : On the 23d of April, in the evening, my stable was broke open; I had locked it up myself; I went to the stable at six o'clock the next morning, and found the door unlocked, and the stable stripped of every thing, but the horses; there was a jacket and a pair of breeches missing, which were part of the livery furnished by Mrs. Bachelor; I saw the property again, on the Thursday following, in Monmouth-street.
I live at No. 2, Monmouth-street: On the 24th of April, the prisoner came to my shop, about ten o'clock in the morning, and purchased a waistcoat; he then made an exchange with me, of a jacket and a pair of breeches; I concluded the bargain, by his giving me two shillings, and the jacket and breeches, for the waistcoat; I value the breeches at one shilling and sixpence, and the jacket at six shillings; the breeches are very old.
Had you no suspicion of the prisoner?
Not the least in the world.
What should a man bring a servant's jacket to sell for?
My character will bear enquiry.
I apprehended the prisoner; he said he had bought them of a person in the lane coming from Fulham.
You are the brother of the prisoner?
Yes; he lives at North-End, near Fulham; he buys and sells horses: On Saturday, the 24th of April, about half-past five in the morning, as high as I can guess, I got up, and my brother came to the door, and told me he was bid money for a horse yesterday, but did not choose to take it; he had since thought he would take it, and was going to Smithfield to see if he could find the person; I went with him; and, at Stamford-bridge, very near Walham-Green, a man came out of a lane with a bag upon his back, and asked me if I would buy a coat and waistcoat; my brother said he wanted a waistcoat; and then the man pulled this waistcoat and these breeches out; my brother gave him eight shillings for them; I attended at the Magistrate's after my brother was taken up, but I was not asked any questions about it; I am sure these are the same things.
Where do you live?
I am a butcher, and live at Walhamgreen, about a mile from my mother's house.
Are you sure it was the 24th of April?
Yes, I recollect it, because it was on a Saturday; and I was coming to Newport-market, upon my business, and my brother was taken up the Sunday-week following.
You have the man here, I take it for granted, from whom you bought these things?
No.
And why have not you?
Because I don't know him.
Your brother is a horse-dealer?
Yes.
No other trade?
No.
I believe he once lived as groom with Mrs. Bachelor?
No.
Has he been no servant with her at all?
I believe he has.
You attended the Magistrate to give evidence, but did not give yourself the trouble to tell your story?
I was asked no questions.
You chose rather that your brother should be committed to Newgate for trial, than give yourself the trouble of telling your story?
I did not wish him to go to Newgate; I told Mr. Jepson I had seen him buy them, and he said I should speak, but my brother was then taken away.
When was in your brother lived with Mrs. Bachelor?
I don't know.
In what capacity did he live with her?
As coachman; I cannot say whether it is two or three year ago.
When did he leave Mrs. Bachelor?
I cannot tell; I entirely forget.
You and your brother must have been upon good terms; when did he first become a horsedealer?
I knew him buy and sell horses eight or nine years ago, when he was in a gentleman's service.
Is he a married man?
Yes, he has been married, I believe, five or six years; he has got a boy three years old.
Can you tell whether he wore a livery or not?
To the best of my recollection he did not.
