Where do you live?
At Kingston, in partnership with Jeremiah Gatehouse.
Did you turn your mare out upon Norburton-common at any time?
Yes, I turned her out on the 13th, and missed her on Sunday the 16th.
How soon did you see her afterwards?
On the 4th of June, at Smithfield, in the possession of a person of the name of Hawkins.
On the 19th of May, I purchased a mare of the prisoner, for four pounds, which was afterwards claimed by Mr. Harding.
I keep the Redcross, at Maldon, about a mile from Norburtoncommon: On the 15th of May, I saw the prisoner at my house about seven or eight o'clock in the evening.
How do you know it was the 15th of May?
I remarked the almanack.
When were you called upon to look at the almanack?
Mr. Harding called upon me about a fortnight after.
The prisoner was taken up, was not he?
Yes.
That was about three weeks afterwards, and then you recollected it was the 15th of May?
Yes.
What day of the week was it?
Friday.
If I was to ask you who was there on the 14th, perhaps you could not tell me?
Not particular.
What led you to recollect so long afterwards, that it was the 15th of May?
I knew the man perfectly well.
That you might, if it had been the Thursday - why do you six upon the Friday particularly, did any thing remarkable happen at your house?
No.
Can you give us any reason why you know it to be the Friday?
I am certain he was there the 15th.
What leads you to know it was the 15th, did you make any minute of it?
No.
How can you satisfy the Jury why you state it to be the 15th, or do you mean to say more than this, that he was there about a fortnight before you were called upon?
I am sure it was the 15th.
Where did you purchase the horse?
At my own home, at North-End, Fulham.
I am an officer of his Majesty's Palace-Court; On Saturday the 5th of June, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I apprehended the prisoner; I was at the constable's house, the constable called me up, and I went to apprehend the prisoner in Old Brentford, at Mr. Calhs's, the back of the One-tun; I called him three times before he came down stairs, and then he came down in his shirt; I told him I wished to speak with him, about something particular, he said, he would put on his clothes, and be with me directly, but instead of coming down, he put on his clothes, and made his escape out at the back window; I followed him, he took down Catherinewheel-yard, and there we took him.
How did he behave when you took him?
He behaved very well.
What place did you take him in?
He jumped into twelve foot of water, and must have been drowned, if it had not been for a man who had a barge there.
I believe the ordinary business of a Palace-court Officer is to arrest a man for debt, and not to apprehend persons for felony?
Yes.
And he not liking to be apprehended by a Palace-court Officer, made his escape?
He did not know who I was.
When the prisoner was first of all taken, did you ask him how he came by the horse?
No, I did not.
What fort of a mare was this?
A bay mare, about fifteen hands high, aged, a blaze in her face, fired in her off hoof behind, and some white hairs in her tail.
What are you?
A servant.
Where do you live?
With Mr. Abbey, at Epsom.
Do you remember being on Wallingtoncommon, on the 16th of May last?
Yes.
Did you see the prisoner at the bar there?
I did.
Did you see any transaction take place there?
Yes; there was him and another man, I was going to Westerham, across the common, on horseback, and they asked me to stop to see some money paid for a mare, the prisoner was paying for it.
What sum of money was paid for it?
Four Bank-notes and ten shillings in silver, but I cannot tell what the notes were.
They desired you to stop and see the money paid, but did not tell you what it was for?
No; I understood it was four pounds ten shillings.
Have you seen the mare since?
No.
What was the height of the mare?
I think about fifteen hands high, as near as I can guess, with a blaze in her face, and white legs; when the prisoner was taken up, he sent for me.
You never saw the prisoner before this transaction?
Never in my life to the best of my knowledge.
When he was taken up, who sent for you?
One Gaime, a butcher, of Fulham.
How did he know you to find you out?
I have known him for twelve or fourteen years.
Did you tell the prisoner your name?
No.
Or where you lived?
No.
And not having told him your name, or where you lived, he found out where to send for you when he was taken up?
Yes.
Do you live with this gentleman, Mr. Abbey, now?
No.
You said, just now, when you were asked, that you lived with Mr. Abbey?
No, I live with Mr. Bradley, a horse-dealer, in Mount-street.
How came you to recollect the day of the month so particularly?
I don't exactly recollect the day of the month, the gentleman mentioned the 16th, I know it was about the middle of May.
You do not know whether it was the 16th or not?
No; it was thereabout.
How far were you from these parties?
About four yards; I was on horseback.
How long did this transaction take?
It was all done in about a minute or two.
Being then in so much hurry, how do you know they were Bank-notes?
They looked like Bank-notes.
Upon your oath, have not you seen a handbill like that, (shewing him a bill giving a description of the mare)? - A . No, never in my life before.
And yet you lived in that neighbourhood?
Yes.
And you will swear you never saw that bill?
I never did.
What was the description of her?
She was a bay, with a white face, and two white legs behind.
Was there any thing remarkable in her tail?
No, I took no other notice than that.
You were going accidentally over the common?
Yes.
How soon after did you see Gaime?
I never saw Gaime again till the man was a prisoner, and that was in Smithfield.
And when the man was a prisoner, how came you to see Gaime?
I met him by accident, and he asked me if I recollected any thing of such a transaction, and I said, yes; he told me a man was taken up, and I told him I saw the business transacted.
Why should Gaime tell you of a man being taken up for horse stealing?
The man was taken up in Smithfield market, I understood.
Why should Ga me tell you that?
I cannot tell why he should tell me that.
Is he here?
No.
Where does he live?
At Walham-green.
