I believe you are partner with Mr. Alexander Sinclair Stratton .
Yes, we are oilmen , we live at No. 34, Fish-street hill.
In the month of October last did the prisoner call upon you.
He did, he is an oil-broker; he stated that he understood that we had a pipe of olive oil to dispose of, and requested a sample, he had a sample, he made an observation when the sample was given him that it looked rather dingy, he asked the price, I made answer seventy pound per ton; a day or two afterwards he called again and requested a fresh sample, he said it looked dingy, and requested the man to put the searching iron in to ascertain what grease or dirt might be in the body of the oil: the man did it and brought it to Mr. Ayres' inspection; he went away and returned again in about three days, and requested to know if I would take sixty-five pound per ton for it, I said as I had only that one cask, I would dispose of it at that price; he said he had sold it to Mr. Payne, a spermaceti refiner, Berwick street, Soho, he said he had sold it for sixty-five pound, he then gave me a note in my presence (the note read in court); he then said he had two or three little packages to take to Mr. Payne, he must have a cart for them, and if it made no difference to me, he would thank me if I would let him take the olive oil with him, as it would save the cart hire, he requested to have the oil got up for him by eleven o'clock, it was got up for him, and he called a little after eleven o'clock and took the cask of olive oil with him, and said he would make the allowance for the dirt and grease in the oil shortly.
What was the quantity and value of the olive oil in that cask.
I think about ninety-three gallons, and it was worth about twenty-four or twenty-five pounds.
This was on the 25th of October he took the cask of olive oil with him.
Yes; in about three weeks afterwards I met him in Leadenhall-street, I told him we had not his return, he made answer we should shortly have it, he never called on us; in about a month or five weeks afterwards I met him again, I then asked him the reason that he had not brought the allowance for grease and dirt down to our accounting-house, he said it was owing to the severe cold weather, it was impossible to ascertain the allowance, but now being placed in a warm situation, he would shortly take it and bring it down to us.
Did he give you any idea that the oil had not gone to Mr. Payne.
None at all; after that one morning I called at his dwelling house George-yard, Lombard-street; he then said he would bring the allowance down for the cask, he never came near us, I called again, he then stated that he had lost the paper that had the allowance on it; I then sent to Mr. Payne: I saw Mr. Ayres after that, I told him that Mr. Payne knew nothing of the transaction, he had never ordered him to buy the oil of us, he answered me he would call down and settle it, I saw him again, he promised to call; at last I told him I should take out a warrant against him.
When did you apply to Mr. Ayres to pay the money.
I never applied to him about the business of the money.
Who was you to receive the money from.
From Mr. Payne, we looked to Mr. Payne for the money, it was sold to him.
From the time you sold it, how long elapsed before you made application to Mr. Payne.
Near four months.
And he not being able to pay did not give you such security as you approved of.
Ayes offered security, but I told him I did not approve of it.
He offered security and you refused it. - A. Yes.
Did you receive a pipe of oil from Messrs. Stratton and Hemmit on the 25th of October last.
I did not, I permitted him to make use of my name, but it never came.
