My husband is a watchman ; I live in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn : On Saturday, the 5th of January, the prisoner at the bar came to our house a little after nine o'clock, I let her in; she said she was an acquaintance of my husband's, and she wanted to speak to him, or his wife; I said, I am his wife; I mentioned a person to her that I knew, and asked her if she was that person; she said she was that person, and was a milk-woman that served me with milk, but her name I do not know; she said she came to beg a favour of me, and she should be very much obliged to me if I would do it; I asked her what it was; she said it was to go to the public-house that served me with beer, (I had no particular house that served me with beer,) and to tell a man that was there in a velvet jacket and a red waistcoat, that she wanted to speak to him, and to be so kind as to make haste. Innocently I went out, and when I went into the public-house there was no such a person there; I was not four minutes gone, and when I returned the prisoner was gone, and had left the passage-door open; I missed the cloak directly, because it was hung just by the door.
Last Saturday night I went out on duty in the King's road, at nine o'clock, and about ten o'clock my wife came to me, and informed me of the circumstance; I asked my wife, if I met with this person, whether she could swear to her; she said, yes, she could; I took her before two o'clock in the morning, as she was going up Gray's Inn-lane; I took her to my wife to see whether she could say she was the person, or no, and when my wife saw her, she said, that is the person that robbed me; I said to the prisoner, return me the property, and I will have no more to do with you; then she denied that she took the property, and as I was taking her to the watch-house, she acknowledged that she took the property, and had pawned it, and she had the ticket in her pocket; she gave me the ticket and the money, but my wife would not take it; when I came to look at it, there was only three shillings and sixpence.
I am a pawnbroker; I know the prisoner by coming to our shop several times; I know the cloak, I took it in myself of her; she was the person, I can swear to her. (The cloak produced and identified by the prosecutrix.)
Please you, my Lord, I was very intimate with these people; I went on Saturday night to this woman's house, and told her I was deficient of a little money, and I was going to meet a person; if she would lend me a trifle, I would bring it her to-morrow; she said she could not lend me any money, but she would give me something to make it on, but she did not wish her husband to know it, which she did accordingly; I went to this pawnbroker's, where I have dealt a number of years; if I had stole the cloak I would not have gone where I had been known so many years; I bought a small article out of the money I had pledged the cloak for; I gave the man the rest of the money, and the ticket; they accepted of the money, and the ticket, and when I was at the watch-house, they returned the money again; since I have been in the milk business, because she could not drink tea to do her good, as she had an asthma on her lungs, I have sent her bottles of neat milk from the cow to do her good.
Please-you, my Lord, I never took an oath before a Judge or Jury in my life till now, and I will take my oath I never saw the woman before in my life.
Can you speak God's truth, Macdonald - do not you know me?
No more than any other woman in the neighbourhood; I know you by seeing you in the street, that is all I know of you.
You have seen her?
Yes.
Is she a milk-woman?
I do not know.
My cousin is a milk-woman.
How came you to know this woman had robbed your wife, when you met her by accident in Gray's Inn-lane?
When I came home to my wife, I said, can you describe the woman to me; yes, said she, she is a very big woman, with a full breast, and she wears a bonnet like a scuttle; with that I went out, and found her a little before two o'clock.
Please you, my Lord, this is the ribbon that she bought for my cousin, being so kind in\\ send\\ ing the new milk to her; I am telling you the truth, if you please to hang me up this minute.
