I live servant with Mr. Howell: on the 16th of February, about two o'clock in the morning, it was moon-light, I was looking through the window, and saw the prisoner go from the corner of the cart-house down the ground with the wheelbarrow.
How was she dressed?
In men's clothes; coat, waistcoat, and breeches; I went to the carter, and asked him if he had seen any body; he said, no; then he and I ran round the ground, and I saw the prisoner wheeling it among the gooseberry-bushes, at the farther end of the ground, towards the gate that leads to Fulham; she sat down on the barrow; I followed her, and brought her to my master, and informed him of it.
His master has done it out of spite; I never came in with an intention of taking his master's barrow; his master knew me when I was in as good circumstances as himself; I do not say I did not sit down on the barrow.
She was brought to me, drest in men's apparel; I know nothing of the circumstance.
Do you know any thing of the woman?
I knew her in good circumstances about ten years ago; since that I can say nothing more than that she was a servant before she married a respectable man of fortune; her husband and she parted about ten years ago; they put her into business.
Was the barrow taken from off your premises?
It was not taken from off my premises.
I had no intention to take the barrow off the premises; it was of no use to me; I was out in the evening with some friends, before I came to Fulham; I stopped later than I should, I was tired, and went to sit down in the barrow in Mr. Howell's ground; I went to pitch it farther, as the people were coming in to get ready to go to market, and finding it cold there, I pushed it farther into the ground, and where there was no place to take it out; if I had meant to take the barrow, should not I have brought it out the same way as I went in, there being no other way; my husband's friends and the gardeners can make laws among themselves; if they like a person, they will give him any thing, but my husband's friends wish to send me out of the land, and the reason why I appeared in men's apparel (as has been stated by my husband's friends) is, that I being able to execute the work of a gardener , and being dressed as a man, I had the same wages as a man had; I had no intention of stealing it; the prosecutor knew me in better circumstances; it is all spite and malice.
