I keep a coal-shed and potato-warehouse , in York-street, Westminster ; I was not at home at the time the things were taken.
I am the wife of Henry Willes ; on Saturday the 30th of January, I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment; I was busy, and the washer-woman brought home my things, and put them behind me, upon a potatobin; I saw the bundle after the washer-woman was gone; the prisoner was waiting for some coals, and wanted to pay for them before they were delivered; the insisted upon paying for them directly, and I went round the counter to take the money; she would not give me money enough for the coals, and then she went away; after she was gone, I went round the counter, and missed the bundle; the things have never been found.
How old are you?
Eleven.
Were you ever at school?
Yes, my Lord, I have been taught at school.
Have you ever been told, if you tell a lie, or a story, how you will be punished - were you ever taught your catechism?
Yes, my Lord.
How are naughty girls punished that tell lies, or tell stories - have you never been taught that?
No, my Lord.
Have not you been told that you will be whipped if you tell stories?
Yes, my Lord.
Have you never been told in what way you will be punished if you tell lies?
Yes, my Lord, I shall go to a wicked place, (sworn;) I saw the prisoner come in on the Saturday night, between nine and ten o'clock, she was standing behind the counter; I saw her take the bundle from the potato-bin.
Did you attempt to stop her?
No, I did not know but it was her own bundle; when my mother asked me, I told her I saw a woman take a bundle up, and go out with it.
Did you see the prisoner before?
Yes; she came once before, when my mother was up stairs.
On Saturday, the 30th of January, I carried home these things to Mrs. Willes, about half-past nine o'clock, they were wrapped up in a coarse cloth, I put them down near where Mrs. Willes stood.
I am an officer belonging to Queen-square; I took charge of the prisoner at the watch-house; she was brought there by the prosecutor.
When I came home, my wife informed me what had happened; she shewed me the prisoner, nearly opposite my house, and I took her the same evening.
I went to order half a sack of coals, and desired them to be sent only across the way, where I was at work, and finding they did not come, I went over again, and then Mr. Willes laid hold of me, and challenged me with taking the bundle.
