I am a publican , I keep the Golden Lion, Dean street, Soho. On the 31st of May I lost two pots; I served the house with beer where the prisoner worked.
I am a watchman in Queenhithe ward. On Saturday the 31st of May, a little before twelve o'clock, Mrs. Wright gave me charge of the prisoner for using her ill with her tongue in indecent hours; when I took charge of the prisoner she had a basket in her left hand, containing two pint pots belonging to the Golden Lion, Dean street, Soho; when I took charge of her she struggled, I could not take care of her and the basket; she dropped the basket; Mrs. Wright brought it to the watchhouse.
If I struggled with you as you say, and I dropped the basket, would not you have picked up the basket and brought it, and not to let it be brought in ten minutes afterwards.
I speak as a man, it was not two minutes before it was brought into the watchhouse.
I live at No. 6, Labour in Vain court; I take in washing; the prisoner lodged with me; on the last day of May she came home at twelve o'clock at night, and abused me at the door; when I asked her how she could come home so late, she said she had done for my husband, and she would do for me; the watchman came up and heard her abuse me, and I gave charge of her.
Had she any thing with her.
She had a basket in her hand when I gave charge of her, I knew it was her basket, I looked upon it to be her work basket, she used to come home with it every day.
I had not the basket, I never saw the basket in my life.
I am constable of Queenhithe ward. On the 31st of May, about the hour of twelve o'clock, this woman was brought into the watchhouse; I produce the basket and the two pots that were in it; I produce an iron pot found in the fire place in the prisoner's room, with solder at the bottom, by which we believe her to be in the habit of melting pots down.
(to Wright) Is that the basket she had in her hand.
Yes; the iron pot is mine; the prisoner rented a ready furnished room of me, I cleaned that pot out when she came into my room.
Had it the appearance of metal at the bottom of it.
No.
It has the appearance of metal in it now.
It has.
All that I can say, I am a hard working woman; I have known Mrs. Wright twenty-four years, we were always good friends together, I know nothing at all about the basket and the pewter pots, nor the iron pot, I do not indeed; my husband is on board a man of war.
