I am a watchman of Hackney ; as I called the hour of two o'clock in the morning, I heard a strange noise, as if something was being ripped up, at the back of my walk at Stamford hill . I and another watchman made away to the noise, and there we saw a man rolling up some lead; he took it off the summer house of Mr. Heintz. I asked him what he was at there, he immediately ran away down the garden; I jumped over the hedge, expecting he would come over the wall, he turned up to the top of the garden, just where we had seen him at the summer house; my brother officer would not let him come out there, he turned back and scaled the wall, my partner saw him get over the wall, and he halloed out, he is over the wall, and as soon as ever he was over the wall, I saw him myself, he was running across the fields as fast as ever he could run; I ran after him about one hundred and eighty yards, and I catched him; as soon as I catched him, he desired I would not say any thing about it, he said he had got the value of five or six shillings in his pocket, he would give it me if I would not mention it. I told him I should get blame of the gentleman, it would not do for me; then he dropped this crow out of his hands; when I had got hold of him, my partner took the crow up; the saw was afterwards found in the garden where he was, and the knife was found about him.
Was it light or dark.
A very moon light night.
How many men were there.
I saw only one, I was as nigh to him as I am to you.
Who does the summer house belong to.
To Mr. Robert Howard .
Do you know Mr. Heintz's christian name.
No.
I am a watchman. I was calling the hour of two, I heard a noise, I made away to it, and there we see the prisoner at work, knocking up the lead, I spoke to him, I says halloo, what are you about there, the prisoner ran down the garden, I had got the rattle by my side, I sprang the rattle, he come up the garden again, and run along the garden two or three times from the hedge. I was of one side of the hedge and he of the other, after that he scaled the wall, I told the other watchman he was getting over; says he, I'll have him before he gets far. I found that he had taken him, I made to him as fast as I could, and after I got up to him, he dropped that iron crow out of his hand; he begged very hard for us to let him go, he offered what few shillings he had in his pocket, and likewise his watch, and asked the number where I lived, and he would call upon me; we took him to the cage, and after that we went on the premises, and found the lead, and the saw laid just by the lead. The constable found the knife on him.
Do you know Mr. Heintz's christian name.
No.
I am plumber to Mr. Heintz; the lead was fixed to the summer house at the north side of Mr. Heintz's garden. I compared the lead to the place, it answered exactly.
What is Mr. Heintz's christian name.
I do not know.
