Do you know Thomas Evans .
Yes, he keeps the Spread Eagle public house, St. Giles's ; the prisoner and and I went into this house to drink together; I being up all night coming to town, I dropped asleep, some girls that were in the house said they saw her pick my pocket of something.
Had you any thing in your pocket.
Yes, forty-six pounds; the landlady awaked me, and told me it was time to go, I asked them whether I could have a bed there, they said no.
What time of the night was this.
About eleven o'clock, I believe; I went over to the King's head, they lodged me there; when I awoke in the morning I felt for my watch and my purse of money, my money and watch was gone; the publican searched after her, and found her with this money and my purse.
Where does the prisoner belong to.
I do not know, I met with her in the street, and we agreed to go and have a drop of beer together.
Were you sober.
I was a little in liquor.
Do you keep the Spread Eagle.
Yes. On the 7th of May the prosecutor and the prisoner came into my house from the Brown Bear or some place in Diot-street; they set drinking some beer, I was not at home when they came in; when I came in there were some gipsies, some Scotch people, from whom I understood he had his pocket picked of something.
Was he in the room at the time you understood his pocket was picked.
Yes; he was quite tipsy asleep; I awoke him, I thought to speak to him, I saw it was of no use he was to tipsy, I went in search of this woman that I understood had robbed the man; in going to Diot-street, I met a woman who told me there was a girl with a deal of money at the Maidenhead public house; I met this girl and several others coming out of the door, I understood from some of them that she had the money, I laid hold of her and searched her, and found thirty two pounds, three shillings and eleven pence upon her.
Did you find a purse or any thing of that sort upon her.
Yes, I produce it and the money.
Did you ask her how she came by it.
Yes, she was drunk, she would not make any answer if she could; I gave her in charge to Blackman the officer.
That is my purse; there was forty-six pounds in it when I lost it; there was one ten pound note in it, I cannot swear to the money.
I was going up Diot street; there was a woman ran out of the Maidenhead; Mr. Evans said I am glad you are come, take hold of that woman, he had searched her in the house and counted the money, she tried to abscond from him, I happened to meet her at the door, I took her into custody, I asked her how she got the money, she said she was drunk, she admitted that she took it as I was taking her down to the watchhouse.
Was she drunk.
She was very much in liquor.
