I am with my mother; she keeps the Blue Post public house in Holborn . On or about the 17th of September, the servant took a pot of porter to Mr. Gates's 36, Castle street ; he was accosted by the prisoner, she desired him to bring two pots of porter and change for a dollar; he took her the porter and the change, she desired him to bring another pot and she would pay him altogether; he took the other pot and the prisoner was gone.
I am pot boy to Mrs. Cross. I went to Mr. Gates's, 36, Castle street with a pot of beer, there was a woman standing at 37 - she ordered two pots of beer and change for a dollar.
You thought that she belonged to that house
Yes; I thought her to be a servant there; she said they were new people in the house; I brought her the two pots of beer and the change for the dollar; she told me to go and fetch another pot, I should have the five shilling piece when I came back; when I came back with the other pot she had set one of the other pots of beer on the step, and she had run away with the change; nobody knew nothing of her; I did not see her till I saw her at the office.
I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner upon another charge.
I am unprotected, I have no counsel to speak for me; I shall be glad to speak in my own defence. Gentlemen of the jury, I lay myself under your protection, trusting that you will shew me that mercy which is ever displayed by a British jury; this charge alledged against me is false; there was a woman this boy knows that took the beer in; I should wish her to come forward; it is not right that I should be sworn against by this boy; I have been five weeks in Clerkenwell prison, and since I have been in this prison, which is a week, I have not had pen and ink to write to my friends.
When I gave her the change she took the beer into the passage to a woman, and said it was ordered, they must have it; the woman said she would have nothing to do with it; she told me to go for another pot; when I came with the other pot she had set one pot of beer down and ran off; she took the other pot and the change.
to Cross. What is your mother's name
Mary Margaret Cross .
Why did not you tell them who drawed up the indictment your mother's name was Mary Margaret Cross
I said Mary Margaret .
