On Monday, the 6th of September, my wife missed a silver tablespoon and one tea-spoon, and upon searching, another; I had the prisoner taken up, and in consequence of a story she told about a sheet, my wife went home, and missed one; the property is here.
I am servant to Mr. Davison, a pawnbroker; (produces a table-spoon) ; I took it in pledge on the 6th of September, but cannot say from whom; it was pledged in the name of Sarah Gardner .
I am sure this is my table-spoon; the prisoner lived in the same house with me; I made enquiry in the house, and she left the house that night; I saw nothing of her till the next day, when she was taken up.
I am the wife of the last witness; the prisoner lodged with a person of the name of Butterfield, the house is let out in tenements: On the 6th of September, I missed a table-spoon and a tea-spoon, I know the tablespoon to be mine, I told the prisoner I had missed it, and she said, she was very sorry, she hoped I should find it; she went away, and did not return that night; she was sometimes absent all night, but very seldom: she was taken up the next night, and on the Saturday following she owned she had taken the table-spoon, but knew of nothing else; the constable and I were with her at the time; I made her no promise of favor; she gave me the duplicate, and my husband went to the pawnbroker's, and saw the spoon.
When the prisoner owned it, she said, Cadman was as bad as she; she told me where Cadman was, and I took her into custody; the prisoner said, she had spent the money at Edmonton-fair: On the 15th, I went to to search the lodging, and received the duplicate from Mrs. Butterfield.
I interrogated the prisoner, and got the duplicate from her; she acknowledged it, but it was in consequence of a promise of forgiveness from the prosecutor, and I got the duplicate from her upon that promise.
I am a pawnbroker; I remember the prisoner and another woman being in our shop, about the 6th of September, but I cannot recollect taking the goods in.
The prisoner told me she had pledged them with Susan Cadman's sister.
I went with the prisoner to Mr. Davison's, to pledge a table-spoon.
This is my sheet, I know it by some tears in it.
