I am a widow, I live in Fleece alley, Tower street , I keep a house, it is in the parish of Allhallows Barking . On the 19th of December I went out to my labour about ten o'clock in the morning.
What are you.
I get my bread by a barrow in the street at the top of Tower street; I returned about one o'clock, my bed room door was fast. I returned again a little after four, and my bed room door was open, and all my drawers open, and every thing was taken out, and all my clothes were gone.
Had you any body else in the house.
Yes, there were two people, Samuel Ward and Ann Ward , they were both so infirm they could not stir out. I took the pieces of my gowns, I went to five pawnbrokers, and at the sixth I met with my clothes, and then I ordered the pawnbrokers to stop the clothes, and then I went and got an officer; he made the pawnbroker produce the things.
What is the prisoner, did she live with you.
She did, but she was not quite so well as I wished, so I turned her out of doors on Wednesday the 17th. She came on the following Friday and robbed me.
You suppose she robbed you on the 19th.
Yes, between the hours of one and four.
I am a pawnbroker, I live at No. 109, East Smithfield. On the 19th of December, between the hours of three and four in the afternoon I took in these things, which I now produce, of the prisoner at the bar; there is two gowns, two bed gowns, three petticoats, a sheet, a shift, a shawl, and six silver tea spoons, on which I lent her two pounds; and I lent her four shillings on two pair of stockings and two handkerchiefs.
Did you ever see her before.
No, the prisoner came the next morning to redeem part of them; I detained her, and sent for an officer, and took her into custody.
I am an officer. On the 19th of December this woman called upon me and said that she had been robbed, and that she had found the property at the pawnbrokers. I went with her to the pawnbroker's and desired him to shew us the property, which he did; I desired that if any person came for the property to stop them and send for us, and the next morning as I was going down the street I met Mr. Garrard and an officer with the prisoner. I desired them to bring her back to me to go and search the girl's lodgings, I went and searched them, she was a long while before she would shew me where she lived. In her lodging I found this handkerchief and shift, which the prosecutor swore to be her property. I asked her how she came by them, she said they were her own. When I brought her to the office I asked her how she got in this place where that property was; she said that she broke the door with a chisel, near upon three o'clock, and went immediately to the pawnbroker's. I searched her; in her pockets there were one half guinea, two seven shilling pieces, and a five shilling piece, which she said was her money she pledged the things for, and a great number of duplicates.
The shifts are mine; one is a calico one, and it is torn, and the other is joined across the loins; that is my sheet, it is a calico sheet; the petticoats are mine, and the spoons are mine, five of them are brighter than the other, and one is bent by wearing of it more than the others; the gown, handkerchief, and the shawl are mine; they are all my property.
I went to this woman's house, I took a chisel and opened the door, I went and took these things out of the drawer.
