What is your partner's name?
My partner's name is John-Henry Bluhm; we are ship brokers and ship owners in Crotched Friars: The prisoner was in our employ on the 24th of February, as collecting clerk, and had been so for ten years; there was freight due from Mr. Lee on the Robert and Sarah, and the Hebe Smith, from Hambro's, to the\\ amountof 21l. 12s. 9d. I have his book in which he kept his accounts (produces it) and on the 9th of March, 1801, he gives credit by the Hebe Smith - Received of Mr. Lee 10l. 16s. 4d. -Every thing he received was entered into this book, and paid over to our cash clerk; there is no other entry of money received on that day, and on the 24th of February, no credit is given for any sum; no other sum was due from Mr. Lee, except what I have stated.
How long did you say the prisoner had lived with you?
Ten years; he served seven years to us; if I had not thought him honest, I should not have kept him.
I believe you are clerk to Mr. Lee?
I am, and was on the 24th of February; this freightnote was brought to me but I cannot say what day; these sort of notes are generally left a week or two, to see whether the freight is correct; sometime after it was left, I made payment for it by a draft on Newnham, Everett, and Drummond, of 21l. 12s. 9d. (Produces the draft.)
Do you know whether you paid it to the prisoner, or not?
I cannot say.
Did the person who come put his name on the back?
He did.
Do you remember the person who put his name on it?
No; and the reason why I am so certain the person put his name to it is, that I always draw up the drafts, and see the persons who take them put their names on the backs of them.
Whose writing is that on the back?
The prisoner's.
Whose writing is that? (shewing the freight note)
The prisoner's.
You are clerk to Messrs. Newnham, Everett, and Co.?
Yes; in February 1801, I paid a check of Mr. James Lee 's for 21l. 12s. 9d. by a Bank note of 20l. a 1l. note, and 12s. 9d. in money; this is the draft, but I do not recollect who I paid it to.
I am clerk to Messrs. Peddir and Bluhm, and have the manifest book, and the prisoner's cash book. in which I find an entry of 10l. 16s. 4d. only, as received of Mr. Lee for freight the 24th of February.
Was any such sum as 10l. 16s. 4d. due from Mr. Lee?
I really don't know what was due; because it is out of my department.
It was never my intention to defraud Mr. Peddif; I leave it to my Counsel.
