- I am the wife of John Fido , I live at No. 45, Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell : My husband lost the the watch on the 17th of December last; about twelve o'clock I went out.
Did you know that your watch was safe when you went out?
Yes; I left my little girl in the room to take care of a child only fifteen months old; I did not return till between four and five o'clock in the evening.
When you left the house, what part of the room was the watch in?
Hanging up at the fire-place, in the one pair of stairs room.
Have you any lodgers in the house?
Yes, two in the two pair of stairs floor; but there was only one of them at home, their names are Ireland, a mother and son; when I returned, I was informed by Mrs Ireland of the loss of the watch, and I saw the watch at the pawnbrokers the next day; I have known the prisoner at the bar from a baby, he is deaf and dumb.
Could you make him understand?
Yes; being to used to him; I always called him a pensioner, and when he came I used to give him some halfpence.
Do you know the nature of an oath?
Yes.
Is it a good thing, or a bad thing, to tell a lie?
A bad thing; I believe I should go to the devil if I told a lie.
Mrs Fido is your mother, is she?
Yes.
Did she leave you at home on Monday the 17th of December, when she went out?
Yes.
Do you know that lad?
Yes, I know him very well; he came to my mother's after she was gone out, he came up into the one pair of stairs front room about a quarter after four o'clock.
Did you see the watch?
Yes, it was hanging at the side of the fire-place.
Was it a silver, or a gold watch?
A silver watch.
How long did he stay in the room?
Not ten minutes.
Did you see him do any thing with the watch?
No; when he came up stairs he pulled a shoe out of his pocket, without any bottom to it; I made motions to him that my mother was gone out; I went up five stairs, and called John Ireland , I asked him to write, that my mother was gone out; when I went to call him, I left nobody but the prisoner in the room; when I called him, he stood by the fire-place; and when the young man came down stairs, and wrote this, I made motions to him to go, then he was standing by the fire-place; he looked at it, and he went directly; he can understand writing. (What the witness said was written on paper, and shewn to the prisoner; his master said, he seemed to acknowledge it.)
When did you miss the watch?
About a quarter of an hour after he was gone; I went to see what it was o'clock.
Had any body else been in the room?
He was the only person that had been in the room before I missed the watch; directly my mother came home I told her of it, and my mother went after him directly; he was taken up between eight and nine o'clock that night.
When I first apprehended the prisoner, I did not find the duplicate; but some time after he pulled out the duplicate, and gave it me; the watch was pawned by Mary Wood , I have searched for her, but could not find her.
I am servant to Mrs. Fothergill, pawnbroker, Aldersgate-street: I produce a watch; I never saw the prisoner till I saw him at Worship-street; the watch was pawned by a person in the name of Mary Wood , about five o'clock in the evening. (The watch identified by the Prosecutrix.)
(To Prosecutrix.) As you knew this lad a long time, how did he behave?
I always understood him to be an honest comfortable lad.
(To Thomas Twist .) As this lad lived some time with you, did he conduct himself honest and fairly?
He continued in my service till October; he behaved very well, a steady, sober, industrious, and, for ought I knew, an honest youth.
From the time that the boy went, to the quarter of an hour after he went that you missed the watch, were you at all out of the room?
No.
At the time when you went out of the room to call the young man down stairs, when you returned in again, did you miss the watch then?
No.
