- I live with Joseph Thompson , my uncle, in Clement's-lane, Lombard-street, a merchant , and have lived with him a year and an half; he employs me as a garbler of cochineal: On the 22d of September I was robbed, between five and six o'clock, in Camomile-street, Bishopsgate-street ; I went there to pay John Heseltine two one-pound notes, who lodges at the Saracen's Head, Camomile-street; I was standing at his loding door, and I told him I had got the money, which I was going to give to him, when the prisoner came between us, and snatched the two\\ one\\ pound notes out of my hand; Heseltine took hold of him, and the prisoner dropped the notes, which I picked up; one of them was very much torn;\" i said to Heseltine, \"one is very much torn;\" he said to the prisoner, \"I insist upon it you make it good;\" the prisoner said, \"if uou'll go along with me to my master's, I will make it good;\" he went with him, and I don't know any more. I saw the prisoner again the 16th of December, at Bow-street; there wre three more with him; I am sure he is the man who snatched the note.
You never had seen the prisoner before?
No.
It was dark, was it not?
Not quite.
When you were talking, somebody snatched it?
Yes.
Who else was there beside you and Heseltime?
I cannot say.
Were there any other persons beside you and Heseltine?
Yes; but I cannot say who or how many.
Have you always told the same story you have to-day?
yes.
Did you never say that the notes were not taken from your hands, but that they were torn in the snatch?
No; he snatched the notes, and dropped them, and I picked them up.
Which way was the person who you suppose to be the prisoner going?
I was standing face down wards to Camomile-street, and the prisoner came between us, and passed down, the street.
How long did he stay after he had made the snatch?
He staid a little while before he said he would go to his master.
What became of the notes?
I gave them to Heseltine the next morning, and he paid them away.
Then the prisoner never had possession of them?
Not long; I picked them up when he dropped them, and gave them to Heseltine.
I am a weekly servant to Mr. Joseph Thompson ; on the 22d of September last, as I was standing at the door of the Saracen's-head public-house, in Camomile-street, the prisoner, with two other men and a woman, came up to the door, and had some gin together; they were on my lest hand side; Joseph Thompson , my master's nephew brought me two one pound notes; when he pulled them out, the prisoner rushed between us and snatched them out of his hand, at one snatch; I ran and caught him by the collar; he immediately dropped them; the boy picked them up, and said John, there is one torn almost to pieces; I said to the prisoner, I insist upon your making that note good; he said, if I would go to his master he would make it good; I went with the prisoner and his companions down Camomile-street; when I got to the bottom, into St. Mary-Axe, I met Benjamin Mayo , who said, John, where are you going, I said, I am going to this man's master, and he went with us.
Who had the notes?
The boy took them home to his uncle; next morning I had them from the boy; the prisoner took us into an alley, called Still-alley, across Houndsditch; he went first, I followed him, Mayo followed me, and the prisoner's companions followed him; a little way up the alley there is a turning to the right band; at the second door he knocked two or three times: there he turned himself round on his heel, drew a knife, or some sharp cutting instrument from the sleeve of his coat; and upon seeing that, I said to Benjamin Mayo , there is a knife; I dropped back a little, and the prisoner instantly struck the knife through Mayo's cheek, into his mouth; the prisoner said, there, you b-y b-r, that's my master, meaning his knife; his companions immediately knocked me down with a large stick, or butt end of a whip, and beat me mery much; in that time Mayo and the prisoner had a scuffle, the prisoner's companion, to assist him, jumped over me as I lay on the ground; I endeavoured to get up, as I was rising up on my hands and knees, the prisoner slipped on one side, and stabbed me on the left side of the back; I dropped, and then the prisoner and his companion made their escape; there are the cloaths I was stabbed in.(Produces coat, waistcoat, and shirt).
What time was this?
About five or six o'clock.
How many people were there beside you?
There was the boy and me, the prisoner, his two companions, and a woman who sold fruit.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
Not to my knowledge; I never saw him again till the 16th of December, from the 22d of September, at Bow-street, with three other prisoners; I knew him directly.
Have you not got a detainer against the prisoner of the assault?
Yes.
Were you sober?
Yes, perfectly, for I did not leave work till between four and five o'clock.
I lived at No. 77, Sun-street, at that time; I met John Heseltine, and asked him what was the matter; the prisoner was with him; he said the prisoner had robbed the boy of two one pound notes, and one of them was torn very much, and the prisoner said, if he would go with him to his master, he would give him another for it; he took us into a place called Stillalley, and went to a door and tapped with his left hand; then he turned himself round and drew something out, and said, you b-y b-r that is my master, and stuck me right through the mouth; after he had stabbed me, and we had some scuffling, he stabbed Heseltine; after that I made my escape, and cried out murder; we were taken to the doctor, and the prisoner escaped, as nobody would go after them; the prisoner's companion beat us a good deal with a stick; I never saw the prisoner till at Bow-street; there were four taken up on suspicion.
You met Heseltine and the prisoner walking along, but nobody else?
Yes, another man, and I understood there was another at first, but I did not see him.
For the assault have you not also indicted the prisoner?
Yes.
You had not the torn note to give in return for another, had you?
No, the boy had it, waiting for my return, and I did not have it that night, because I went to the surgeons.
(To Thompson.) Why did not you give the notes that night to Heseltine?
Because he gave it back to me to take care of.
I am one of the Bow-street patrol, and apprehended the prisoner at the public house called the Valiant Soldier, in Bermondsey-street.
I know no more of it than the child unborn.
