I live at the Golden Cross, Charing Cross ; I am a tavern and inn keeper .
I am servant to Mr. Kemshead. On the 28th of April as I sat at my dinner, about two o'clock, in the kitchen, I saw the prisoner shut the door three times.
Did the prisoner work in your house.
No, she came for the washing, she was in a room below in the house; seeing her shut the door three times, I went up the last time to see what she shut herself in for, the door had wooden panes and one pane was out, I looked through, I saw her take one silver spoon out of a glass that had wine and water in, it had just come out of the coffee room, she put it in her bosom, I ran and told the head waiter, the waiter told master, and master sent for her back.
When she put the spoon in her bosom she went away out of the house did she.
Yes.
(to prosecutor) You remember when the waiter told you that the spoon was lost.
I do, in consequence of that my waiter brought her back from the Swan, at Charing Cross, I immediately ordered a constable to be fetched, he came, and took up the prisoner.
I am a constable. On the 28th of April, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was ordered at Mr. Kempshead's, to take the prisoner into custody; I searched her, and found these two spoons I now produce, they were twisted up in the corner of her apron which she held in her hand.
One of the spoons is marked with a cross and a K, I am certain that is my spoon, with regard to the other, I will not swear to it.
My mistress told me to make haste with the basket of clothes, and as I came back to bring one of the children with me, I brought two with me, I asked the cook for a little bit of bread and meat, I just shut the door after me while I eat some of it, then there was a parcel of dirty coarse kitchen cloths, which I put in my apron, as we never put them with the clean linen; the waiter came after me, he says you are wanted back, I went back with him, Mr. Kempshead told me to sit down, he locked the door, I says what is the matter, he says I do not know, but if it is true you may be transported; these cloths I laid down on the table, and when the constable came I took the cloths up in this hand, the constable searched me, and when he had done that, he takes these greasy cloths, and the two spoons fell out.
(to Clements) When you took the spoons from the prisoner at the bar, had she any thing in her hand but her apron rolled up.
There was no towel about her, there were only the two spoons in the corner of her apron; she was very loth to let me open her hand.
