Last Friday evening, about half past six, I came opposite Shoreditch church, I saw the prisoner with a sack on his shoulder; I took hold of the end of the bag, I asked him where he was going with them; he said he was going to an inn; I said what inn, he said the Basing house; it struck me that he had stole the rags; I knew the gentleman, Mr. Holmes, that he worked for, he lives opposite of me; I then went to Mr. Holmes to know whether they had sent any rags out of the warehouse; I then stood out of door, till he came back. I asked him where he had left the rags, he said at the inn; after that he went into the warehouse; the prisoner then said he had not been out of the warehouse, he had no rags at all; I told him he had, I saw him with the sack on his shoulder; I took him by the shoulder and took him to the office; he confessed that he had taken them and took me to the place where he had sold them; we took the rags and put them in the sack and took them to Worship street; the sack had Mr. Holmes' name upon it.
Are you Mr. Holmes's foreman
Yes. About half past six, on the 25th of November, I left the prisoner at work; I w warehouse to Mr. Holmes's brother, where he lay dangerously ill; I had not been long there before Mr. Holmes's brother came up stairs and said I was wanted; I came down; the officer asked me whether I had given orders to take any thing out; I told him no; he said he had seen one of the men with a sack on his shoulder, and that he said he was going to take them to the inn. I immediately went down with him to the warehouse; I asked the prisoner what he could mean by it. Then the officer said he must take him into custody. As he was going to the office, he acknowledged that the man that worked with him helped to put them in the bag, opened the gate and let him out of the premises with the bag; then he took us to the shop where he had sold them; there I asked him what bag he had brought them in; he said it was one of his master's bags with his master's name on it; this is the bag; it is my master's, his name is upon it. We asked the woman where the bag was; she said it was where he put it himself; I took it; I then went to where the rags lay; I said these are my master's property.
The man that worked along with me let me out of the door with them, and put them on my back and told me to take them there to sell them.
