I am clerk to Thomas Bolt, wharfinger ; I know nothing of the transaction.
I am clerk to the wharfinger, at Cox's Quay: On the 24th of July last, I was going out of our own accompting-house, I observed a cask of yarn upon Fresh-wharf , I saw some of it lying upon the wharf; I then saw a man, who was at work for Mr. Bolt, take it up, and carry it a different way from what he ought to have carried it; Mr. Wegener then came up, followed him, and took hold of him; I followed Mr. Wegener, and he had then partly got it into his trowsers; I called one of the city constables, and gave charge of him.
The cask was broke, and the yarn lying about in different places?
Yes.
The bundle that he took up was at a considerable distance from the cask?
Yes.
I am a gangsman, at Cox's Quay; on the 24th of July, I was upon the quay, adjoining Fresh-wharf, which is Mr. Bolt's wharf; I saw a cask of yarn broke, and some pieces of yarn lying about, the prisoner was near the cask; I looked over the hurdle and saw a piece of yarn; he took up a piece of yarn and ran the contrary way, he put part of it into his trowsers, and the other part in his apron, and went over the hurdles; I asked him what he had got there, he said, nothing, he then pulled it out from under his apron, and out of his trowsers, and put it down; Mr. Asbury came back with a city constable, and Mr. Wilson gave him in charge.
The hogshead was broke?
Yes.
You do not belong to Mr. Bolt's wharf?
No.
I am an officer, (produces the property;) I received it in charge from Mr. Wegener.
I landed this yarn about an hour before; there was a broken vat of yarn; I was up at dinner, and was sent for by Asbury, and I gave charge of him.
How do you know that to be your yarn?
The quality is nearly equal, and in counting the number of heads there were two deficient, there should have been three hundred and forty skains in that vat, and there were but three hundred and thirty-eight, this one makes three hundred and thirty-nine.
Did you give the prisoner authority to remove any?
No, I did not.
Nor to repack it?
No.
I am as innocent as the child unborn; I saw a man take a piece, and I took it from him to take care of it.
