I am a wool-sorter , and live at Northampton: On the 22d of September, (I came up to town on the 21st,) between the hours of eleven and twelve, coming up Ludgate-hill , towards St. Paul's, on the north-side; a man tapped me on the shoulder, and said, have you not lost something, I said, no, not that I know of; I felt, and found I had lost my pocket-book; I said, there was only a one pound note in it; we walked on sharp about one hundred yards, and he said, step on faster, which we did, about two hundred yards, and seized a man by the collar; I seized him on the other side, and accused him with taking my book, which he denied; another man, dressed like a sailor, came up, and took hold of the prisoner, upon which, the first man that took him, let him go; the sailor gave him a violent shake, and pressed him against the wall, as he did that, I saw the prisoner drop my pocket-book from his right-hand, I did not see him take it out of his pocket; the sailor said, he did; in the fall, the strap slipped out, and part of the contents fell in the dirt, the prisoner set his foot on it; the other man picked up the papers, and said, they must go to the Magistrate; we went to the Compter, and the book and papers were given to a gentleman in the prison; I had the one pound note to carry me home, by order of the Magistrate; there were no particular marks about it.
Was any body there besides me, when I was taken?
I don't know, I had enough to do to look after you.
Did you not feel any person at your pocket?
No; I should have known I had lost it, and that would have been all, if I had not been told of it; the pocket-book is worth about one shilling.
I am a patrol for St. George's in the East, and was coming up Ludgatehill, with a sailor, on the 22d of September, about twelve o'clock; the sailor said, there were four men who had robbed this gentleman; I asked him, if he had been robbed, he said, no; he felt, and said, he had lost his book; the sailor said, he saw them go up a court; we followed them, and saw all the four in company, in Warwick-lane; I took hold of the prisoner, who the sailor said was one; they all rushed together, and in the scrunmage they all run round us, there might be seven or eight, while we were engaging, I saw a pocket-book drop, but from whom I cannot tell, there were so many about; I scrambled and got the papers; the prisoner was near, but I cannot say who dropped it; I took the prisoner and the book to the Compter; I have kept the book from that time to this.(Produces the book, which was identified by the prosecutor.)
Can you say you saw me follow you, or night you?
No, not till I took you.
