I am a saddler , No. 283, Oxford-street ; the prisoner came, on the 22d of September, about three o'clock in the afternoon, and said he lived with Colonel Bromley at Sabbaniere's Hotel, Leicester-field; that his master had bought a horse at Tatterfall's; I know the Colonel, and that the prisoner had lived with him in the summer, but had left him, as he confessed; he said he wanted to try the horse, and wished to borrow a saddle, which was to be returned that evening; and that if the horse was approved of, I was to make a new one; about half an hour after I lent it to him, James Balderson came with the same saddle; the name was on the stirrups, but the bill, which was on the saddle, was torn off; I saw it was the same I had lent the prisoner, for Colonel Bromley ; I went with Balderston, to Shepherd's-market, and secured the boy; he begged forgiveness, and said he had never done such a thing before; we took him to Marlborough-street.
I am a sadler, No. 5, Downe-street, Piccadily, about a mile from Mr. Lauine's: On th 22d of September, between four and five, the prisoner came and offered a saddle to me, at Mr. Pollock's, a sadler, for sale; I asked him what he wanted for it; he said 2l. taking up the saddle, I saw the bill of the maker's name torn across, but I saw it on the irons; I knew him, and asked the prisoner whose saddle it was? he said, Colonel Bromley 's, who had given it to him; I asked him to leave the saddle, as Mr. Pollock was not in the way; he said no, he was going out of town that evening; then I took the saddle to James Balderson , who I said was a friend of mine; I went, and said I did not like the appearance of it; and gave it to him to take of Laurie's; I told the prisoner I had left the saddle with a friend of mine, to try it on his horse; the prisoner said he was going a little further, and would call as he came back; then Balderson and Laurie came to me at he public house, and the prisoner came in and was secured.
I am a sadler; Johnson brought me the saddle, on the 22d, for sale, and said it belonged to Colonel Brombley 's groom.
I understood you that you took it to Balderson to take to Laurie, to enquire whether it was his?
I could not go myself to Laurie, and told Balkerson I had suspicion of it; before I left, I said the boy offered it for sale.
He brought the saddle, and asked me if I wished to purchase it, for it was a very good one, but that he was not authorized to buy it; I examined it; the tearing of the bill was mentioned; he said the prisoner asked 2l. for it, but I might have it for five and twenty shillings, or thereabouts; I said I did not like the appearance of it, and before I bought it, I wished to see Mr. Laurie about it, and told him to detain the prisoner the while; I went and brought Mr. Laurie to the house, where the prisoner came, and was taken.
I went to Mr. Laurie to buy a second hand saddle; he said he had not one, but would lend me one till I got one; I said, if my master wanted a new one I would come again; I took the saddle and went to Piccadilly, to Mr. Pollock, and asked him to buy it; he said he would give me twenty-five shillings; I said I would take twenty-six shillings; he took the saddle, and took it to three different shops, to try to sell it; he came back and said a man was gone to try it, and then they took me.
