- I am a furrier and haberdasher , in Hayes's-court, St. Ann's : On the 2d of December, about nine in the morning, my sister came to me, and asked me if I had taken a tippet off the counter.
What is her name?
Does she officiate in the shop?
Yes; I told her I had not taken it; I went up stairs, and there was one missing; I said it was the best tippet; it was the flank tippet that was gone; next day I was going through Covent-garden, and saw it upon the neck of the prisoner; it is composed of two different pieces of fur; I had not enough of the one sort to finish it; it is finished with a different sort of fur; I followed her the full length of the Piazza before I said any thing to her; I did not wish to make a disturbance; I laid hold of her arm and said \"My dear will you go a little way with me:\" she looked at me, smiled, and said \"Yes, where shall we go.\" she had two young girls, one in each arm, and she bid them go away, saying she was going with a gentleman; we went very quietly down Russell-street; she looked very anxiously at me, and said, \"Where are you going with me;\" I told her \"but a little way;\" as we came near the corner of Bow-street, she said -\"where are you going; good God, you alarm me;\" I told her \"to the office;\" she said -\"for God's sake, what is the matter? tell me if any thing is the matter? we will settle it without going there.\" I told her my name, and where I lived, and charged her with having the property upon her back that was stolen from my ware-room the night before; upon which the prisoner was alarmed, and said, \"I bought the tippet honestly; if the woman I bought it of came dishonestly by it, here take the tippet for God's sake,\" and immediately put it into my bands; the Magistrates not being sitting, the officers refused to take her into custody, and said, I must have a warrant first; she was very near slipping through the hands of justice by that means; I told them at their peril to let her go; and then Macmanus desired me to give charge of her, which I did; she was taken into Carpmeal's, and I went to fetch my sister; when I came back, she wanted to have some conversation with me; she asked me the value of the tippet; I told her \"to a surrier three guineas;\" she said, \"will you take three guineas; although I gave a guinea and a half for it, I will give you the three guineas;\" I told her that would be compounding felony, and I could not do it. After the first examination, a man came and said he would give twenty guineas to make it up. (Produces the tippet.)
I am sister to the prosecutor: On the 1st of December, about half past six o'clock, the prisoner and an old woman came into our shop.
Are you sure it was the prisoner?
Yes, she had been frequently in our shop; I had known her five years before; the old woman she called servant; I never recollected her coming to our shop above twice without having the old woman with her; the prisoner asked to look at velvet hats; we don't keep them in the shop, and I wished her to have an inferior chip, but she said, she would not wear one; I then took her up into the wareroom, and the old woman went with her; I had myself that day made three tippets, and laid them separate by themselves on the counter in the wareroom.
That room up stairs is not a shop?
Yes, it is, where we shew several goods for sale; these three tippets I put there a little after five o'clock; no one had been in the room before they came in; the prisoner looked at several velvets, and did not like them; she then returned down into the shop; I was pressing for her to buy, and she bought a black inferior chip, which she said before she would not wear; they were both in great haste to go, as they said they should be too late to go to the Play.
How long was she in buying that?
They were about five minutes in the shop below, and about ten minutes in the ware-room; they were unusually quick below, for I have known them stop half an hour when they have come to purchase; the bonnet that she had bought of me was on her head when I saw her at Bow-street; she gave me half a guinea for it; I did not suspect the prisoner had taken it, nor any one, and therefore I did not look for the tippet that night; the next morning when I came down from breakfast, about half past eight in the morning, I found the two tippets in the same place I had left them, but the other was gone; I immediately asked my brother if he had taken one away, and he said he had not; no one had been in the room that night after she left it but our own family; the tippet is my own work, and I am positive it was never sold; I finished it but about an hour before she came in.
(To Morhall.) Have you had the possession of the tippet ever since?
Yes, this is the same tippet.
(To Miss Morhall.) Did you ever miss any thing after I had left your shop?
No, I never suspected ber.
I bought the tippet some time ago of a person of the name of Sarah Moore.
