I was in the employ of Thomas Larkin ; and George Dunnage : On Saturday the 12th of April, I had a woman's silk bonnet sent up to me to be finished; I finished it, and left it in the workshop when I went to dinner, and when I came back it was gone.
I am in partnership with George Dunnage , we keep a silk hat manufactory in the Strand : I missed a bonnet; after some search, I found it under the grate of the copper; I put a mark upon it, T. L. with a pencil, and placed William Butcher to watch; I then got a search-warrant, which was executed on Monday morning the 14th of April, between seven and eight o'clock; we found the prisoner in bed, there were two bedsteads in the room; upon taking down the other bedstead we found three hats, and a cap unfinished; after that, we found the bonnet at Mrs. Sang's, the wife of Mr. Sang, who keeps a music-shop in Oxford-street; I went there by the direction of the prisoner.
I am shopman to Mr. Larkin; I was sent to watch; about six o'clock, when the men leave their work, I saw the prisoner come into the room and take out a white handkerchief, or a cloth, he knelt down upon one knee, and took the bonnet from under the grate of the copper; I was concealed behind some silk, he could not observe me; he then went away with it, and I informed Mr. Duunage.
You don't know who put the bonnet there?
No.
I am an officer: On Monday the 14th of April, I went with Mr. Larkin to the prisoner's lodgings, No. 1, Garden-court, Standgate; I went into the right-hand room, and there was a woman; Mr. Larkin said, how do you do, Mrs. Miller; I turned to the left, and there was Miller in bed; before he got up I searched his clothes, and in his coat-pocket I found a pocket-book, containing twelve duplicates, all for hats; while I was looking at them he made a snatch, and made towards the fire, but I secured them; I searched the room, and just at the right of his bedstead was another bedstead turned up; his wife said, in his hearing, do not look there, there is nothing but foul linen; I said, I am a married man and I shall look; when I opened it, I saw these three hats, and this cap unfinished; I pulled them out; he begged very hard, and said it was distress made him do in he cried very much, and I took him to Bow-street.
Was there no inducement held out to him, that he should be forgiven if he confessed?
None; I went by Mr. Larkin's directions to Mr. Sang's, in Oxford-street, where I found this bonnet; I did not hear the prisoner say any thing about it.
I don't know any thing of the bonnet.
