I keep the Bull in Kingsland-road: On the 20th of September, I was in my own kitchen washing some oysters; in the kitchen there is a window which looks into the yard; it was broke, a pane of glass was out; it was the window of the door, the door was bolted; I heard a noise, and asked, who is there; I then saw the prisoner at the bar, I knew him before; he said he had got some peas for Mr. Proctor's man, and I desired him to take them away; he said, Mr. Proctor's man should stand a pot or two of beer; I then desired him to take them away; he did not go away, but put a bag through the broken, and put it into an armed chair; his miscress lived opposite; he was servant to Mrs. Bowstreed, a corn-chandler.
Who is Mr. Proctor's man?
I don't know; I understood it was Mr. Proctor, the brewer, in Shoreditch; I went to Armstrong's, the officer; he was not at home, and then I sent to Mrs. Bowstreed; nobody came to enquire after the bag; it remained at my house till the next morning, and then it was carried to Worship-street; Lydia Bowstreet came to my house, and Armstrong; the prisoner was called down, and said, he took it from his mistress's binn up stairs.
I am the daughter of Sarah Bowstreed , No. 16, Kingsland-road ; I live with her, she is a corn-chandler ; the prisoner was her servant : On the 20th of September, I received a message from Mr. Castle, and went to his house; he shewed me a bag, containing about a peck and a half of split peas; I knew the bag to be my mother's property, it was marked S. B. the prisoner said they were his mistress's; Mr. Armstrong had called him out of the stable.
I am an officer: On Tuesday, the 20th of September, I was ap plied to about ten o'clock at night to go to the Bull, next door to my own house; I went into the parlour, and saw a bag; I then called the prisoner out of his mistress's stable, adjoining Castle's dwelling-house; I brought him in; I let him see the bag as it was, and then said to him, Oliver, Mr. Castle says you have left, these peas here; his answer was, I have, they are my mistress's, I took them; those are the very words, I put them down that night.
Before this, had you or any body else advised him to confess?
No; I left the bag in Mr. Castle's possession.
I delivered it to Bishop, the officer.
I received this bag from Castle, in the same state it is now.
The S is marked the wrong way; it was done in a hurry by my youngest sister, when the bag was going to Ware; it was impossible to miss this quantity of peas.
Mr. Castle has taken a false oath; I did no such thing at all.
