Are you a married woman?
Yes; my husband's name is Aaron Solomon , I keep a clothes shop: On the 31st of last month Jane Wilson came to my shop to sell some rags; - I am a very ailing person, I was trying to wash a few things; - she said, you do not look capable of washing; she told me she went out to wash, and she would be glad to do it for me; I told her I could not afford to give much, and that if she had nothing to do she might come and do it for me; she washed for me from two o'clock till half past five; she had dinner and tea, and I gave her threepence; she then said to me, I have nothing to do to-morrow, and if you have a mind I will come and iron them for you; she came the next morning between nine and ten o'clock, and continued till half past two; then our sabbath begins. She then said, you do not touch fire on Saturday, if you have a mind I will come and mind your fire; I said she might come; on Friday she stayed with me till very near eleven o'clock, and came on Saturday morning between eight and nine, and continued till half past five o'clock, and then she had her tea, and was going, she said, to a gentlewoman's house.
Was she paid any thing?
No; she said she would come back again at half past ten o'clock, if I would set up so long, and I sat up; I said to my little girl, after she was gone, Betsey, I wish you would get the shift, and I will mend it; she went into the shop, and could not find it; I told her it was very cold, and to get me my shawl, and she could not find the shawl; she said to me, have the other shawl, and when she went to get the other shawl it was gone; I said, it is very odd that what you looked for is gone. I got up in a passion, and looked on the line, and the first thing that I missed was a white bed-gown, and other articles; I know no person was in the place but this woman.
I am the husband of the last witness: On Sunday, the 3d of December, about ten o'clock at night, I met the prisoner in a paved alley in Pall-mall; she was then feeling about herself; my little girl was with me, and she spoke to her; I spoke to my little girl in the Hebrew language, telling her to mind one hand, while I seized the other; the first watchman that I came to I gave her in charge, and told him to mind one hand, and I would mind the other; we took her to St. James's watch-house. In that hand I had hold of there was a bit of red cloth, containing two duplicates of a shift and a shawl belonging to me; this we found at the watch-house, and a shawl about her neck.
I was constable of the night, I produce two duplicates, the lantern bearer gave them to me; I searched her further, and found this shawl on her neck.
I produce a shift pledged with me on the 2d of this month; I believe it was the prisoner.
I am a pawnbroker in Tothill-street, Westminster; I produce a shawl pledged on the 2d of February; I cannot say it was the prisoner, it was a woman.
I live with Mrs. Solomon: My mistress hung the shift over the back of the chair when she had done it, and when she told me to get it I could not find it, nor the shawl, and there was another shawl that my mistress lent me when I went to the dispensary with her, and that was gone; I saw the duplicates taken from her at the watch-house by the lantern-bearer, and he gave them to the constable; I was not present when the shawl was taken from her neck.
You were to pay me half a crown from Thursday to Saturday?
No, it does not stand to reason I was to pay you that for two or three hours.
Did you tell her to take the shawl and the shift?
No, I am certain I did not; I have a little girl that runs of my errands, and she knows I did not.
Did you hear any conversation about paying her for the work she had done?
My mistress said she would satisfy her when it was done, she could not before; she then said it was only a few halfpence; she gave her threepence and a dinner that day.
Were you present when she went away - did you hear your mistress say she might take any thing to pay herself?
No, I am confident to the contrary.
