I am a coachmaker , in Long-acre : The prisoner at the bar has been my apprentice four years and a half, he has two years and a half to serve; I can only prove the property.
I am a pawnbroker, in Long-acre; (produces the velvet;) I believe the prisoner at the bar brought it to me on the 21st of January, between eight and nine in the morning to pawn; he had one pound fourteen shillings advanced upon it; he said it was his own property; On the 21st of January, he came and had four yards of it away, he had two pounds first, and it was afterwards reduced to one pound fourteen shillings; Mr. Stubbs came on the 21st and claimed it.
He pawned this in his own name?
Yes; John Hotton.
He told you he should take it out again soon?
Before the 16th of January, we had that piece of velvet in and out, he redeemed it frequently; I believe it to be the same velvet.
Are you sure the name he assumed, when he came to you, was John, and not William Horton?
Yes.
Look at the velvet - do you know it by any particular marks?
Yes, by this piece being cut off the end; I have no doubt at all of that being my property; it was left in a large store-room, where there are a vast number of valuable things; there are eight or ten dozen of skins in my house; I do not deliver them to my workmen, but through means of an under clerk, sometimes by my foreman, and the young man, but it is in my dwelling-house, detached from the work-shop.
How came you to miss it?
Four yards of velvet were wanted on the 21st, and the prisoner, William Horton, was applied to for that purpose.
Did you apply to him?
No.
Who was the person that did?
I believe Horton produced the four yards, but I did not see it then.
Were not you present yourself at the time when he produced it?
No; but the four yards cut off this are still in my possession at home.
Did you measure it?
No, the person did, whom it was given to; I have no doubt at all of the identity of that property; I went to the pawnbroker's, and told him not to part with the property, that it was mine; the prisoner confessed that he had taken it.
Is that confession here?
No; I have a note from him to one of my men to take it out, and he would give him the money again; I know the hand-writing.
What is the young man's name?
William Horton , not John Horton.
Is Webber here?
He is not.
As to what the prisoner said before the Magistrate, it was taken down in writing?
Yes.
If it had been the prisoner's design to prevent it coming into your possession again, he might have so altered it, that it should never be known again?
Yes.
I believe he had been spoken to by the clerk, and he was going to get it out of pawn?
I do not know that; he was in possession of an officer for sleeping out of my house, when he wrote this note.
Before you charged him, he had sent this note to get it out of pawn?
He had not sent it, he had written it to send, and was enclosing the duplicate to get it out of pawn, and promising to pay as soon as he was released.
Who did you receive that paper from?
I took it from the prisoner myself by violence; I saw it in his hand when the Bow-street officer took him.
I leave my defence to my Counsel.
