- I am butler to Lord Le Despencer; I know the sheets produced are his Lordship's property, that is all I know.
I am butler to Dr. Robert Willis; On the 4th of November last about a quarter after twelve, or thereabouts, I was in my master's bed-room, fronting the street, nearly opposite to Lord Le Despencer's, and I saw the prisoner at the bar come out of a two-pair of stairs window upon a new piece of building that was building up; there was a door way cut through the wall that communicated into the attics of the dwelling-house; I saw the prisoner trying to conceal something under his great coat, on the left side; he then crossed the new building, and got upon the scaffolding, and, on my going down stairs, the servant-maid of Dr. Willis called to me, and said, she believed there was a man robbing Lord Le Despencer's house; I then went to the landing-place of the first stair-case, and I saw the prisoner upon the scaffold, putting the sheets into a mason's lime-basket; when he had so done, he picked up bricks and rubbish, and put over the sheets; I went down stairs to the street door, and called to him; he stood up very unconcerned; I said, you rascal, if you don't come down, I will fetch you down, I will throw you down and break your neck; the prisoner then left the basket, and threw himself astride the ladder, and slid down; when he came at the bottom, I laid hold of him by the collar, and told him he had been a thief, that he had done something wrong; he said, he had not, and begged I would let him go; he broke away from me, and ran across Hanover-square, but I took him in Oxford-road, and brought him back to the place where I first saw him; in the interval of time Lord Le Despencer's servants had been informed of it, and I saw the basket in the manner I have described; we then took him to Marlborough-street, and he was committed.
What time of day did you see this?
A quarter after twelve.
That was the time the other workmen were at work?
No, they were gone.
Do you know enough of the prisoner, to say he was the man?
Yes.
I am a bricklayer, I left the basket in the room where the sheets were, at twelve o'clock, when I went to dinner.
These are Lord Le Despencer's property; there is L. D. and the coronet upon them.
My Lord, I am a bricklayer by trade; I went up this ladder with an expectation of getting a job, I had worked for the same master before, and they asked me what I wanted; and I said, I only wanted to see my master; they used me very ill, and therefore I made my escape.
