I am the wife of Robert Lefevre, a seaman , who is now abroad in the East-India service: On the 25th of October I was coming through Ratcliff-highway, I was followed by several men, the prisoner was one; they followed me to Red-lion-street, Whitechapel , and there I found Stokes's hand in my pocket; he had walked and talked with me all the way.
You were talking together?
Yes.
Did you know him before?
No.
How long was he with you?
Not. long; I walked very fast, and he would insist upon walking by the side of me; I told him I did not want his company; when I got to Red-lion-street, I found his hand in my pocket; I asked him what he was doing in my pocket, and he said, nothing at all; I immediately laid hold of him; I put my hand in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; he dragged his hand from my pocket, and wanted to get away; he then pushed me very much, but I kept hold of him, and crossed the way with him; I cried out, and two watchmen came to my assistance; when I cried out, the other men ran away, and the watchmen secured the prisoner; I missed a silk handkerchief, and a nutmeg-grater, with half-a-guinea in it.
When had you last seen your money?
I had changed one shilling out of it at a public-house in Ratcliff highway.
Were you sober at the time?
I was not the worse for liquor, I might have drank three or four glasses of spirits in the course of the day; I had drank some with a friend that I had been to see in Nightingale-lane.
What liquor had you had before you went there?
I drank one glass at home, and one at her house; I drank one with her out, when she went out to buy a pair of shoes, and one glass coming home.
What house was that?
The Ship and Horseshoe; my friend had a glass with me, and I paid for it; I took one shilling out of my nutmeggrater, and then there was half-a-guinea remaining in it; I received 9d. in change, which was left in my pocket; he was searched, but nothing found upon him; I have never found them since.
Do you mean to swear you were perfectly sober?
I was quite sober.
I am a watchman; I heard a terrible noise in the street; I went across from Red-lion-street to Essex-street, and there I saw this woman; she had hold of him, and would not let him go; she gave charge of him for robbing her of a silk handkerchief, a nutmeg grater, with a half-guinea in it; I took him to the watch-house; there were five or six other men, who all ran away when I came up; they were all close up together with the woman and the prisoner; he was searched at the watch-house, but nothing found upon him; the woman did not appear to be in liquor.
I had been at work all day; I was coming along, and saw this woman with five or six young men; I was going past Red-lion-street, when a young woman called me; I said I was only going over the way, and then the other men walked behind her; I asked where she lived; she said, in George-street, that she had been on board ship five or six days with a sailor, who had given her a 2l. note, and she had left the ship at Gravesend; she said these young men would not leave her alone; she clapped her hand in her pocket, and said, she had lost a silk handkerchief, and charged me with it; I then walked right up to the watchman, and told him to take me into custody, for I knew nothing of it.
Is the story the prisoner has told, true or not?
It is not.
