I am servant to Brown and Jackson, No. 4, Upper Thames-street, chemists and druggists; I packed up the box containing the articles, last Saturday fennight, and sent them to No. 52, Bread-street, directed P. H. L. C. No. 15, about half past seven.
I am carter to Mr. Bulle, who is a carman , in Smithfield; last Wednesday, I was ordered to go to Mr. Bainbridge's, in Bread-street, to take a load to Porter's-Quay ; I staid under the gateway some time, and a little after six o'clock in the evening, I heard something rustling, nobody could pass, without getting over or under the cart; I heard a man jump off the cart, and, by the light of the lamp, I saw something white; I said, my friend, whoever you are, that belongs to me, you have robbed the cart; I called out, stop thief, and the box was thrown down from a man's back, who was out of the gateway; I saw a man run, but did not see his face.
I am a Customhouse lighterman; on Wednesday, I was at Porter's-quay, and between six and seven o'clock, I went to the top of the gateway, where there were a number of carts, with goods, addressed to my care; I saw and heard something white fall, but could not distinguish what it was, I thought it was a box or case, a man ran by me, who was the prisoner; I cried out, that fellow has stolen something, and threw it down the gateway; I pursued him instantly, crying, stop thief; he run as fast as he could among the horses and carts, but I never lost sight of him; he was stopped at the bottom of Water-lane, by a man who he broke away from, but left the skirt of his coat in the man's hand, and ran away up Water-lane, the street pavement was up, where the paviours were at work with a light, and the prisoner ran into a hole and fell down, upon which he was taken, and the skirt of his coat was wanting.
Did you see me chuck the box down?
It was dark, I did not see it. (The box was produced and identified.)
I am a carman, and the property taken out of my cart I am responsible for.
I was coming from Billingsgate, running along, they called out, stop thief, when I came to a place where they were digging, I fell down, and a man said, you are the thief; I am as innocent of it as you are; my coat slap was not torn off till I was taken.
