I live with my father, Thomas Collings , he keeps a timber yard in Old street road . On the 10th of November last I was looking over my father's fowls, I missed a game cock; I did not hear of it till the 14th of November. I was sent word from the police office, Worship street, that there was our fowl laid dead on the table.
How it came there you do not know
No. It was a very large red and white handsome cock; I knew it by the marks very well when I saw it again. It is what they call a pile cock; these are the wings of it; I am sure it is mine.
I am a turner, I live in Club row, Kingsland road. The prisoner brought the fowl to my house on the 10th of March, there it remained till Saturday alive. On Saturday morning his wife said to the prisoner, we may as well kill this cock, I do not know why we should keep it. The prisoner asked me to kill it for him.
Did you
Yes.
Was it a game cock
I thought it was a lay cock, it was about two years old, I believe. On Saturday evening, about half after ten, he went away from my house; he took the cock with him.
I am an officer belonging to Worship street office. On Saturday, the 12th of November, between eleven and twelve at night, I met the prisoner in Kingsland road with a sack on his shoulder; I asked him what he had got in his sack; he said a cock; I asked him where he got it from; he said, from his master, where he worked, that he had given it him. I went to his master and enquired; finding that not true I detained him. I asked him how he could send me all that way to his master's, knowing it to be a lie; he said he was sorry, but now he would tell me; he then said he met a man in Kingsland road on the Thursday, that he offered to give him the cock; he said that he would not have it as a gift, he would buy it of him.
What day of the month was the Thursday
The 10th. I stopped him on the 12th, on Saturday. He said that he bargained for the cock and paid two shillings for it, and that the cock was then alive. I detained him till the Monday and then enquired; I learned that Mr. Collings had lost a cock; I immediately sent down to his house; Mr. Collings's son came to the office and identified it. These are the wings that I produce, they are red and white wings. He said he did not know the man that he bought the cock of.
I am sure they are our cock's wings.
I was going down Kingsland road on the 10th of November, I met a man coming along with a fowl under his arm; he asked me if I would have a fowl; I said, no, I did not want it, I had no where to put it; says he, you shall have it for two shillings; no, I said, I did not want it; he said you may as well take it with you. I came back and gave him a shilling and two sixpences.
Who is the man you bought it of
I do not know.
