On the 29th of December I went to William Clark 's to enquire for some linen that I had washing there; they told me it was not ready, to stop a bit and I should get it; I sent out for something to drink, they wanted me to stop all night in that house.
How was you when you went in there.
I was sober when I went there. I went to bed along with two of his children.
After drinking a good deal of beer there you got drunk.
Yes, a little.
What age was the children.
I suppose about four or five. In the morning my watch was gone out of my fob, and a guinea and a half in gold out of my pocket book, which was in my coat pocket. I had four pound notes in my breeches pocket, they were not gone; the prisoner went out very early in the morning to work, he came in at six at night, I stopped till he came in; I asked him if he knew any thing about my watch, he told me no. I got two officers, they found the watch upon him and part of the money.
Did you see them find it upon him.
No.
Then do not tell us what you do not know of your own knowledge.
Who sent for something to drink when you stopped in the prisoner's house.
Me.
Who did you find in the prisoner's house.
His wife, himself, and some children.
How much did you drink.
Two or three half pints of gin was sent for.
You missed your watch in the morning, do you recollect having it before you went to bed.
Yes.
At what time did the prisoner come home in the evening.
About six o'clock.
Have you ever said that you would make up this matter for two pound.
No.
Never in your life.
No.
I am an officer of the Thames police. On the 30th of December I was sent for when I went the prisoner was standing at his own door, when my brother officer and I went into his house; we asked him where the watch was.
Who asked him.
Gillmer; I heard the prisoner say something about going back to the privy, I told him not to let him go, we would search him first; I looked down and saw the watch chain; my brother officer directly tore the watch out, pocket and all.
I work in ballast lighters. Upon the 30th of December; I went to my work about twelve o'clock, my wife always knows me to come home at high water, she expected me that night, and coming into my own bed chamber I catched this man sleeping in my own bed where my wife and I sleep together, I catched him by the breast and asked him what business he had there, he did not speak a word to me, he appeared to be very much in liquor. There was a watch laying upon the table at a distance in the room, I took the watch, I could get no sense of him; I took this watch till I knew what he come about. I went up stairs, having a strong suspicion of jealousy, but finding her locked up in one of my lodger's rooms I went away. In the morning after my going away to my work, he arose and went up to where she lay, and sent the woman out of the house and had connection with her in the bed. I never denied having the watch to the officers; I put it in my pocket only to find the man out; he fetched this Mr. Walker and swore against me, and that he was captain of the Canary; he is neither captain nor owner, nor does he belong to the ship. At the time of my imprisonment in Clerkenwell he lived in my own house with my wife, and took her from me. He came up to Newgate to tell me if I would not prosecute him for having to do with my wife and give him some money, he would not appear against me. I have witnesses to prove the same.
Upon Gillmer coming up to him did he desire Gillmer to go backwards with him.
Yes.
Why did you not tell me that before. You represented it that he wanted to go to the privy as if to conceal something. Then he wished Gillmer to go backwards with him to the privy to talk with him. Look at this, and tell me whether this is your examination; is this Thomas Walker your hand writing.
It is.
It is there he said to Gillmer if you will go back with me to the privy I will talk with you.
Were you ever present when the prosecutor wanted to make it up with the prisoner.
Yes, Mr. Gordon came up where I lodge, and said if he had so much money as would take him into the country he would not appear against the prisoner; he said so to Mrs. Campden, Clark's mother in law.
