What is he?
A silversmith.
Where does he live?
At No. 71, Oxford-street.
Is he a housekeeper there?
Yes.
What parish is it in?
St. Mary-le-bone .
In what way were you employed?
As shopman .
Do you live in the house now?
Yes.
How long have you been with him?
Near eight years.
In December last did you live in the house?
Yes.
Did you at any time miss any of your property?
Yes.
When was that?
The 17th of December.
What time of the day?
About six o'clock in the evening.
What did you miss?
A pocket-book.
From whence?
From my box.
Where was that standing?
At the bottom of the kitchen-stairs, near the kitchen-door.
How had you left the box?
Locked.
How was it when you missed the pocketbook?
It was locked then; I was obliged to get a blacksmith to pick it.
What had become of the key?
I had lost the key as I thought out of a hole in my pocket, but I have since found it.
What was there in the pocket-book?
One ten-pound note, two five-pound notes, three two-pound notes, and five or six one-pound notes, which, I cannot be positive, all Bank of England notes, a seven-shilling piece, and a new sixpence.
How near the time of your missing them had you seen them in this box?
I had seen them the Friday before the Tuesday she went away.
You mean the prisoner?
Yes.
How long after she went away was it you missed them?
She went away on the Tuesday, and I did not miss them till the Saturday; I missed the key the morning she went away.
Was she a servant in the house?
Yes.
How long had she been so?
Near six months.
Did you ever see your pocket-book or key again?
I saw them the night she was taken, which was the 22d of December.
In whose possession?
She took the pocket-book out of her pocket, and gave it to me; I gave it to Smith, the officer.
Where was that?
At the Hole-in-the-Wall, King-street, Westminster.
Were you there when she was apprehended?
Yes.
Where did you see the key?
The key was found in her pocket by Smith; I saw him find it.
Were there any notes in it?
Eleven pounds; he opened it, and told what was in it; she was then taken to St. Martin's watch-house.
This young woman lived in the house with you?
Yes.
You were in the habit of making her presents?
Never.
Did you never give her possession of your key?
Never; there were two boxes, one at the top of the stairs with my clothes in it; the lock of that box was broke, and I have asked her to bring so and so out of my box of clothes; I slept below, and she up stairs; the other box below contained my books, and was never left unlocked; but I carelessly left the key in my great coat pocket, and I never saw it till it was produced from her.
Have you never happened to make her a present of a watch?
Never.
You never gave her permission to use your key?
Never; the Sunday preceding there was no one in the house but herself; the family were all out.
What are you?
I am one of the conductors of the patrol at Bow-street.
Did you go with the last witness to the Hole-in-the-Wall, in King-street, Westminster?
Yes, on the 22d of December.
Did you find the prisoner there?
She was sitting in the tap-room.
Did she produce any thing from her pocket?
Yes, this pocket-book. - (Produces it.)
Was any thing in it?
Three two-pound notes, and five one-pound notes.
Did you search her pockets?
Yes, I found three keys. - (Produces them.)
(To Davis.) Look at that pocket-book?
It is mine.
Is that the book you missed from the box?
Yes.
Is that the key of the box?
This is the key of my box.
Is that the key you left in your great coat?
Yes.
Can you speak to the notes?
No.
Does any body live in the house with your master as partner?
No.
What do you know of this?
I was present when she was apprehended and searched.
Did you see a key and pocket-book delivered to Davis?
Yes; we went into a back room, and she went down upon her knees, and begged several times for me to intercede for forgiveness, and said, she was sorry for what she had done, and she would get a gentleman to make up the money.
