I am foreman to the New-River Company : On the fifteenth of May, between the hours of twelve and one o'clock, I was robbed facing Shoreditch-church ; after I had paid my men at the Three Jolly-butchers, in Old-street, I was looking after some pipes that had been broke, and coming back I met this woman.
What time did you pay your men?
At eight o'clock; I went home and had my supper; I had a notice from the officer of the division, and I went to look after some pipes that had been broke, and coming back, I met the prisoner at Shoreditch-church, she asked me where I was going, I told her, to my lodging, in Hoxton-town; she asked me if I would go with her, I said, no; at the same time, she drew a pocket-book out of my pocket, and dropped it on the pavement immediately, and upon picking up the pocket-book, I missed my watch, I demanded my watch, and she said she had not got it; I then gave her in charge to the officer of the night, she was searched by the officer; I saw the watch found upon her, at the watch-house; he found it in the lining of her petticoat, at the bottom of her petticoat; it was a silver watch, No. 2353, it cost me three pounds, it had a chain, and a red seal.
The pocket-book was in your coat-pocket?
Yes.
Did you not feel your watch go at all?
No.
Could your watch have sell out of your fob at all?
No.
Were your breeches loose at all?
No.
Will you swear they were not unbuttoned at all?
Yes, that I can positively swear.
Were you perfectly sober?
Yes, I can take my oath I was quite sober.
I am one of the constables of St. Leonard, Shoreditch; I came into the watch-house just after the prosecutor and the prisoner; I searched the prisoner, and found this watch concealed in the bottom of her petticoat, between the lining and the outside of it, she said, she did not know how it came there; I have kept it ever since.
Was the prosecutor sober?
I think he was rather freshish.
I met with this man, he began to pull me about, and began to behave very blackguardly, he dragged me down a court, he pulled out his handkerchief, and said, I had robbed him of his watch, it was found coming through a hole in the bottom of my petticoat, how it came there, I don't know.
