Do you know Mr. Mousley?
Yes; he is book-keeper , at the Oxford arms, in Warwick-lane: On Wednesday, the 26th of November, I lost a flat of butter from Newgate-market ; I had observed the prisoner for about two hours the day that I lost my butter, and on the Saturday following, I saw him again, and upon seeing me, he went away; I followed him, he went into the Oxford-arms yard; I saw him take a basket of butter and put it upon his shoulder; a porter, belonging to the yard, standing by, asked him what he was going to do with that butter, he said, he came from one Dean; the porter called the master of the waggon that brought it to London; he asked him, in the hearing of the prisoner, if it was right in being delivered to a person of the name of Dean, and he said, no, it was dictected to a Mr. Casey, cheesemonger, in St. Giles's; there were four flats standing one on the other, in the yard; Mousley sent for a constable, and he was taken to the Compter.
I am book-keeper, at the Oxford-arms; the prisoner was in custody when I came into the yard; William Markham is the carrier, and I am the book-keeper for him.
You are responsible to him, are you not?
I never had a right understanding about that till last Saturday.
Was there any contract made with you when you became book-keeper, that you should be responsible for any thing that was lost?
No.
But Markham is answerable, and is paid for the carriage?
Yes.
Is Markham here?
No, he is in the country.
Do you know that that butter came in Markham's waggon?
I am certain of it; the prisoner said he came from one Dean; I asked him where Dean lived, and he made me no reply; he afterwards said, in St. Giles's.
You, as book-keeper, must acknowledge whether this butter was for Dean or not?
I was for Mr. Casey, in St. Giles's; Woodman the officer has got the flat and the cloth; there was a direction, which is on the basket now.
- I am porter, at the Oxford-arms; I saw the prisoner with the flat of butter upon his shoulder, I asked him what he was going to do with it, he said, he wanted a flat of butter for one Dean; Mr. Markham was just gone into the house, and I called to him to know if it was right; the prisoner then let it off his shoulder, Mr. Strickland came up, and he was secured.( James Woodman , the officer, produced the flat and the cloth, which was deposed to by Mousley).
I was in liquor, when I went down, I did not know I was in the yard, till after I had been in the Compter two or three hours; I did not know what I was about.
