I am a hatter .
Where did you lose these things
From the sign of the George in Jermyn street , on the 16th of November, before eight o'clock. Robert Fowler and me slept in a two bedded room; I lost a one pound note, five shillings in silver, and some halfpence; I saw it there before I went to bed; in the morning Robert Fowler got up before me and went out, he returned again; I told him what had happened; I desired him to go down and order breakfast, and take a glass of what he liked, as I wished to speak to him; I wanted to detain him; upon which he immediately went out, and when I came down I enquired of the landlord; I found he was gone.
Did you find any of your property afterwards
No; when the landlord came in I told him what happened. I have no other reason for accusing him, than no other person but me and Robert Fowler were in the same room.
When had you seen this man before
The over night when I went to bed.
You are the landlord of this house
Yes. Mr. Fowler came to lodge with me on the 3d; he lodged there that night; and on the 4th Mr. Westcoat and Mr. Fowler slept in that bed; on Saturday night likewise; Mr. Fowler went to bed first; Westcoat went to bed about a quarter before twelve.
Had you seen any money of his
Yes; on the overnight I saw a one pound note and some silver; how much silver I cannot pretend to say.
Was he sober when he went to bed
He was a little in liquor when he went to bed: he was able to know what he was about.
Any body else sleep in that room
Only them two.
What is Fowler
When he first came to us he said his friends lived in the country, they had a large brewhouse.
I was at this public house on Saturday evening; I saw Westcoat with the money in his hands, he had a one pound note and some silver. I cannot say how much.
Was he drunk
No, I cannot say he was drunk; he was very collected and knew what he said; he offered to pay his score; the landlord said no, he had better let it be till the morning; he put the money in his pocket again. In the morning Fowler went out and came in again; he went up stairs, and returned down again in about ten minutes; he saw the landlady; he told her he wanted breakfast: he went away as fast as he could towards the Haymarket; the landlord and I called after him in the street, he must have heard us; he did not turn back, he was not above thirty yards off. The landlord went into the Haymarket, collecting of pots, and happened to see him having his boots cleaned; the landlord came home; Westcoat, I, and the landlord pursued him; we found him at the Dog public house with his slippers on, he had left his boots to be cleaned; he seemed very much alarmed at our presence; we brought him back to the George and sent for Gregory the officer; as soon as he saw the officer he put some papers in the fire. Gregory had him in custody the Thursday before; he knew Gregory; the ashes of the paper were taken out of the fire; it appeared to be a forged draft that he had in his pocket; I had seen it before he was searched; and nothing was found upon him. When we came to the watchhouse we asked whether we should send for some friends; he said yes, I have a friend living in St. James's palace of the name of Latham; Latham came. In the presence of the prisoner he shewed me a note and a hat he had received from the prisoner.
I took the prisoner in custody; I searched him, I found nothing but sixpence and a few halfpence; he said he had never seen that note nor the silver; he said the sixpence he had in his pocket before, but the halfpence he picked up on the floor in the bed room. I was in the tap room when he put the paper in the fire.
I contradict almost all the evidence which they have given. In the first lace, the prosecutor says he did not ask what he spent the over night - he certainly did ask me; I told him I could not tell, as I was not there. With respect to their halloaing after me in the road, they did not, as I could hear them. I asked a parcel of boys where there was a barber's shop; from there I asked where I could have my boots cleaned, which was not above twenty or thirty yards from the place.
