- I live at No. 6, Upper John-street, Golden-square ; I am a stocking-dresser : On Thursday, the 28th of September, I received eleven pair of stockings to dress; I received then from Mr. Lonsdale, a hosier, they were silk stockings; I missed them of Saturday, the 1st of October, from my counter; I had packed them up, ready to go home to Mr. Lonsdale, about eleven O'clock in the forenoon, I missed them about twelve; I know nothing of the prisoner; I discovered six pair of Stockings, in consequence of an advertisement from Bow-street; I found the prisoner there, and the stockings; I knew them to be the same by the marks; one pair was marked W. Cubitt , and two marked C; I know them to be Mr. Cubitt's.
On the 28th of September, I sent eight pair of silk stockings to Mr. Londsdale's to be dressed; two pair of them are marked W. Cubitt , and two marked C. with common ink; I saw part of them again at Bow-street on the 6th; the prisoner was there; five pair of them belonged to me.
I am a pawnbroker, in High-street, Bloomsbury: On the 1st of October, about dinner time, a woman, not the prisoner, brought one pair of silk stockings to pledge; I asked her whose they were, and she told me she was sent with them; I told her they could not belong to a woman in her condition, and desired her to fetch the person that sent her; she went away, and took them with her; a short time after, the prisoner came, and brought me six pair of stockings; she asked me six shillings upon them; one pair is new, and one of them appeared very like the pair the other woman had brought; I asked her how she obtained them; she said she did not know how she got them; I told her they appeared to me to have been stolen from some laundress; I believe she was intoxicated, she could hardly reply to me; I then sent to Bow-street, an officer came, and she was taken into custody, and on the Monday I advertised them, which led to a discovery of the owner.
The other pair is marked S, I lost them at the same time; it stands for Sanderson.
I was coming home with my water-cresses, and found these stockings in an old handkerchief.
