I live at 203, High Holborn ; I am a leather-seller .
Did you lose a bear skin any time in April last
I did; from the door; it hung partly in and partly out, as a sign; it was worth about a guinea and a half. I saw it about seven o'clock in the evening on the 26th of April; it was safe then.
Did you see it taken away
No; I heard of it a few days afterwards; the prisoner was in custody then.
I am one of the officers of Hatton-garden office. In the afternoon of the 27th of April, about five o'clock, I was standing in Cow-cross-street, near Smithfield, at a grocer's door; I saw the prisoner going past; Thomas Ekelsoe was passing on the opposite side; the prisoner had this old bag hanging across his back, it appeared to be nearly full; I said to my brother officer look out. I stopped the prisoner just before he got in the bars of the city; he was going towards Smithfield, I touched the bag that he had on his back with a cane; I said halloa, Tom; what have you got here, dust; he said yes, master; I knew him. My brother officer hit the sack underneath, it sounded hard; I said you had better take him in the house here, and it turned out to be a bear skin. He stood a little bit amazed as if he did not know what to say; at last he said he found it under the wall of the New church, in the Strand, about ten o'clock at night.
Did he tell you where he was going to take it
No; not till after he was committed; he then said that he happened to see me stand, or else he should have taken it to the sign of the Blue Post, near where I stood, to one Wilcox, who was to give him two guineas and a half for it. Wilcox was a publican, and this was the son of the publican, who kept another house in West-street.
You are a brother officer with Trott
Yes.
Do you know any more of this business than he has told us
No. The account that he has given is the account that I would give upon my oath.
I was coming from Westminster near about ten o'clock on Monday evening. I had occasion to ease myself at the New church in the Strand, there I found it, I took it home and cleaned it. Trott asked me what I had, I said a bear skin, and some bones; he said shoot it out; I shot it out. and went with him; I said I was going to take it to Rag-fair, or somewhere thereabout, to get vend for it.
Did this man tell you it was a bear skin
No; he told me it was dust.
