- I am a sadler in the Strand , the prisoner was my foreman ; Mr. Vincent, a spur-maker, bought some spurs of a man of the name of Solomons; Mr. Vincent brought me a pair of spurs, which I knew to be ours, they had our name on them.
Are you in partnership with your brother William?
Yes.
The prisoner has been in your service sixteen years?
I have known him fourteen years; he had been in our service six years.
Upon the information of Vincent, you took up Solomon?
Yes.
And then he said he could shew you the person?
He said, he bought them of a spurmaker, of whom he had bought spurs for years; Macmanus brought him to my shop, and he fixed upon the prisoner.
I believe you continue to employ the prisoner's wife at this moment?
Yes.
On the 23d of August, as I was passing Solomon's house, in Vinegaryard, I saw a pair of spurs in his window; I asked his wife the price, and she told me four shillings and sixpence, I gave her four shillings and three-pence for them; upon taking them home, I found they were of a better quality than the price I gave for them, and upon finding Mr. Roberts's name, I took them to him, the real worth is about eight and sixpence from the manufacturer.
I live in Vinegaryard, I keep a sale-shop.
Look at those spurs?
I think I bought them.
Are you sure of it?
Yes.
Of whom?
The prisoner at the bar; I gave him three shillings for them; I knew him, he said he was a spur-maker, he did not tell me where he lived; I am sure he is the man, I have seen him, and had dealings with him for four years past for spurs; I have kept shop myself, twelve months, and I knew him before, where I was shopman.
You were taken up for this yourself?
No, I was not.
Do you know Macmanus?
Yes.
Did he not take you out of your house?
Not against my will.
Macmanus asked you to go out with him, and you did?
Yes, I went with him to Mr. Roberts's.
I dare say, if Macmanus had not come to your house, you meant to take a walk precisely that way?
No.
Did not Macmanus say, if you did not find the person of whom you bought them, he must take you to prison?
No, he said he would give me time for a little while; Mr. Roberts said, go to my shop, perhaps it is one of my men.
And then you fixed upon the prisoner in Mr. Roberts's shop?
Yes.
These are my spurs.
You do not mean to swear you had never sold them?
No.
