What are you?
A gentleman's servant ; since the commitment of the prisoner I have had some doubts respecting the identity of his person.
Had you any doubts before the commitment?
No, since the commitment.
Is any of the property here?
No.
Where were you going?
By Hampstead, from Upper Baker-street, crossing the fields in the way to Primrose-hill .
When was it?
About nine o'clock in the afternoon of Monday the 11th of October.
Did any body attack you?
Yes, a single person; I was in the act of getting under a stile; I heard a voice say stop, stop; I went on, I turned round, and saw him run; I did not at the first moment observe he had a pistol holding out towards me; knowing it was a gentleman I had before seen in the fields I did not think his intentions were to rob me, I turned about and went on a little bit; the man said, stop, d-n you stop, or I will blow your brains out; I said, what do you want with me; he said, all that you have got about you, d-n you stop and give it me or I will blow your brains out, or something to that effect; he came up to the stile with the pistol in his hand; I then stopped and gave him what I had, a metal watch, with a black shagreen case, two shillings, and two sixpences; he said, d-n you don't look at me, I am not to be looked at.
Were you a good deal alarmed?
I was a great deal alarmed; he said, don't look which way I go; he went away and I went to my wife.
Did he say any thing to your wife?
He asked her for what she had got about her; what she said I don't know, but I afterwards heard him say I won't take that.
How long, upon the whole, was he with you?
Not above two minutes.
Did you take particular notice of him?
Not at that time; I had seen the man that robbed me twice before in the fields within the hour.
Then you had an opportunity of seeing him?
Yes.
How soon after that did you see him at the Justice's?
I saw him on the Friday following at Knightsbridge.
Were you positive of his person before the Justice?
I believed he was the man.
Were you positive at that time?
I was.
What is it now makes you less positive?
I cannot justly say; I have some doubts as to the identify of the person.
You were very positive at that time, how came these doubts to arise in your mind?
It is a very serious thing.
Take care what you swear; do you or not, upon consideration, believe that is the man, for if you screen him from justice you are guilty of perjury?
I have my doubts.
From whence do your doubts arise, what makes you doubt now when you were so certain before the Justice, is there any thing you did not observe at that time in his person?
Look at him, is there any thing about his person that you, did not see at that time and that you do see now?
I have my doubts.
But from whence does that doubt arise; because unless you tell us from whence it arises, it creates a suspicion in one's mind?
I have my doubts.
Were you present when your husband was robbed?
Yes.
Look at the prisoner, is he the man?
I have not the least doubt of it.
Did you take particular notice of him?
Yes; he passed us twice in the fields.
How long was he with you?
A few minutes; I stood leaning on a stile, and looked at him all the time.
Did you particularly notice him?
I took particular notice of him all the time.
I understand your husband lost a watch, seal, and chain?
Yes.
He has never recovered any of it?
No.
Your husband entertains his doubts; you are quite sure?
I have not the least doubt.
You were sitting on the stile, not at all alarmed?
No; I stood at the stile, while my husband got over it.
You were not at all alarmed?
I was a little alarmed, but I was sure I should know the man again, having seen and twice before.
What are you?
A constable.
Where did you apprehend him?
In Brompton.
At his lodgings?
No, in the public road: On Monday, the 18th of October, I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; I took him to the Marquis of Granby, and searched him; I found nothing upon him but two shillings and a few halfpence in his pocket; no duplicates of any kind whatever.
Did not you ask him his place of abode, and did he not tell you?
No, he refused to tell me; he said he lived in the neighbourhood of Brompton, but he would not tell me where he lived, though I asked him several times; he told me if I would treat him like a gentleman, he would go quietly with me to Bow-street; I took him there, and the prosecutors both seemed to be very positive to his person.
What are you?
A cordwainer: On the 18th, coming up Knightsbridge, I met Wilkinson; he asked me to help him to take the prisoner.
Have you any more to say than the last witness said?
No.
How came you to apprehend the prisoner?
On suspicion that he was the man that robbed me; he passed me by, I looked very hard at him, thinking he was the man.
Was it by mere accident he passed by?
Mere accident.
Where do you live?
At Mr. Christie's, baker, No. 10, Queen's-row, Knightsbridge.
Do you lodge there?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner?
Perfectly well.
What is he?
He is a medical gentleman.
Did you see him on Monday, the 11th of October?
Yes; he came to my lodgings a little after one o'clock, dined with me at two o'clock, and staid with me the whole of the day; he drank tea with me at five o'clock, and did not leave my apartments till between eleven and twelve.
Are you quite sure that he did not leave your apartments?
Yes.
Who was there?
Mr. William Dewey, Catherine Poole , my daughter, and myself.
Did any body come in during the time?
Yes, the gentlewoman of the house, and Elizabeth Jenkins , the servant of the house.
How long have you known Mr. Jones?
About to three years.
During that time, has his character been that of an honest man?
Perfectly so, a man of honour and honesty.
How did you employ your time from one to eleven?
The prisoner sometimes read, and sometimes conversed.
Was he any way related to you?
No, only a particular acquaintance.
How long have you been acquainted with him?
Three years or more.
How long was William Dewey with you?
He went out about half past two o'clock.
He went out immediately after dinner then?
Yes.
Was Catherine Poole there all the time?
She denid with us, and went out at three o'clock.
Had the prisoner any business as an apotheeary there?
I believe Mr. Degby was under some disagreeable circumstances, and he had taken a lodging to avoid a write, till matters could be accomplished, and his father would come forward.
Did Mr. Dewey come back again?
Yes, about a quarter past soon; Mr. Digby, my brother, and myself thank me at five o'clock; my doughter did no turn till about ten o'clock, and and Mr. Digby waited till her return, to bring a a escape from Mrs. Digby; it was then between ten an eleven o'clock.
How soon after were you called upon to give an account of this?
This witness did attend at Bow-street, but the Magistrate said, we had better reserve ourselves till the trial, for he could not judge of it.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes; on the 11th of October, I saw him at my sister's house, Mrs. Poole's; he dined there, he came a little after one; I went away at half past two, and returned about half past four, he was then there.
You are the daughter of the lady who has been examined?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner, Mr. Jones?
Perfectly well.
Do you remember seeing him on the 11th of October?
Very well, at my mother's apartments; he came about one o'clock, and I left him there about three; I went out at the time to see a friend, and did not return till quite ten o'clock, when I found the prisoner at my mother's.
Was Mr. Dewey there when you went out?
No.
Gentlemen of the Jury, if you wish to hear any more witnesses, we will go on, but it seems to me, that there is a clear mistake in the person.
My Lord, we are satisfied.
