I am gardener to Mr. Ellill; I live in his house; the pork belonged to him, I had the care of it; it was fresh pork, it was killed the 1st of January; I cut it up, it was laid on the dresser for pickling in the dairy; on the 2d of January it was stole, but we did not miss it till the evening of the 3d; the man that was pickling it missed it; it was not all stolen; I saw the pork, that was stolen on the 11th of January, at the prisoner's house; he had two hands, two belly pieces that joined the loins, and one of the loins had been mangled about; and it fitted the leg that we had at our master's house; we only matched the leg to the loin; the prisoner confessed to the other; we found at his house the joints that we missed.
Was the prisoner at home at the time?
No, his wife was; we found the pork in a tub; he had pickled it; it was in his bed-chamber on the first floor.
Did you see the prisoner himself?
I saw him throwing up some dung at Totteridge; I told him I found some pork at his house that was my master's property; he replied that if I was to come to his house at Christmas, I should find as much beef; I told him he must go with me to the Magistrate; he readily consented, and went with me; he denied it before the Magistrate.
What is the prisoner?
He is a carter ; he lives at Totteridge, not a great way from Mr. Ellill; he was employed by Mr. Bott.
What quantity of pork might there be in his house?
I cannot justly say; I think I missed about sixty pounds; we found six joints in his house.
Had you seen him about your master's house about the 1st, 2d, or 3d of January?
No.
I was a lodger to the prisoner; my mother occasionally works at Mr. Ellill's; she was there the day after the pork was lost; the servants mentioned it to her; I cannot recollect the day of the month, it was on the first Wednesday in the new year; I saw the prisoner's wife use some pork, and on Sunday morning following I saw her salting the pork; there were twenty pounds, or more; my mother mentioned it to me, and I mentioned it again.
I am a constable of the parish of Finchley: On the 11th of February I had a warrant brought to me; I went to the prisoner's house, and found the pork behind a screen; there were six joints; his wife and two children were present, and coming down Whet-stone-lane, I apprehended the prisoner, and was taking him to prison; he wished to go to the Magistrate to inform him how he came by it; I took him to the Magistrate.
It was given to me.
