I am master of St. Andrew's workhouse , Shoe-lane ; this property was in my trust; I suppose I must be responsible for them, or lose my place.
Are they the property of the inhabitants of the parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn?
Yes; the sheets were in the prisoner's care, she was nurse to the boys ; these were the sheets of the boy's beds, in the boys ward: On the 20th of May, I missed the sheets; I asked her about them; she said she would produce them presently; the overseets said, she should not go out of the room till she said where they were, upon which she acknowledged she had pawned them; at first she laid in Fleet-street, then she said in Field-lane; she was asked for the duplicates, and she said she had lost them; she was taken before the Alderman, and the pawnbrokers were subpoenaed; they appeared, and produced the sheets before the Magistrate; William-John Reeves is a church-warden, and Charles Whittingham and Thomas Wilson are overseers.
They had the charge of those things for the parish?
Yes; I saw three of them in the pawnbroker's shop; they had the mark of Shoe-lane workhouse upon them.
I am one of the overseers of St. Andrew's; Holborn; I know nothing further than taking the account of the stock of the house, and found it as Thomas Bennett has described it; I missed six sheets.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 26, Field-lane; I took in from the prisoner at the bar three sheets, at separate times; I knew her before; I gave her three duplicates, one was pledged on the 11th of March, another the 31st of March, and the other the 12th of April.
Had they any marks upon them?
One of them was so dirty, I did not see the mark; the other two had no mark upon them; she said they were her own. - (Produces them.)
The prisoner was put into my custody the 20th of last month; I have never had the custody of the property.
Two of the sheets had the words,\"Shoe-lane Workhouse,\" stamped upon them, with this stamp upon them (producing it) the other has no mark, but we have a great deal of the same kind of cloth.
I meant to get them out in a day or two, after they were missed.
