I am an officer in the General Post-office , and know the defendant; he is a sorter of letters, and had been so before I was clerk of the Sunday duty; the town letters were charged with postage, except ship letters, and having sorted them, he had the duty of telling up the\\ amountof the country letters on Sundays; he might have taken many without being discovered; he did not stamp the letters; he never had any thing to do with the stamping.
I am inspector of the letter-carriers, and know the defendant and his employment as a sorter on Sundays for the delivery on the Monday; he had nothing to do with them on Mondays to my knowledge; I know Webster, who was an officer in the Post-office, but had no Sunday duty there; the letters came to him on the Monday that were in his district to be delivered.
- I know William Chalfont , and was employed as a letter carrier in January, February, March, and beginning of April, 1802; I had no Sunday duty, Chalfont had; he delivered letters to me many times on Sundays, which he brought from the Post-office, as he told me, and I knew it by the post marks; he put them into his pocket when he was sorting them on Sundays, as he told me; I was to cause them to be delivered on Monday in the regular course of other letters; they were not all in my district, and I delivered those that were in my district to whom they were directed; those that were not in my district I transferred to the carriers of the districts to which they belonged, and they accounted to the charge taker of the division, and he paid me the money; letters are frequently missorted, and these were treated as such; the money received for them, Chalfont had half and I half. I at that time kept a tallow-chandler's-shop; Chalfont bought soap and candles of me, and I have a book of the sums of the moiety of each in my own writing at the time - (produces his day-book.) On the 13th of January, 1802, I find a dozen of candles charged 10s. to him; on the 17th W. C. cash 1l. 7s. 6d. being half of the postage money of letters Chalfont brought on that Sunday; on the 1st of February 17s. 4d. is placed to his credit as a moiety of the postage he brought from the Office on Sunday; on the 8th, 19s. 6d. also a moiety; on the 16th, 19s. 10d.; on the 22d, 15s. 9d.; on the 8th of March, 14s. and 15s. 6d.; on the 22d, 18s. 4d.; on the 30th, 12s. 4d.; on the 5th of April, in my ledger 2l. 14s. all moieties; I paid him five guineas at one time, and 4l. at another, and he had goods from my shop, which are entered in my day-book; I paid him the money towards settling the account of the letters; Chalfont's account is drawn out from the day-book to the ledger by my order by one Berridge; I gave an account of these transactions in May last to the Post-office, near a year after it took place.
What district was your's?
Wood-street, Cheapside.
How long had you been a deliverer of letters?
Eight years.
Are you in the Post-office now?
No.
How long had the defendant been in the Postoffice?
Near twenty years.
How long have you been out of it?
About fifteen months.
How long has the prisoner?
In the month of May last.
In consequence of your information?
Yes.
And several months after you had been turned out of your place?
Yes.
You were turned out for bad practices?
Yes.
What situation of life have you been in for the last fifteen months?
None at all; twelve of the months. I lay in bed ill; since that I have had no employ.
You began to get very poor, and wanted some assistance - did you not apply to the Post-office for assistance for making a discovery?
I have not asked for any pecuniary assistance yet.
Have you not an idea they will afford you some?
I think they will do so, but not on account of coming here.
What do you expect to be recompenced for?
That is for them to consider; I am sure I have made a saving to the Office.
Did you happen to fall sick during the time you were in the Office, and be absent at all?
I have been sick and absent.
Were you ever dismissed from the Office before this?
I was once suspended.
Was that for saving money to the Office?
That is a matter I am not obliged to answer.
You are not restored?
No, nor do I expect it.
How long have you known Chalfont?
Seven years.
Were you always at home to serve him?
No.
How long is it since you kept a shop?
Two years.
Had you a name-sake in the Post-office?
Yes.
What is become of him?
I don't know.
Don't you know whether he has been hanged or not?
No.
Were you intimately acquainted with him?
Yes.
What situation was he in?
A checkclerk.
Of course he had access to the different offices occasionally?
Yes.
How long has he absconded?
I don't exactly know.
How often have you corresponded with him since he has been abroad?
Never; he wrote to me, but I never wrote to him.
You had access to the different offices when you were a letter-carrier?
Yes.
If a letter came in your way, and you had a mind to pick it up, you might do it?
I don't understand you.
In plain English, you might steal it if you were so inclined!
I certainly might, but I defy any one to bring such a charge against me.
Have you been travelling on the Continent lately?
I was never there in my life.
You have never been abroad, whatever you may be entitled to?
No.
Some of the Post-office men, who carried the letters for you, are here to-day?
They may be; I have not seen them.
They were present when you accounted to Chalfont I suppose?
No.
It was all secret?
Yes.
He gave you some receipts?
No.
What! although he was such a bad man, did you take no receipt from him?
No.
Then it all rests upon the day book for what you paid him?
No.
You have no particular entries of t e letters to any of the inhabitants of the district?
No.
Therefore you cannot tell whether a letter was directed to Mr. Thomas in Aldgate Ward, was delivered in another Ward?
No.
All you mean to say is, the letters were delivered by other men, but whether they were delivered to the direction, you cannot say?
No; I delivered some of them myself.
Will you swear that on any given day you delivered any letter to any particular individual of those letters which were embezzled?
I know letters have been delivered at Mr. Adair Jackson 's house, and I have received the money, but I cannot name any particular day.
In what way did you make up the amount?
We told the charges over toge ther, and Chalfont took an account in his way, and I in my book, to prevent mistakes; it was not with a view to bring it against him.
Did you undertake to pay him for those charges?
Yes.
Upon your oath have you in one way or other paid him half the charges?
Yes.
Was your name-sake any relation of your's?
No.
I live in Maiden-lane, and know Webster; I was employed by him to post his book from the day-book; part of this ledger is my hand-writing, and part Webster's; January 17th is mine, 1l. 7s. 6d.
You took the day-book, and made the entries from it?
Yes.
I am Superintending-president of the Inland Office; the defendant was employed in January, February, March, and April, 1802, on Sundays, to sort letters brought by the mails that arrived on that day, to be delivered the Monday following. The letters ought to have remained in the Inland Office locked up. Thomas Webster , the witness, was employed, but had no Sunday duty. Buxton Webster was not in the Office in January, 1802; but previous to that he had Sunday duty; he was discharged the 5th of April, 1801. Any person employed on Sundays could take letters. The letters are sorted in twelve letter-carriers divisions, and are then sorted in to walks; mistakes are frequently made, and they hand them over to the charge-taker, and he gives them over to the others. Webster in January last made a disclosure after he was dismissed from his office; in consequence of his disclosure, Chalfont was sent for; Mr. Freeling, Mr. Parkin, and myself were present. Webster produced his daybook, and accused Chalfont of fraud in the course of his Sunday duty, saying, that he had taken letters for London delivery to Webster's-house, where they cast up the amount, and divided it on the Monday; such letters as were not in Webster's own delivery, he passed to the charge-taker, and such as wore he delivered himself, or by the persons under him. Items were read from the ledger and day-book, as sums Chalfont had credit for in respect of the\\ amountof these letters, and was explained to be one half of the\\ amountof the postage of letters taken away on the Sunday. Chalfont being confronted without any promise being made him, and being asked what he said to the charge, acknowledged he had participated in postage in the manner stated, but said the amount was not so great.
Is there any situation of subsorter?
Yes, the defendant was a sub-sorter, which is perfectly distinct from a sorter; sorters are often employed in charging the number of letters that come on Sundays, which are told, and we know the\\ amountof postage, and any deficiency would be discovered on the Monday upon the retelling the letters; we have no account of the number sent from the different places; they are first told, and then sorted. Webster was a discharged servant when he made the disclosure, and I have a recollection of his being suspended before.
