Were you robbed at any time?
Yes; on Saturday the 20th of August.
Where were you going?
I was going to Kingsland .
Was it in the foot-path in the road, or across the fields?
Across the fields; a good distance from any road.
Was it a field through which there was a foot-path, or not?
There was a foot-path.
A common footpath for Kingsland?
Yes.
What time of day was it?
Between four and five o'clock in the afternoon; the prisoner met me, and asked me for my money.
Are you sure the prisoner was the man?
Yes.
What did he do, or say?
He said, give me your money; I told him I had got no money; he said, he knew I had got money; I said, no, I had got none; he then took a knife out of his pocket.
He had not taken it out before?
No.
Was it open?
I did not see the blade.
Are you sure it was a knife?
Yes; I saw the handle of it.
Was it a large or a small one?
It was a smallish handle; I put my hand in my pocket to feel for my money.
How came you to put your hand in your pocket then for your money, when you had not done it before?
I suppose I was afraid.
What money did you take out?
A half-crown, a shilling, and a sixpence.
Did you give it him?
No; I threw it down upon the ground, he stooped to pick it up, and I made off for Kingsland; I thought he was coming after me, I looked round, and saw him running away; I turned back, and cried stop thief, murder.
Was any thing more said by him before you left him?
Yes; he asked me for more, when I threw the money down; I said I had no more; he asked me for a seven-shilling-piece; I said, I have got no seven-shilling-piece, you villain; that was all that passed till I called stop thief.
Had you a seven-shilling-piece?
No.
Did you know the man before?
No.
How long might this transaction take up?
Not much more than a couple of minutes, I suppose.
Have you any doubt whether the prisoner is the person or not?
No, I have not.
Did you run after him?
I did.
Did you see any body stop him?
No, I did not; he got over the hedge, and the people pursued him.
How soon after was he taken?
I believe, about five minutes afterwards.
Did you see him about five minutes afterwards?
Yes.
Was there any mark upon your money by which you could know it?
NO.
You were a great deal alarmed, I take it for granted?
Yes.
When you threw your money upon the ground, are you able to say whether he had taken out his knife?
I am positive he had taken a knife out of his pocket before I put my hand in my pocket.
What do you know about this?
I was at the ground adjoining, at work.
Did you see or hear any thing that attracted your attention?
Yes; I heard a loud cry of stop thief, murder; I saw the prisoner and the lady, she was running after him, and he was running away from her; I came up to the lady, and asked her if that was the man that had robbed her; she said, yes, it was a man in a smock srock, and sore eyes; I then ran towards the prisoner, there were people nearer then I was; I cut across another field, and met him just as he was taken, he had got over the bank; I returned to meet the lady, and asked her what she was robbed of; she told me four shillings; I saw something in his pocket, and took it from him; it was an oyster-knife and a sheath.
It was not a clasped knife?
No; the knife was in his right-hand breeches-pocket, and the sheath in his left; he put his hand to his left-hand pocket, and gave me the sheath, and said, you may as well take that with you.
I was in my own house, about a furlong from this field, and heard a cry of stop thief; I immediately ran out of the house, and saw the prisoner.
Did you see any woman?
No, I did not; Mr. Elliot and I pursued him, and took him.
When you took him, did you observe him do any thing?
In the scussle we tumbled both together; he had got one of his hands shut, we were going to lay hold of his hand, when he drew his hand back, and threw some money against the pales; I immediately picked up a sixpence, a young man got over the pales and gave me a half-crown over, I saw him pick it up.
How near was that to the pales?
It might be a yard off.
I was busy in my hay employ: I heard the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner running, and I pursued him.
Were you one of those who took him?
Yes.
Did any thing happen in the taking of him?
He had not an opportunity; I collared him, and Atwell pushed out of his own house immediately and assisted me; I saw his hand closed, I said to Atwell, he has got something in his hand; I endeavoured to open his hand, and he threw himself upon the ground in the struggle; Atwell then left me and picked up some money, while I held the prisoner upon the ground.
Did you see any thing else picked up?
No, I did not; I heard of a half-crown being picked up, but I did not see it; I did not see the knife taken from him, but I saw the sheath; he said, you may as well take this with it; that was while I held him by the collar.
I know nothing of it any more than the prisoner was delivered to me by these people.
How was he dressed?
In a smock frock.
