BUCKHART sworn. I live at No. 14, Northumberland-street, in the Strand , I am a jeweller . On the 16th of March last I went into the country; before I went out, I gave the servant leave to go out, I left the house in the charge of my servant; I came back at seven o'clock in the evening, but I did not go home then, I was sent for at half after ten o'clock to come home, that my house was robbed: I returned home and went to my bed room, because I keep my best silver there, I there found the mahogany wardrobe broke open, and my drawers were broke open and they were empty; when I went out in the morning they were full.
Your indictment is about a pair of breeches, I see in the commitment there is a charge of silver.
Yes, but the small clothes is the only article found upon the prisoner, and among the articles that I lost was a pair of patent cord small clothes, they cost me between forty and fifty shillings; I gave notice to different offices, but I have not been able to learn any thing who was the thief or what has became of my property; I was lead to Bow-street, where three people were brought up as housebreakers, and the prisoner at the bar wore a pair of small clothes which attracted my notice when he was before the magistrate; in consequence of that I had them examined, they were lined with white calico, and so was mine, they were too large for him, and the buttons to which the gallowses were fastened were white metal, and there was a little spot on the right knee, which I got on them the first time I wore them.
Did they appear to be yours.
They did.
I produce the breeches, I took them from the prisoner at the Brown Bear at Bow-street, last Monday.
(to prosecutor) Was this part of the property that you lost.
They are.
You went out early in the morning.
I went out about twelve o'clock in the day.
You have spoken of their value, may I ask you what you paid for them.
Upwards of forty shillings.
You had worn them twice and injured the value of them to a purchaser.
I might.
These breeches are a common colour, you stated that you knew them by a white calico lining, a little spot, and a white metal button, did you ever see any breeches lined with any other calico than white, there is nothing peculiar in their having white calico lining.
I do not know; the last time I wore them I rode to Windsor and back again, the lining doubled under my seat, I found the inconvenience of it, in consequence of which I wore them higher, and the front button was torn out, and it is torn out now.
These are very common sort of breeches.
I should not have taken notice of them except from the circumstances I have mentioned.
You lived with Mr. Buckhart at this time.
Yes.
Tell us what you recollect happening on this Sunday.
I went out between the hour of one and half after one in the middle of the day, I made every door and window fast, I double locked the street door; on returning home in the evening a little after ten o'clock, I found the door on the single lock, I went in and struck a light, I perceived the back parlour door open and two cupboards.
You found the house in such a state that you supposed somebody had been there.
Yes, when I went into the back room, I went to the door directly and called the watchman, I told him somebody had been in the house, there was some gentlemen came from over the way, they went up stairs and found the drawers of the wardrobe were broken open, they were all empty.
(to prosecutor) What had been in them drawers.
Plate and linen were in some of the drawers, and in others my clothes.
We went into the front room, them drawers were broken open likewise, and different things were missing; we came down into the kitchen, we found they had been in the kitchen and opened every drawer in the kitchen; they took out of the cupboard in the kitchen four tea spoons, and one table spoon out of the kitchen drawer; I sent for my master.
I am one of the patroles belonging to Bow-street; we apprehended the prisoner on the 11th of this month, he had the breeches on him, he is detained for something else.
(to prosecutor) What was the\\ amountof your loss.
It cannot be less than between two and three hundred pounds.
The prosecutor in one place observed that there is a button which is nearly coming off, which supports the gallowses, which is in consequence of his wearing his breeches so high; when I had these breeches this button was perfectly fast, and it is lose now, in consequence of the heavy irons they put on me at Bow-street; I purchased these breeches promiscuously, in the middle of the street of a Jew, I saw them hanging across the man's arm, they attracted my attention seeing them a good pair of breeches, to the best of my knowledge I gave twenty-three shillings for them, if they are stole it is unknown to me.
(to Lavender.) Had he heavy irons on before you took off the breeches.
Yes, he had an iron on about a week, and he wore these breeches, because we knew nothing about them breeches.
