I am the wife of Thomas Basset Read, shoemaker , No. 37, Beech street , the prisoner was my servant ; she had lived with me five weeks only. On Sunday the 30th of October, I went into her room, I saw her key in the box and I opened it I saw a pair of brown velvet shoes; I took them out, I knew them to be our property; I looked further, and found two other pair, black velvet and black Spanish; I then went into the parlour and informed Mr. Read; there were several other things belonging to me, but I did not take any account of them.
Did you leave the shoes in the box
I did not. I took them down with me. Mr. Read sent for her up stairs and asked her how she came by these shoes; she said she had them before she came into our service, some she bought and some she had given her. Mr. Read sent for a constable; he found a duplicate in her pocket, where she had pawned three other pair, which afterwards proved to be ours, and a handkerchief of my daughters.
Had you any character with her
I had a character, but not from the last place; I desired her to go before her time was expired; she would not; I thought she staid with a view of getting more shoes. I do not know what else it could be.
READ. After my wife had shewed me the shoes I called ke up and asked her where she had got them shoes; she said one pair was gave her by a young man, two pair she bought of Mr. Neave in Whitecross street; knowing them to be my property I sent for an officer, I desired the officer to search her; among other things she pulled out this small box, containing three duplicates, one for three pair of shoes. I then took the officer up stairs with me, with the shoes, to examine her box. Mrs. Read described that she found the shoes in such a manner in the box; she said no, they lay in such a way; I said, then you confess the shoes were in your box, she said yes; I said officer take notice of that, fearing as the shoes had been removed from the box she might say they were not in the box.
You are a pawnbroker
Yes, I live at Mrs. Fothergill's, 106 Aldersgate street. On the 12th of October, I took in three pair of shoes; I took them in of a woman; I have seen the prisoner's face, before but I cannot swear that she pledged the shoes; they were tied up in this handkerchief.
These shoes that my mistress accuses me with, the pair of brown velvet I had given me, and two pair I bought of Mr. Neave when I had been there a fortnight; on the Tuesday evening I went out, I met with a person that I never saw before in my life; she said she had a duplicate that I should have for three shillings: I bought the duplicate of her. I can take an oath I never saw the shoes before.
