Mr. Powell, you produce a copy of the record from the Office for London and Middlesex?
I do.
Did you examine it with the original record?
I did.
Do you know the prisoner, Mary Mead ?
Perfectly well; the prisoner is the same person that was convicted in May Session, 1801, at Clerkenwell, on her second offence, for uttering counterfeited money; this is the copy of the record; I was present at the time of the trial, and when the sentence was passed she had two years imprisonment, and to find sureties for two years more.
Were you present at the first time she was convicted?
I was; that was in September, 1789.
Did you take in your hand a piece of parchment, and find exactly the words, from the beginning to the end, that is that copy?
Yes.
You are a servant employed by Mrs. Kippin, No. 82, in the Minories ; does she keep a tallow-chandler's shop?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar, Mary Mead?
Only from her coming to buy half a pound of candles, on the 5th of February, about nine o'clock in the evening; when she came in, she said she wanted half a pound of eights candles; I handed her the candles, and she gave me a seven-shilling piece; I carried the seven-shilling piece to my mistress, and I said to her, that woman is a strange customer.
Did you look at the seven-shilling piece?
I did not take particular notice of it; my mistress gave me four shillings, and five sixpences.
Was there any thing remarkable about the shillings or sixpences?
One of the shillings was bent one way only, the others were flat, and the sixpences likewise; I gave the silver and a halfpenny to the prisoner, and half a pound of candles, which made up the seven-shilling piece; when she had got the candles, she said she never gave more than ninepence a pound for the candles; I said I could not sell them for less than elevenpence a pound; she took up one shilling and laid it down again; I took up the money, the four shillings and the five sixpences back again; upon her saying that, I supposed it to be the same; I did not look at it; I took it to my mistress; my mistress found the bad shilling; then I took the bad shilling back to her; I said she had changed one of my mistress's shillings; she began to stutter, and could not give me a plain answer; she was like as though she had an impediment in her speech.
What did you do with that shilling you brought from your mistress?
I laid it on the counter, and was sent out for an officer.
Do you know enough of that shilling, which you brought from your mistress the first time, bent as you described, and the shilling that your mistress complained of, how was that bent?
The shilling that I first gave her was bent one way only, whereas this was bent two ways; the officer has that shilling.
You fetched the constable did you?
Yes, his name is Kinnersley; he took her into the private room to search her; the constable called me, he thought he heard something fall from her; I looked, and I found a shilling by the right-hand corner of the fire.
What sort of a shilling was it?
The same shilling that was passed on me, and was changed for my good one.
Was the good shilling found on this woman afterwards?
No, it was found in her mouth.
Have you got the four shillings here?
I have got none of them.
Do you know whether the four shillings are good or not?
My mistress looked at them particularly; I did not; I took them from her as good ones.
Whether good or bad you do not know?
They were all good to the best of my knowledge.
Did you take notice of them at all particularly?
No, I did not.
You keep a tallow-chandler's shop in the Minories?
Yes.
Did you see the prisoner at the bar on the 5th of February?
Yes, my servant brought me a seven-shilling piece to change, and I gave him four shillings and five sixpences.
Were there any marks about any of your shillings?
Yes; one was a bent shilling, bent all one way.
Were the four shillings all good ones?
Yes, I am quite sure they were; and so were the sixpences; I saw Clayton take the change to her; the partition between the back room and shop is glass; he came back almost immediately to me, with four shillings and five sixpences.
Were they the same four shillings you had given before to Mary Mead ?
All excepting one, and that was bent both ways, whereas mine was bent only one way; I went to her with the money, I told her I had not given her a bad shilling; she told me it was the same; I told her positively it was not, for that all my shillings were good; with that, I told my young man to go for an officer, that I suspected her to be a person that was uttering bad money. While he was gone, she told me she did not think it was a bad shilling; I told her it was, and that it was not the shilling that I gave her; she asked me to let her look at it, and I gave it to her, and she put it into her mouth, I observed two shillings in her mouth; and after she had put this shilling into her mouth she laid me down my own shilling again, and said, I do not think it is a bad one; I told her, no, that was not, for that was the shilling that I had given to her; then the officer came, and he saw it.
Did you afterwards see the shilling that was produced by the officer?
Yes.
Was that the shilling, that you saw afterwards by the officer, the shilling that was brought back to you from the prisoner?
It was; it was bent both ways.
Did you take particular notice of her during the whole time till the officer came?
Yes; having a suspicion of her I watched her all the time.
Have you brought the four shillings here?
No.
Have you brought the one shilling that is good here?
Yes.
You have not brought the three, part of the four shillings?
They were all flat shillings, and good.
Do you keep any till in your shop?
Yes; but there was no silver in it at that time.
We wish to know whether the servant, (the last witness) , had an opportunity of changing the the silver before he had given it to her?
He had not that opportunity.
I am a constable: I was sent for on the 5th of February, I went, and saw the prisoner in the shop, I was informed that she was a woman that passed bad money; I took her into a back room, I told her I must search her, I searched both her pockets; she stood with her left side towards the fire, and she put her left hand up to her mouth and chucked something into the fire, upon which, I heard the found of money; I immediately called for assistance, and Clayton came in, as there was no other person in the room but myself, I was positive there was money of some sort, either in the ashes or in the fire; Clayton looked in the ashes under the fire-place and could not peceive any thing; I said look in the fire, he found this shilling in it, and he took it out with the fire-tongs, and delivered it to me, I have had it in my custody ever since; I searched her every where but found no bad money: she had half-a-guinea, a seven-shilling-piece, and three-pence, and some soap, the money was good, and marked with a Y; she was very insolent and saucy at first, afterwards she behaved very well.
Have you searched a great many for uttering bad money?
Yes, three before.
Did you ever find half-a-guinea, and a good many seven-shilling-pieces on their persons?
No, never.
Nor will you ever in your life again.
Is that the shilling that you took out of the fire?
It is; and it is the shilling that I took to my mistress the second time with the change.
Look at that shilling; Is that the shilling that was brought to you by the last witness?
It is.
You know it by its colour, do not you?
I know it by taking it out of the fire.
The question is whether this is the shilling that you took to your mistress from the prisoner, and you know it by its colour?
I know it by its being bent.
Do you know it by the colour?
It was not of this colour at first.
If this had been burnt for seven years it could not have been a worse colour.
I believe you are one of the Moniers of the Mint; look at that, and tell me whether that is a counterfeit?
It is a counterfeit.
No doubt of it, it is all copper every bit.
Have you not got another shilling?
Yes; I should have produced it, but it was not called for; I received this from Clayton.
Is that the shilling that you received from your mistress, being one of the four shillings?
That is the self-same shilling.
Look at that shilling, and tell me whether that is one of the four shillings that you gave to Clayton?
It is.
Is that a good shilling?
That is doubtful.
One is a bad shilling, and the other is doubtful.
