- I live at No. 13. Brick-lane, Old-street : On Friday, the 9th of this month, about a quarter before seven o'clock in the morning, I left my watch in the privy, about three quarters of an hour, as near as I can guess; I went back to look for it, and it was not there; I then went to the prisoner's door, she was not at home; I then went to all the lodgers in the house; I keep the house; I could not find it; I came down stairs and sent my wife for the prisoner; I found my watch at the pawnbroker's, the same morning, I knew it to be mine; the prisoner lodged in the house adjoining.
Have you ever seen the prisoner in your house?
Yes, too often; I had not seen her that day.
Does this privy belong to both houses, or only to your house?
To both.
It is quite open, and people can come out of the street into it?
Yes.
I am the wife of the last witness; in consequence of information, I went to look for the prisoner; I found her, and asked her if she could tell me who left the privy when she went in; she said, a brewer's servant had been there; I asked her if she had seen the watch, I she had, I would make her any recompense she required; she positively told me she had not, she said, she wished she had, she would have given it me again.
I am servant to Mr. Spinks: On Friday the 9th of September, about eight o'clock in the morning, a woman brought this watch, (producing it;) I cannot speak positively to the woman, having never seen her before; the prisoner resembles the woman, but I cannot swear to her, we were very busy that morning; the prosecutor, accompanied by another person, came to our shop and enquired if I had taken in a watch, giving a description of the watch, and of the maker's name; I immediately turned round, and shewed them the watch, the prosecutor immediately owned it.
- I am an officer belonging to Worship-street: On the 9th of September, the prosecutor came to me, stating, that he had lost a watch; I went to a public-house in Old-street-square, and apprehended the prisoner; she was sitting between two men in the tap-room; I told her the prosecutor had given charge of her for taking his watch from the privy; she said she had seen no watch at all; I then produced my staff, and told her I must take her into custody; she then said, she had taken it from the privy, and pledged at Mr. Spinks's, the corner of Golden-lane, in Barbican; she delivered me the ticket, (produces it;) it was pledged in the name of Ann Gray; she said, she had paid a little debt that she owed with the money.(The watch was identified by the prosecutor .)
I found the watch.
