I am beadle of the parish of St. Paul, Covent-garden: I attended the Coroner, and was bound over by the Corner to bring the witness here; I do not know any thing of the fact.
I am a corporal in the third regiment of foot-guards; the prisoner is a private in the same regiment ; On the 1st of April last, the prisoner and two other men had orders to come to the Savoy prison with arms and accountrements for all of us; I had the command of the party; when we got there we were supplied with six rounds a-piece of powder and ball; we had the charge of two prisoners from the serjeant; we primed and loaded our firelocks before them; we had orders, if they were to resist or run away, or if they got out of our reach, to fire upon them immediately; we were to take them to Chester, or else to give them up to the first troop or company that we should meet with on the road that was not under marching orders.
What were these persons in prison for?
For desertion; I delivered them at Coventry to a party of the 13th light dragoons, and received back two prisoners from them to convey to the Savoy; they were deserters.
Having received these two deserters, what did you do?
I received the same orders from the adjutant of the 13th light dragoons, to prime and load before them, which we did; the deceased, William Jackson , was one of the deserters.
Did your party come up armed in the same manner all the way?
Yes; we got to London on Monday, the 5th of May; we were going down James-street towards the Savoy, when we got facing Hart-street, the deceased slipped his hand from the handcuffs, each of them had a hand in the handcuff.
Was the handcuff too large?
Yes; he slipped his hand out, and ran away out of my reach.
What time might this be?
About a quarter before seven in the morning; Thomas Cox and John Broadbent marched in front of the deserters; I was in the rear, and so was the prisoner, in file with me; the deceased ran to the right, up Hart-street; I ran after him; by that time Baxter was behind me; I went several yards, I cannot say how many, I was in a slurry at the time, and cannot say how many yards, it might be eight or nine.
How many yards might he be before you?
He might be between twenty and thirty yards, he gained ground considerably upon me, for I was loaded at the same time; Baxter was behind me, and I did not know what he was about till I saw the man drop in front of me, before I heard the report of the piece; I turned round to see where the report came from, and likewise to see if the other prisoner was safe.
At what distance was Baxter at that time?
A considerable distance; he was with the party at the time; I went up to the deceased and found him quite dead.
What accoutrements had you?
We were loaded with our belts and guns, and our knapsacks with necessaries.
Do you think you could have secured him by pursuit?
Certainly we could not, we were so fatigued, for we had been up three nights watching over them, because we could not get a prison to put them in, and we were afraid of being punished if we lost them.
Were there any passages that he could have gone up and escaped?
Yes, I believe there was one very near where he dropped, I am not sure, I am not much acquainted with that part; at Dunstable they tried to break out of the cage from us, and we were obliged to alarm the town.
You had no particular knowledge of the deceased?
I never saw him before in my life that I know of.
What would have been the punishment upon you if you had let him escape?
It depends upon what the gentlemen of the Court-martial please.
I think, by the articles of war, it is death, or such other punishment as the Court-martial may think fit.
I told them, the men, to prime and load every morning, and the deserters told me they knew that part of the duty very well, for they had been upon such duty themselves.
He knew, therefore, the consequence of his attempting to run away?
Certainly; I received a paper with them, which we call a rout, and delivered it to the provost.
I live in James-street, Covent-garden; I am a painter and glazier: On the 5th of May I was near the corner of Hart-street; I saw some soldiers coming down James-street; with deserters, and one of the deserters ran down Hart-street; I then saw one of the soldiers run after him; I heard the piece go off, and saw some soldiers hold of another man by the collar; I went up and observed a man lying dead on the ground, he appeared to me to be dead at least; I turned round, and saw all the soldiers rather in a consternation; I staid about there, walking backwards and forwards, for the course of seven or eight minutes, till the guard came and took the body; I heard a soldier turn round and say he had shot him, but I should not know him again.
At what distance from the corner of Hart-street was it?
It might be twenty or twenty-two yards.
I have nothing more to say in my defence man my corporal has said.
I bear the commission of Provost-marshal to the brigade of Guards; I received from Macdonald a certificate of two deserters to be received.
Suppose they had suffered a deserter to escape, what punishment would have been inflicted on them?
According to the diseretion of a Courtmartial.
Can they go so far, by the articles of war, as to punish with death?
I believe they can.
What punishment do you recollect to have been inflicted for such an offence?
I have known four or five hundred lashes.
You have been used to receive these certificates?
Yes.
Is it quite regular?
Not quite; there is a not a bene in that rout which is not in routs in general; the difference is, that these two men had been tried by a Court-martial, and found guilty, and were to be sent to Chatham to serve abroad.
