I am a shipwright : On Monday the 4th of January, I met the prisoner in St. George's-highway; I had known him before; he asked me to give him something to drink; we went to the Three Swedish Crowns, and after some time, I fell asleep, with my elbow on the table, and my head upon my hand.
Were you in liquor?
I was intoxicated; I am troubled with epileptic fits, and I was not my own master; I had not drank above a third part of a shilling sworth of spirits before I came into the man's company, and I drank with him a share of half-a-pint of brandy; I looked at my watch while I was in the house, to see what it was o'clock, and I pulled out my pocket-book to pay the reckoning, in which I had two rings, and a guinea and a half; I do not recollect how much I paid; the prisoner waked me, and came out of the house with me; I went to my lodgings, and he left me; when I got to my lodgings, I missed my property.
Where were your lodgings?
In Wellallev, Wapping.
Does the prisoner speak English?
Yes; but at that time he spoke broken French, which I had learned while I was in a French prison.
I am a ship-rigger; I know the prisoner perfectly well, and I know White is a ship-carpenter: On the 4th of January, I was at the Three Swedish Crowns, in Old Gravel-lane; I saw White asleep, he was a little in liquor; when he came into the house, he had a glass of brandy, and then fell asleep; after he had been asleep some time, the prisoner pulled him up, but he made no answer; the prisoner then put his hand into White's Waistcoat-pocket, and pulled out a shilling and a half-crown; he then took out a silver handled pen-knife; he put his hand into White's coat-pocket, and took out a black pocket-book, he held it under the table, and opened it; I saw a guinea and a-half, and two rings in it; the prisoner said, \"De people in dis\"country take money never to return it again;\"Massa White tinks he loses his money; poor\"George Brown, as soon as he go aboard de brig,\"give him his money again to-morrow;\" upon that I asked him, if he belonged to John White, he told me, yes, he was cook of the brig that White belonged to; he desired me to come on board the brig the next morning, and bring another rigger with me; accordingly I went on board the brig the next morning with another rigger; I enquired for George Brown, the black cook, but I could not find either him or John White; coming home again, I fell in with White, upon which he told me the black man had robbed him; I then told him all I knew; about two days after, another black man was taken into custody, and kept for ten days till the prisoner was taken; I apprehended him myself in Denmark-street, Ratcliss-highway; he swore I had never seen him, and tried to get away.
Can you swear the prisoner is the same man?
I can, with a clear conscience.
What ship did you belong to?
The Race-horse.
Was the Race-horse the brig the prisoner sent you on board of?
No, to the best of my knowledge it was the Quaker.
I had been on board the same ship with the prisoner, about two years and a half before.
Do you know any think of the brig called the Quaker?
Yes, I was in her last summer.
