- I live at No. 19, Cheapside , and keep a house; I pay the rent myself; the goods were taken from the warehouse under the private house; the prisoner left my service, and I gave him a character.
I have been in the Excise; I slept in the room where the boxes were found; I cannot say when it was, as I was there but five weeks; I have frequently seen the prisoner and Adams open the boxes in my lodging at the Red Lion, in Whitecross-street; the prisoner was in the hospital, but came out, and stopped a few days, and went into the country; he stopped there about ten days or a fortnight; he slept in the house where the box was, but not in the room; a young man and I were frequently disturbed by their coming into the room after we were in bed; the first part of the time there was no lock on the door; we had one put on; they frequently wished to be let in before we were up; I have sometimes let them in; the last time I did so, Roberts opened the box, and put some goods in it; one parcel appeared to be like a roll of linen, and the other was tied up in a handkerchief, which he took out of a flag basket.
When you first knew the prisoner he was in the hospital?
Yes; the box I understand belonged to him.
Did you ever go by the name of Isaac?
No.
Were you taken into custody for the these?
Yes, I was, being in the room where the things were found.
I am a City officer, and executed a warrant at the Red Lion, Whitecross-street; in the two-pair-of-stairs front room there were three boxes, and Hayward in it; Spicer, the landlord, came up with me; I asked him who the boxes belonged to, he said two belonged to Roberts, and Hayward said one belonged to him; we opened the boxes, and found several articles, and among them the cloth.
Spicer is in custody?
Yes.
It was Hayward's room?
Yes, as he told me.
I apprehended the prisoner at his master's, in Houndsditch, on the 2d of July.
He was then in a respectable employ?
He was, and had been there two or three days.
I am warehouseman to Sage, Rawdon, and Jennings; I went to the Mansion-house, and saw the cloth there; the prisoner left us about the 21st of February last. On the goods being produced about the latter end of June, a piece of Irish linen was shewn, about eight or ten yards, which was sealed with the name of a correspondent of our's, marked 37 with a pencil, and J. G. No. 207, with an F. which has a stain upon it; the piece of cloth produced has those marks upon it; we have taken stock since, and that piece is missed.
I leave my defence to my Counsel
