On Saturday afternoon last, between two and three o'clock, I had a call to go to the river side to look after some people I had at work carrying deals; I am foreman to Messrs. Henry and Joseph Fletcher ; they are in partnership; the prisoner at the bar then stood along-side a pile of planks, twenty-nine in number; I saw him standing there.
He was not employed then?
Not then; I had employed him; I went away, and returned again in about three or four minutes after; I was informed by a man who met me, that a man had taken a plank from the pile; I asked in what direction he went; he told me; I pursued him, and desired the man to follow me; about one hundred and fifty yards from the place, in an alley, called Green-Dragon-alley, I saw the prisoner standing with the plank, one end on the ground, the other against the wall, in the alley, about three yards from the top; he was bending below the plank to ake it on his shoulder; he listed himself from underneath the plank; I took hold of him; when he saw me, he came from underneath, and I seized him by the collar; the plank was between us; he catched hold of the slap of his breeches; he told me two men had left it there while he was making water; he entreated me much to let him go, and said he was distressed; I kept hold of him; I did not wish to leave him; in the course of two minutes, the people gathered round, and a Marine-Police officer took him in custody; we took the plank and the prisoner to the office, as such I was bound over to prosecute him.
Do you know the plank?
Yes; there is a mark in chalk across the middle with a figure, signifying the length; that figure is made before they come to us, to shew the measurement.
Did you count the number of planks when you came back?
Yes, there were two missing.
How long was it before that you counted them, and knew the number there?
It might be two days.
I was by the waterside on this Saturday afternoon; I saw the prisoner bring a plank away; he first knocked a plank off the pile on the ground, and then he took it on his back, and walked away with it from Mr. Fletcher's premises; he went to the corner of a little alley; I gave information of it to Mr. Pybus in two or three minutes.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man you saw take it?
Yes.
Was it day-light?
Yes, about three o'clock; I followed with Mr. Pybus in pursuit of him; he sent me for assistance; I got three men, and then he got an officer to take him.
Did you see me take it from the place?
Yes, I did; I was in a barge.
I am an officer belonging to the Thames-Police Office; he was delivered to me, and taken to the Office by Mr. Pybus.
I was looking for employ, and a man told me if I would take this plank over to Green's, he would give me something to drink; I leave it to the mercy of the Court and Jury.
