I live at Hampstead ; I am a labouring man ; I have a wife and one child.
On the 9th of May what time did you leave the house in the morning
At seven o'clock. When I went out my wife and child was out, she had gone to her work; I locked the door and took the key with me. We have only one room in the house; there are six families in the house; Mr. Kerrison is the landlord, he does not live in the house.
What time did you return
About twelve o'clock at noon; I returned to get my dinner, I found my door was broken open; it was shut to and latched, and the staple was laying on the floor. My wife missed the property first; she came home at nine o'clock at night.
Do you know the prisoner
She lived next door to where I live.
Your husband told us you returned about nine o'clock in the evening did you
Yes; I examined my room; I lost two dimity petticoats of the child's, a frock, a flannel petticoat, and two shirts, all the child's things; on Thursday I took up the prisoner, I have seen none of the things since.
I live in the same house with Dimmock.
Do you know the prisoner
I do; she lived next door to me. On the 9th of May, about eight o'clock in the morning, I was coming into the house from the bakehouse, I met her at the door, she had a large bundle in her lap, it seemed to me to be white linen, wrapped up in her apron; she came very fast; she apparently came from Mrs. Dimmock's room; Dimmock's room is on the ground floor, to the left; she seemed to turn from the left. I went up stairs and took no further notice.
I am an officer of Hatton-Garden office. I apprehended the prisoner on Thursday the 11th of May, I searched her lodgings, I found nothing; I asked her what she had done with the property, she told me that she had sold them to a ragman for ten-pence; I asked her what she had in a large bundle when she came out of Dimmock's house; she said she had been to the baker's for a loaf; I took her to the baker's and enquired whether she had bought a loaf there that morning; the baker said she had not been there.
I was going up the town between seven and eight o'clock in the morning for tea and sugar; coming home I picked up a few things on the dunghill. Mrs. Dimmock's mother tells fortunes, and carries gingerbread nuts about; I went and talked with her; I met Mrs. Martin coming out of the house, she said good morning to me. On Tuesday Mr. Dimmock came to me and said I had taken his soldier's great coat; and when his wife came she came and abused me, and asked me for the things; I told her I had not seen them; whether they were red or white I know not. On Thursday afternoon I was sitting mending my clothes; Mr. Read and Dimmock came up stairs; they searched my place; I had nothing but my own; Mr. Read took me to Tottenham Court Road, from one pawnbroker to another. I am as clear of it as a child unborn.
