I live at No. 16, South-street, Manchester-square: On the 21st of November, I was in the parlour at the Bedford arms, in South-street, between five and six o'clock; the prisoner came in a little after me, who I did not know, and several neighbours came in soon after, who use the room; the landlord paid me a one pound note and half-a-guinea, which he owed me, and presently the prisoner changed his place, and came and sat next to me on my right-hand; he saw the landlord pay me, and saw me put the note in my pocket-book, and put my book in my left-hand waistcoat pocket, which is very deep; about an hour after, I wanted to go home, I got up, and left Moody sitting; I was in the center of the room, and began feeling for the half-guinea to pay the reckoning; I did not know which pocket I had put it into, but I took the book out, and searched that pocket, I could not find it in either; I then said to the company, I had lost half-a-guinea, upon which Moody got up to me, and said, do you think I have robbed you? I said, I did not say you did; he came up and felt round me, saying, if you will pay half a gallon of ale, I will find it for you; I made no reply to that; he asked again about the ale, and felt round my pocket, and in an instant plunged two fingers in, and then held his hand as high as his head, saying, there is the half-guinea for you; he gave me the half-guinea, which I changed, and paid my reckoning; Moody asked me, if I was going home, and if he should go with me; I told him, I only lived next door but one, and I did not want company; he asked me several times, I told him to keep his own company, for I had nothing to say to him, but nevertheless he forced his conversation; I went out, and he followed me close; there is a middle door that goes with a pulley, he came up close to me, and pushed me against the door; I opened it, and walked out first; he walked behind me till I got to the stone, where men generally stop, at the extremity of the house, and while I was making water, he turned his back to me for a few minutes; as I was coming away from the stone, he suddenly darted his hand into my waistcoat-pocket; I seized him, and told him, he must go back with me; I had not time to look after my book, but when I got him in the house, I searched, and finding I had it, I did not take much more notice of him; I went into the parlour and told the company how he had served me; I pulled the book out, and was going to open it before some master tradesmen; but some of them, out of friendship, advised me not, but to put it in my pocket and take care of it; I staid some time longer, and then went straight home; I got home about ten o'clock, and opened the book, when I missed the notes, all but the ragged pound note, the landlord gave me; next morning, I went to Bow-street, and enquired for an officer; I got one, and we went to the prisoner's mother's, but could not find him; but the officer knowing him, and where to find him, took me to some court in Drury-lane, and we did not find him or the property.
How long afterwards was it you took him?
About nine weeks.
Have you got the notes again?
No.
Were you sober that night?
I was capable of knowing what I was about; I had had a few glasses of ale, but was quite sensible of what passed.
I don't know how long the sense of a drunken man lasts - were you so drunk that you did not know what you were doing?
I was not.
You were not sober?
I had very little to make me unsober.
You will not swear you were sober?
I don't know what you call sober.
Were you sober, or any thing like it?
I was quite sensible.
Were you sober?
I don't understand what you mean by sober.
You really don't?
No, I tell you I was sensible.
How long were you in the house?
I went in at near six o'clock, and came out at near ten.
You did not make any display of the 100l. note, I dare say?
No, not in that room.
In what room was it?
I did not in any room; I might mention it as Mr. Walker was joking me, and saying will you lend me one hundred pounds, I said, I suppose you think I am not worth one.
When you went out, were you asked, are your notes safe?
I might; I thought them safe myself.
Did you not put your hand to your pocket, and say, O yes, all's safe?
I don't know that I did; I cannot say whether I did or not; I thought the book safe enough.
When had you seen the note last?
I had seen it when I put the pound note in; it was in the book then; there was nobody but the prisoner and Mr. Hooley there.
You are quite sure that you then saw the one hundred pound note, that you tied a string round your pocket-book, and put it in your pocket?
Yes.
When you went home, you found you had lost it, and went back, no doubt?
No; I knew the prisoner was gone; I did not go back, because he might be alarmed, I might have seen him before, nor did I know he was the son of my opposite neighbour, but I heard he was after he was gone.
I went into the room between seven and eight o'clock; I set on Mr. Richie's right-hand, and the prisoner on his left; Mr. Richie said, he had lost half-a-guinea, the prisoner started up, and said, he suspected him; Mr. Richie said, no; he did not; the prisoner then felt on the outside of his pockets, and said, no, you have not got it, sure enough; he then put his finger and thumb in, and said, here is the half-guinea; the note I know nothing about; they went out, and I stopped till they came back, when the prosecutor related what he has here.
You did not go in till about eight o'clock?
It might be seven or eight.
Did you stay till the prosecutor went home?
I did not.
What state was he in?
He appeared to be very merry.
Did you see the 100l. note at all?
No, I did not stay above an hour.
I saw him take the one-pound note out of his pocket to light his pipe with, and heard the half-guinea jink on the table; about half an hour after, he said he had lost it; I put my finger into a corner of his pocket, and took it out, and the gentlemen said he ought to forfeit half-a-crown bowl of punch for taking away a young mans character.
