What are you?
I am a linen-draper, in Ratcliff-highway: On the 16th of December last, I lost several pieces of striped cotton out of my shop, which I had seen eight or nine minutes before. On the 2d of January, I discovered a part at the shop of Mr Curling, a stop-seller, in Old Gravel-lane, the pieces had my mark, which I put on myself; in consequence of what he told me, he and I went to the shop of Mr. Clarke, where the defendant was introduced to me as the master; Rodgers, the officer, was waiting over the way, I asked the defendant to let me look at some ready made shirts; I found fault with all I saw, and told him I wanted a very narrow stripe; I pressed very hard, and at last the man brought me out a piece of narrow striped cotton not made into shirts; I examined it, and saw my own private mark, the defendant was not then present, but I sent Curling out to bring Rodgers; when he came, I told the shopman I wanted to see Mr. Clarke; he said, my master is below; when I saw him, I said he had got some of my striped cotton, and hoped he would tell me how he came by it; he said he did not know; I asked him what he gave per yard; he hesitated a little while, and said, I believe sixteen-pence, or sixteen-pence halfpenny; I asked him to recollect who he bought them of; he smiled, and said, I must confess I bought them of a Jew; we found several quantities out; the little narrow-stripe cost me two shillings, the others cost me one-and-twenty-pence, or one and twenty-pence-halfpenny; I asked him how they came to be cut into remnants; he said, for the convenience of his customers.
I keep a stop shop in Old Gravel-lane, and purchased some striped cotton of the defendant, the 31st of December, I cannot say the quantity, but it is in the bill of parcels; Mr. Drake asked me where I got them, I shewed him the bill of parcels, and went with him to Mr. Clarke's, where what he has related took place.
The name of the master of the shop was
Yes.
He was ill then?
Yes, and is dead since; during his illness, the defendant managed the business, it is a wholesale warehouse for all sorts of things in a a very large way; I did not know a shop of more respectability.
When Mr. Drake asked for the cotton, did not the young man shew it him as ready as could be?
Yes.
Without nesitation?
He said, he could not tell exactly how he got it; he rather hesitated at first, but afterwards he said, he believed he bought them of a Jew.
Do shops of respectability buy pieces of striped cotton of people who go about the street?
A shop of this description, I believe, does not, they buy them wholesale, by pieces. I was rather surprised he bought them, and did not know who he bought them of.
I believe you are the widow of the late Mr. John Clarke ?
Yes; he was alive at the time of this transaction, but so ill that he could not attend the shop; we are in an extensive concern, and had four men besides my brother; these articles were brought by a man whom we knew to be a dealer, but did not know his name, or his place of abode; my brother bought them, but was not acquainted with the article, having never bought any before; they were not in such small remnants as they are now; we cut them for the convenience of the customers, and we do not pretend to deal in new articles; I do not recollect the piece given, but I measured them, and the shop-woman paid for them with the money which belonged to my husband; the defendant had no interest whatever in it; sometimes we buy of a hundred people in a day.
How long has your brother acted in the shop?
Some few months while my husband was ill; he has been warehouseman some few years; if new articles happen to come in other lots, we buy them, but don't go to warehouses; these were in remnants; I don't think it is ever the case in our trade to ask where they come from; I have not seen the man since, nor have I given any directions to find him; I was obliged to leave Mrs. Loman at home to mind the business.
I live at Sparrow-corner, and am a salesman; I buy piece-goods very frequently, and most of us do.
Do you buy sixty yards at a time of a man you know nothing of?
No, not of people we know nothing of, but we buy pieces let them be of what length they will; I would buy a thousand pieces if I thought they were honestly come by; I should not like to buy them with the ends off; I generally buy my things ready made; I deal in stops and clothes.
