Where do you live?
At No. 20, High-street, St. Giles's .
What is your business?
A silversmith and jeweller .
Did you lose any thing on the 6th of December last?
About five or six o'clock, in the evening, I lost a diamond ring, and several articles of value, to the\\ amountof about 25l. in all.
What wre the other articles?
Two gold rings.
Where were they placed?
In a tray in the shop window for sale.
How was that place secured?
It lay in the window loose with others. The glass was before it.
When had you seen these panes of glass last?
In the course of the afternoon.
How late?
Perhaps withing an hour before the circumstance happened.
They then were all secure?
Yes; I was at tea in the parlour, when I was alarmed by a noise in the shop.
What sort of a noise?
My young man's jumping across the counter made a noise; he was endeavouring to open the shop door, and on my going up to him I found it was tied. We succeeded, after some difficulty, in getting it open. The violence of our pulling had loosened the cord a little, so that we could get a hand out. On examining the cord I found it was tied to the railing of the area and to the handle of the door. I suspected the window ws broke, and found it was so, and several things were missing; a mob was collecting round the door, so that I found it necessary to shut up the shop for the evening. I went out and returned about ten o'clock in the evening, when I saw the rings, which were brought to me by the officer.
What are you?
I am shopman to Mr. Rogers.
What do you know of this robbery?
I was standing, between five and six o'clock in the evening, in the shop, and heard a noise, and saw a man's hand in the window.
What sort of noise was it?
The crashing of glass. I saw him taking the rings, and immeiately jumped over the counter.
Did he take any thing else besides the ring?
Not to my knowledge. I proceeded to the door to open it, and found it fast, till such time as Mr. Rogers came up, and we got it open. I observed the cord, but cannot exactly say in what situation it was on the door. I went out and assisted in putting up the shutters, but know nothing more.
What are you?
One of the patrol belonging to the Office in Bow-street. On Saturday evening, the 4th of December, I was standing with my brother officers opposite Dyot-street, St. Giles's, when we heard a great noise.
What sort of noise?
There was a mob collected; we went up and saw the prisoner in the coustody of a watchman, named Kelly; there was a great scuffle between the prisoner and the watchman, but we got the prisoner to the watch-house. On searching him, in his fob pocket I found those two rings (producing them) wrapped up in this bit of paper, which I have kept ever since; the prisoner was very obstreperous indeed; we had the hardest matter in the world to get him to the watch-house. I then went to Mr. Rogers and shewed him the rings which he owned.
What time did you take me?
Between eight and nine o'clock.
What are You?
A watchman. Between eight and nine o'clock as I was walking about my beat in St. Giles, a boy was sent after me by Mr. March, a salesman and goldsmith. I went to him and he gave me and prisoner in charge.
Where was it - in High-street, St. Giles's?
Yes. I laid hold of the prisoner, who asked me what I meant to do with him. I told him that by the account Mr. March gave me I would take him to the watch-house, which I did.
Were you in company with the patrol then?
No; the prisoner was very desperate, and said he would not go along with me. I made an attmept to spring my rattle, and he laid hold of it; then I called Hogan, my brother watchman, who came up, and we took him with great difficulty. Going along he made several grabs at his pocket, as if to take something out; I made a grab to prevent him, and every grab I made he gave me a rap on the head for it. I was afraid it was a knife he was going to draw. Going along I met some Bow-street officers, and was very gald to see them.
Did you deliver him up to them?
No, I stuck to him as well as they did; he was very resolute. When he was searched I saw them take the rings out; I was nearly out of breath with him.
What pocket was it?
I think the right hand fob pocket.
What are you?
A conductor of the patrol of Bow-street.
What do you know of this?
I was along with Crocker, and saw the prisoner searched and the rings found.
- I am one of the patrol, and was present in the watch-house when Crocker took the two rings out of the prisoner's pocket.(The rings produed and identified.
As I was going up High-street, St. Giles's, I picked up the rings and went to a shop, where there was a light, to look what they were; I put them in my pocket, and the watchman immediatley came up and began to beat me with a stick without my knowing what it was for GUILTY , Death aged 26.
