I deal in ironmongery , I am an agent and factor . I live in Bush lane, Cannon street, I have likewise a wharf in Thames street. The prisoner was my porter .
On the third of this month, in consequence of any suspicion that you entertained, did you search his lodgings.
I did, the officer went with me; I went in pursuit of other things that I lost. I I found this packing case. I had left the prisoner in the accompting house in custody.
Is that packing case you found, your property.
It is the property of James Wolley , Francis Deakin , John Bond Dutton , and Francis Johnson , at Birmingham; I am their agent. I account to them for them.
You are clerk to Mr. Harman.
I am; I was in the accompting house while he was in custody; when the officer returned from searching his lodgings, the prisoner acknowledged that he had taken the case for a rabbit hutch; and when he had money he should pay for it; he said it was one of the chests going to the Hambro' wharf, to be returned to Birmingham. They are made strong and of beech, to bear journies. I saw them on the 1st of November in the steel yard, I made a note of the cases myself, to give to the car-man to take to the wharf; I never missed the case; he must have replaced it by another smaller one.
You say there was a given number sent to that wharf to be returned to the country, and that given number was sent to the country, can you swear that that case was one that was lost.
He must have replaced it by another.
Do not give me your argument, will you undertake to swear that is one of those that has been lost.
That I cannot.
You talk of an exchange, an exchange is no robbery.
Did you go with Mr. Harman to the lodgings of the prisoner.
Yes, the prisoner told me where he lodged. I produce the packing case I found there.
When this case was brought back it was marked P, it is so planed out now that I could not swear to it, It is worth seven shillings; we only break up old hogsheads that are not worth\\ send\\ ing back.
When I was in Mr. Harman's employ I had it in my power to break up as many cases for fire wood as I pleased. I took this home for a rabbit hutch, I meant to pay for it.
