On the 6th of December last, I was returning from Change, and met the prisoner near the Coal Exchange , which is the second building from my premises, with a package upon his back, of the appearance of a barrel of raisins, it was nearly dusk then; I stepped back to the next house from the Coal Exchange, which was a grocer's-shop, the prisoner was going in a direction from my house; I noticed, from the light in the grocer's-shop, the mark on the head of the barrel, the same as some that I had under my care; I asked the prisoner where he was going with it; he told me up a passage; I told him he had mistaken the passage, he must step back and take it up another passage; he asked me what business I had with him; he said he certainly should not attend to me, and shoved himself against me; I took him by the collar, and told him I should insist on his going back to the place that he had taken the barrel from; he objected to go, and threw the barrel down; I insisted upon his going back, and I got him back, and I called for some of our people, who went for a constable; he said that he had been employed to carry it up the next hill for sixpence, meaning St. Mary-Hill; I know it to be mine from the mark C B L; it contained Alexia raisins.
I take it you have told us the whole of your story?
I may have omitted some trifling thing.
Did he not point to a person who, he told you, had employed him?
No such thing.
What does C B L mean?
It is the mark of a foreign fruit that I have.
What do you call yourself?
A warehouse-man .
There are many other warehouse-men in London?
Yes.
And they might have some of the same kind?
No; it is impossible and improbable; all the fruit that has arrived in this country has been under my care; and I am confident there is none of it in the hands of any other person; all the fruit that comes to London I take an account of, as cooper to the fruit-trade.
Did you part with any of these barrels?
No, it was not sold.
Do you mean to say that all the foreign fruit that has arrived in this country, came to your warehouses?
No.
Do you mean to swear that no other person in the trade has received this season any fruit with that mark?
I do.
When did this barrel of fruit arrive in this country?
A very short time ago.
Do you take an account of fruit that arrives at Liverpool or Bristol?
No.
Then might not fruit that arrives there find its way to London?
It is not at all likely, because at Liverpool they received their fruit much later than we did.
On the 6th of December, about half past four o'clock, I was weighing off some butts, I thought I heard my name called; I went towards the door, and there was Mr. Aylwin, with the prisoner in custody in the passage; Mr. Aylwin said, there is a barrel of raisins coming behind; go and see where it is; I went out, and there was a man bringing it in upon his back; the man was taking it into the yard, and Mr. Aylwin ordered me to go and call a constable; I went after a constable, and was, I suppose, ten minutes before I found one; he said he was employed by a porter to carry it up St. Mary Hill, and put it on a post; and he was to have sixpence to carry it; he said the person was very genteelly dressed, and it was lifted up upon his shoulders by two carmen, at our passage door; Mr. Aylwin desired me to go and see if I could miss the barrel; and I went, and missed the barrel directly; there had been two barrels in the passage in the course of the day, but one of them had been removed in the morning; it was marked C B, I did not see the L till it was brought into the yard, after the prisoner; it contained Alexia raisins; there were two parcels came by the same ship, one parcel marked C B, and the other C B L; the barrel was delivered to the constable.
He said he had been hired by a porter to carry it up the hill, and he was to have sixpence for it?
He said he had got the sixpence first.
I have a wife and three small children, and my wife about to lie-in with another; I work very hard for my family, as a porter ; and as I was coming through Thames-street, a person asked me to carry this barrel up the next hill, and he would give me sixpence; I never was before a magistrate in my life till now.
