I live in Craven-street, in the Strand, and lodge with Mr. Snowden: On the 23d of November, I was robbed about a quarter past five, or I do not think it was so much.
Had the day shut in?
No, it was not; it was a clear evening; a man came up the road, which leads from Battersea-bridge ; he was on horse-back alone, I was in a chariot; there were three of us, myself, Mr. Snowdon, and his brother; he rode up along side, flourishing a pistol to the coachman, and said, d-n your blood, stop, or I will blow your brains out; he had nothing over his face whatever; he put a pistol into the chaise, and said, your money and watches, gentlemen, and repeated it a great many times; I said, stop a bit, don't be in such a hurry; I dare say it was a minute at least before I got at it; at last I gave him my watch; he then asked for my purse, and I kept him as long a time with my purse; he then said, I want the gentleman's watch; I said, d-n your blood, get about your business, you have got enough, we have acted like gentlemen, now be off; then he thrust his pistol towards Mr. Snowden's brother, and asked for a guinea or two; I said again, d-n your b-d, we have acted like gentlemen, go about your business; he then looked at me and said, have not I acted like a gentleman too; I sat in the middle; I was laughing at the fellow for his solly, in stopping one in such a place; I was looking him full in the the face all the time; this was on Saturday night; on Monday morning I gave information at Bow-street; it was near a month afterwards before I saw the prisoner; there were six or seven of them confined in the place together; I observed the prisoner at the bar immediately.
Was the prisoner, whom you saw at that time, the person you had seen on the 23d of November?
It struck me very forcibly the moment I saw him.
Have you any doubt that he was the person that robbed you?
I really have no doubt at all of it.
Have you ever found your watch since?
No. He put his pistol into his coat-pocket, on the left side; it was a bath coat with a black velvet collar; his under coat was a dark drab, with a strait cut; it was a frock coat, and no lappels; it was a silver watch, gilt.
Do you recollect the colour of the horse?
It was a bay blood horse.
All that you formed your opinion upon was from a view of two or three minutes at the utmost?
True.
He had a round hat on?
Yes, and a great coat, open.
And that was all the opportunity you had of observing him?
Yes.
And this man you did not see till nearly a month after?
I did not.
How was he dressed at Bow-street?
With the same great coat on, but a different close-bodied coat, and his waistcoat was the same.
Were you at all agitated?
Not the least; at the time that he was at the side of the carriage there was a man not forty yards off, a gardener: I pursued him afterwards; the road was lined with people.
I live at Fulham: I was going there in my carriage on the 23d of November, about five o'clock in the evening, we were stopped by a single highwayman, who desired the coachman to stop, or he would blow his brains out; the man stopped, and the highwayman immediately put his head into the window on the left side, with a pistol in his left hand; he immediately said, gentlemen, your watches and your money instantly; quick, I have no time to lose; my brother, who was on the other side, said, take your pistol away, I have left my money at home; he is now in Derbyshire; then he took a watch from Mr. Whitmarsh, and put it into his coat-pocket, and still kept the pistol in the chariot; now, says he, gentlemen, your money; Mr. Whitmarsh pulled out a red morocco purse, and gave it him; says he, very well, go off, take your pistol away, we have behaved very handsomely; but before that he said, what, have not you a guinea or two, cannot you give me a guinea or two; then he took the purse, and put it in his inside pocket; well, says he, gentlemen, have not I behaved very much like a gentleman, and away he went.
When you did see the prisoner at the bar at Bow-street?
I was sent for several times to look at men; but I did not see the man. On the 21st of December I was sent for again, and I saw the prisoner and four or five more, in a row; I immediately fixed upon the prisoner.
Have you any doubt that the prisoner at the bar was the person you had seen on the 23d of November?
No.
Were you at all alarmed?
To be sure I was; I sat in the carriage in the corner; the sun was setting, it was king of twilight; I had a particular opportunity of observing his features; I have no doubt but the man that I saw at Bow-street was the same man; he had a large hat on, and when I saw him at Bow-street, I immediately remarked that that was not the hat; they fetched another, but I said, that was not the same hat.
On the 21st of December, I wish you to recollect, do you mean to swear it was on that day?
Yes.
Was it not the 1st of January?
I think not; to the best of my recollection and belief it was the 21st of December.
Then as far as your memory goes, you are as correct in that, as in any other part of your evidence?
Yes; I cannot be very certain.
It was a month after the robbery happened?
Yes, thereabout.
You never saw the prisoner but once at Bow-street?
No.
And then Mr. Whitmarsh was with you?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am coachman to Mr. Snowden: I was driving him when he was stopped.
Do you know the person that stopped your master?
I think I do.
Look at the prisoner at the bar?
I cannot say, he has very much the appearance of the man.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an officer of Bow street: I apprehended the prisoner on the 10th of December, in Clifford's-inn-passage; in a house kept by a person of the name of Guion; I apprehended him with two other persons.
These two persons were afterwards discharged?
Yes.
When you apprehended him, did he not tell you his name, and where he lived; and offered you the key of his apartments if you chose to search?
Not at first; he did afterwards. I searched, but found nothing.
I am innocent of the crime that I am charged with; I have witnesses to prove where I was at the time the robbery was committed.
I am clerk to the Police-office, Lambeth-street, Whitechapel.
Do you recollect two persons of the name of Baylis and Hindes being discharged any day in November?
Baylis, Hindes, and Weston were discharged on the 23d of November last, somewhere about two o'clock.
Do you know a person of the name of Guion, who keeps a coffee-house in Clifford's-inn-passage?
I saw him at the coffee-house that day.
Did you know Guion before?
No.
I keep a coffee-house in Clifford's-inn-passage: I have known the prisoner Franklin three years; he kept a grocer's shop at Ealing when I kept a public house at Brentford; that did not succeed, and then he went into the fish line; I then got him to assist, now and then, the officers; my house is used by Marshalsea-court officers.
Do you remember Hindes and Baylis being discharged?
Yes; I was at the office at the time.
Did you see Franklin that day?
Yes, I saw him in the morning; between twelve and one o'clock at noon I asked him if he would go with me; and he said, no, he would not, for fear he should be wanted; when I returned at half past four in the evening, I found him at my house; I looked at the clock as I passed St. Dunstan's-church; I found him endeavouring to quell a disturbance that Baylis, who had been discharged, was making in my house, because my wife would not serve him; Franklin stopped to drink tea with me and my wife and my sister, and staid till between seven and eight; my wife knew him from a child.
What character has he deserved?
He always bore a very good character.
The prisoner lived first in Ealing?
Yes, in both situations.
And then he turned Marshalsea-court officer?
No, Marshalsea-court assistant.
Have you any thing to do with the Marshal-sea-court yourself?
Nothing.
Do you always look at the clock when you go home?
I generally cast my eye at the clock, because it is so conspicuous.
What makes you quite sure that you looked at it that particular day, if you look at it every day?
No, nothing more particular; I go particularly by the discharge that day; if it had not have been for the discharge, I would not have given my evidence.
How long has the prisoner used this coffee-house?
As long as I have kept it; about eight months.
Where did you live before that?
The George, in Brook-street; I kept it near a twelvemonth.
Where did you come from when you went to live there?
From Brentford; I kept the One Tun.
The house kept by Shock White?
The same.
How long did you keep that house?
Three years.
It never occurred to you to have this sort of accident happen, to have people taken out of your house?
No, only Hindes; he was a Marshalsea court officer.
What was he charged with?
I do not know.
Were any other persons taken out of your house, at any time, for any crime?
No, only some people of a search-night, to take them before the Lord Mayor; there were three or four Marshalsea-court officers.
How many were taken out, and how long ago was it?
Five; and they were discharged the next day.
Was there any other time at which any other persons have been taken out of the house?
Not since I have kept it.
How did he employ himself all the while he was there?
In smoaking and drinking.
How was he dressed?
In a pepper and salt coat; I lent him five guineas the Friday week before he was apprehended, to buy him some clothes; a striped swansdown waistcoat I believe it was, with mother-of-pearl buttons.
He drank tea with you and your wife and sister?
Yes, and then went to smoke his pipe.
How far from your house is it to Whitechapel?
It is a good distance.
What was your errand?
Nothing particular; curiosity led me to see the discharge. I never had any thing of the kind before.
Did you know the charge when Baylis was taken?
No, I did not.
Who else were there during all this time?
I cannot tell their names particularly; there was one person, James Ribbins , he is here; he went away about half past seven.
I am the wife of William Guion : I have known Mr. Franklin as long as I can remember; I recollect my husband asking Mr. Franklin if he would accompany him to the Public-office, Whitechapel, between twelve and one; after that he dined with me, and from that time till near eight in the evening he was never out of the house ten minutes; he dined and drank tea with me.
Did your husband dine at home?
No, he did not.
About what time did Mr. Guion return?
I should think about half past four, or rather more; I had lit candles just as he came in.
I dare say you are quite sure it was the day he went to Whitechapel?
Yes; because I have seen the gentleman that discharged him, and I have seen the copy of the discharge.
Be so good as describe how Mr. Franklin was drest on that day?
To the best of my knowledge he had a pepper and salt coloured coar, lappelled, and a striped waistcoat, swansdown, with mother-of-pearl buttons.
Do you recollect if he had any great coat on?
No.
Did you ever see him in a great coat?
Yes.
What sort of a great coat did he use to wear?
A dark dussel coat.
Any particular collar to it?
Not that I recollect.
I suppose he had access to every part of your house; he has never been down in the cellar?
He may have gone into the cellar.
You never saw him with a pistol, I dare say?
I never did.
You did not go to Bow-street to give an account of this?
No.
Nor did your husband?
My husband went to Bow-street.
When did you first tell the story that you have now told?
The first time that I told it a gentleman applied to me to know if I recollected any thing about it.
What was that gentleman's name?
Mr. Finnis.
You never had any persons taken out of your house before?
Yes; some persons were taken before the Lord-Mayor by the City-Marshals, and Baylis was taken out of our house.
Nobody else?
Yes, a man of the name of Dudfield.
You do not know their line of life?
No, I understand one was a young man, a glass-cutter.
What was Dudfield?
I believe he was a Marshalsea-court officer.
Did you ever see the City-Marshal in your house before that?
No.
Were you married to Mr. Guion when he lived at Brentford?
Yes.
Had he not a warrant against him; was he not taken up?
Many people may have a warrant.
How did Franklin amuse himself all the time he was in your house?
He was sitting there all the afternoon, attending in case he should be wanted.
He smoked his pipe, did not he?
No, he did not.
That you are sure of?
After tea he did, and he might before, but I did not take particular notice of him.
Did Baylis come in at all that day?
Yes, before my husband; and I resused to serve him, and he behaved very ill, and made a great many words; Mr. Guion came in while the words were.
Who drank tea with you?
Franklin drank tea with me and Mr. Guion.
Any body else?
Yes, my sister.
Do you remember any body coming into the house during the time the prisoner was there?
Several people came in and out.
I am a Marshalsea-court officer; I use Mr. Guion's house: I went in about a quarter before five, on Saturday, November 23d; there was a man in the house of the name of Baylis, who had been discharged that day at Whitechapel, he was without his coat, quarrelling with Guion because he would not serve him with liquor; Franklin was there at the time, and did all in his power to prevent it; I was there from that time till seven, or a quarter after seven, and I left him there; after the tray was over, Franklin went into the parlour to drink tea with Mr. and Mrs. Guion.
Baylis was a Marshalsea-court officer?
Not that I ever heard. I am certain he was not.
Did he assist the Marshalsea-court officers?
Never to my knowledge; he was quite a stranger to me.
Did you know Hindes?
No.
Was he a Marshalsea-court officer?
No; I have been an officer twelve years, and must have known it if he had.
Do you know a person of the name of Dudfield?
Yes; he was a Marshalsea-court officer three or four years ago.
How long have you known Franklin?
Seven, eight, or nine months.
Do you know what business he was?
I understood he had been in the sishmongering line.
Do you know what he has been within these seven or eight months?
He has been employed by some of our officers as an assistant; he has asked me to employ him, but I never did.
Were you at Guion's house the day before?
I do not know that I ever miss a day; I dare say I was; I generally go there about ten o'clock.
You heard that the prisoner was taken to Bow-street?
Yes.
Did you go to Bow-street?
No.
You never conveyed any thing of this sort to either of the officers of Bow-street?
No.
Can you tell us how Franklin was dressed that afternoon?
I believe he had a brown coat, a dark coat on.
Was it a plain coat, or a lappelled coat?
I believe it was lappelled.
What was the waistcoat?
I cannot swear to it.
Was it a cloth waistcoat?
I cannot swear to it.
Had he a great coat on?
No.
Did you ever see him with a brown coat and a green cape?
No.
Did you ever see him with a drab coat and a black collar?
No.
How do you know it was the 23d, that this happened?
When I was applied to this morning, I took it from the minute-book in my own writing.
