I live at No. 11, Church court in the Strand , I keep a house there, I am a green grocer .
Did any thing happen to your property on the 10th of November.
Yes, I went to Covent Garden about eight o'clock in the morning; when I returned I found the door was wide open.
Who did you leave in the house.
Nobody. I have a girl that comes in the morning and goes home at night; I have been married fourteen years, my wife has been dead two years. I locked the door, and left the key in the door, as I have frequently done before, expecting the girl to come every minute.
How long were you absent.
About a quarter of an hour.
Was there any body going with you to Covent Garden.
Yes, there was a man that was with me, that I was in company with at the public house the night before. I foolish enough asked him to go home and sleep with me, he accepted of it; in the morning, a little before eight o'clock, I got up, and the prisoner did not attempt to get up. I said to him Wilson (he said his name was Wilson) you must get up, I must go to Covent Garden for some things that I want in the shop, you cannot stop here; he got up, and we both came out together, out of the shop door that opens into the passage, and I left the key in the door, expecting the girl to come every minute.
Before you came out together had the prisoner any opportunity.
Not at that time; we went out together, as far as the end of Bedford street; at the end of Maiden lane he was going to bid me good morning, I said stop a minute, if I have any halfpence I will give you something to drink, so I gave him two pence, I said get something to drink, or lay it out as you think proper. He wished me good morning and said he was much obliged to me indeed. I went on to Covent Garden, he went on to Maiden lane; I returned from Covent Garden in about a quarter of an hour, I found the door wide open, I was not much alarmed then, because I thought the girl had come. I looked in the parlour, and saw the girl was not come, I was rather alarmed, I went into the parlour, I looked round and missed my watch, that was hanging on a hook at the wainscot.
When had you seen it there.
Just before I went to Covent Garden, I saw it that morning; I looked further, and I missed my great coat and my close bodied coat, two hats, and a silk handkerchief.
Did you miss any thing else at that time.
There was a new pair of gloves in the coat pocket.
When had you seen these articles last.
I had pulled them off the night before. I saw them in the room the night before I went to Covent Garden. I made some little enquiry at the pawnbrokers, I could make no discovery of what I had lost, so I gave it up. On the 9th of December, about a month afterwards, this James Wood was taken up for stealing a coat; the constable knew me, and knew that I had lost these things; he acknowledged to every article that he had taken.
There was no acknowledgment made to you.
No.
Is it usual when you go out to leave the key in the door.
I have done so many times before.
Were you sober the night before.
I had been drinking, but I was sober enough, I knew; he was an entire stranger to me.
How came you to take a stranger home.
When we came out of the public house he said he did not know what he should do for a lodging, I said I can get you a good lodging for a shilling at the watch-house, he said he had no money. I foolishly observed that I slept by myself, that he might go and sleep with me if he thought proper, and he agreed to it.
Had he any liquor at the public house.
Yes; he had some halfpence. The prisoner took the liberty of sitting down, he put his hand in his pocket and took out some halfpence, and insisted upon having something to drink, and some of the company made it up half a pint of gin together.
The watch you have seen since.
Yes, we took him down to the pawnbrokers, and there I saw the watch and a coat that was pledged at the pawnbrokers; the silk handkerchief he acknowledged that he had sold.
What was the value of that.
It cost me seven shillings.
Have you seen the gloves since.
No, they are worth half a crown; they are new, I wore them only three times. - The hats I have not seen since; one was a very good one, the other an indifferent one; they might be worth about fifteen or sixteen shillings together.
I am a constable of St. James's, Westminster, I was sent for at St. James's market. I apprehended the prisoner for two offences on the 9th of December, about dusk. I asked him what he was, he told me his name was James Wood ; he referred me to Mr. Hincks, the prosecutor of this indictment; I asked him what Mr. Hincks, he said of Church court in the Strand. I asked him what Mr. Hincks was, he said he was a lawyer's clerk; I knowing Mr. Hincks, as we were going along to St. James's watchhouse, I said how came you to rob Hincks, it struck me this man was the man. Going along Jermyn street, I put the question to him again, how came you to rob Hincks, he answered as soon as ever I saw you I knew I was done; says I what have you done with the things, then says he I may as well tell you, I know it is all over with me. Walking on, before we got to the watchhouse, I put the question to him again; some he said he had sold, and some he had pawned, and he was very sorry that he had robbed Hincks; he said he sold all the things in the street, except the coat and the watch, and them he had pawned, and the tickets he had tore in St. James's park into small bits. I said, I suppose you have pawned them in Westminster; he said very near to the abbey one, and the other was further up, but the name of the street he could not tell, nor the the name of the pawnbroker's. I then put him in watchhouse, and I went and informed Hincks of it; Hincks returned to me in the course of the night. I took the prisoner the next morning along with me to shew me the pawnbroker's. Going along he said the pawnbrokers were very deep; as he had not got the duplicates he must manoeuvre it well, otherwise we should not find the watch. When we got to the pawnbrokers he asked for the watch, and the watch was produced, and he wanted ten shillings more money on it, that pawnbroker's is in York street, I forget the man's name. Hincks was with us, he saw the watch, and he knew it to be his watch; we went to the other pawnbroker in the Sanctuary, by the abbey, and saw the coat; we found only one coat, I took him to the magistrate, and the pawnbroker produced the things.
I am a servant to Mr. Marriot, pawnbroker, York street. The prisoner pledged the watch on the 10th of November, I believe it to be him to the best of my knowledge; he is so much disguised now that I cannot swear to him, but by his features I think he is the man. I produce the watch.
What sort of a watch was it.
A silver watch. I advanced one guinea and a half on it.
Are you a judge of the value of watches.
I suppose it to be worth three guineas.
Did you see the prisoner at any time after that.
I saw him when he came with the constable, and asked for more money on the watch; then I thought it was the same person, but I could not exactly say.
What more money did he want upon it.
I think five shillings, I cannot exactly say.
Are you sure that it was him that the officer brought to your house.
Yes, that I am quite sure of. I produce the watch.
I take it for granted you let him have a duplicate for leaving the watch.
Yes, he had a duplicate of the watch. I have had the watch in my possession ever since.
I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mr. Sherrinew, Great Sanctuary.
Do you recollect seeing the prisoner at the bar at any time.
Not till he came to enquire for the coat.
You did not receive the coat of him.
Not to my knowledge. I think I have seen him before; I am sure the prisoner is the person that was brought by the officer; he asked for a coat pledged for ten shillings, in the name of James Wood , he said he wanted more money on it. I produce the coat, we had no other coat in that name.
You keep the watch-house at St. Martin's.
Yes. On the 9th of December, Gregory came to me in the evening, with the prisoner, and asked where Hincks was.
Is Hincks an officer.
He is an officer of St. Martin's. I went with Gregory to Hincks, I with Hincks went to the pawnbrokers that evening; 9th of December I found the coat at the pawnbrokers.
Look at that watch, do you know it.
Yes, I know it to be mine by the watch-string, it is a black string that I usually wear, it was rather two long, I tied it in two knots to make it shorter; I likewise know it by the maker's name; I have had it three years, it cost me four pound ten.
You do not know the number.
No; the coat is mine, I have had it some years, it is worth a pound.
What is become of the great coat.
The prisoner acknowledged that he had sold it to a fence; that was worth about a pound.
I throw myself on the mercy of the court.
