On the 29th of April last, I lost the articles in the indictment, which were in a trunk, and stolen out of a cart in Fleet-street; the Bow-street officers have found some of them in different places, and some were found on the prisoner; he came to my house, and told me his sister, who was convicted, knew where some of the property could be found; and if I would intercede for her, she would deliver up the different articles I am now in possession of; I said, that was not sufficient, but, provided she would come forward with more property, I would; he came at different times, and always told the same story; I was not with the officer when they were found, but I have them here, and know them to be mine. (Produces the articles.)
Mrs. Hayes, the prisoner's sister, has been convicted on your prosecution?
Yes, for receiving this very property.
And a person of the name of Faulkner was also convicted of receiving those things?
Yes.
A person of the name of Hayes was also tried?
Yes, he was tried, but acquitted.
And one Peake?
Yes.
What became of him?
I don't know; he got clear some how or other.
The prisoner was admitted to bail by the Justice?
Yes.
And he has now surrendered to take his trial?
Yes.
Don't you know that the prisoner at the bar had nothing to do originally with receiving these goods, but that they were delivered to him by Mrs. Hayes?
He never told me of it.
Don't you know Mrs. Hayes brought those things to him?
No.
Or ever heard any thing of it?
No, the things were found upon him.
The prisoner gave you information where the things might be found?
Yes; after she was convicted, his sister said, she knew where the things could be purchased.
Did you not know they were in the prisoner's possession?
No.
Or heard of it?
No, not till they were found.
You never learnt from him that she brought the things to him as a deposit?
No.
I am an officer: On the 31st of July, I went with a search-warrant to the prisoner's house, No. 2, Gibson's-court, St. James's, about one o'clock; he was not at home, but he came immediately; I asked him if his name was Denight; he said, it was; I said, I suppose you know what I am come for; he said, no; I said, I have a search-warrant; he said, for what; I told him for a pair of diamond ear-rings and other articles; he said, they were not in his house, but that he could get them; and, if I would give time, he would bring them to the office; I said, I was sure they were in the house, and I must search it; he said, he would not pretend to say he knew nothing about them, but, if I would give him time, he would bring them down; I said, I must search the house; well then, said he, come up stairs; I went up one pair of stairs to the front room; he returned down again, and went into the cellar; I followed him, and asked him what he wanted; he said, he wanted something to open the place where the diamonds were; he put his hand on a carpenter's bench, took up a piece of wood, and laid it down again; then we went up stairs again, but I did not see he had any tool with him; he put his hand to the book-case, pulled out two or three books, and then pulled out a paper containing the things Mr. Weppler has produced; I took him, and he said Mr. Weppler knew he had them.
You know the prisoner is the brother of Mrs. Hayes?
I know it now.
Don't you know that it was in consequence of the prisoner's information, after Mrs. Hayes was convicted, that led to his house?
Not to my knowledge.
Don't you know he said he had the things delivered to him by Mrs. Hayes merely for being taken care of?
He said so when I took him.
Did he not always say they were the property of Mrs. Hayes, and placed with him as a deposit?
Yes, I believe he did.
Was it not understood so by you and the Justice at the time of examination?
Yes, and I think so still; I think he only kept them on condition of getting his sister a pardon.
Did you know, from any thing that passed from the prisoner, that he really had the custody of those things by direction of Mrs. Hayes?
I cannot say that; my opinion is, from what he said, that he had them as a deposit till Mr. Weppler got a pardon for his sister.
Did you understand from him that Mr. Weppler had promised a pardon?
I don't know.
From what passed, have you any doubt about the truth of his story that he kept this as a deposit?
I don't think he meant to sell the things; he only held them as a deposit, and merely to get a pardon for his sister, not to make any property of them for his own use.(The record of the conviction of Thomas Colley, otherwise Thomas Putty, read.)
