I am Mr. John Simpkin 's servant, his house is on Stepney-green , in the parish of Mile End Old Town. I left the house on the 8th of May, about half past eight o'clock in the evening, and I returned by a quarter or twenty minutes past two. I found the house had been entered by some person, and the drawers broken open.
Can you tell me whether the house was broken open, or whether it had been entered by false keys
I cannot tell you whether it was broken open, or whether it had been entered by false keys, or whether they had entered by the stair case window; the staircase window was shut when I went out, when I returned it was open; I lost all the articles mentioned in the indictment, and more; I cannot tell how many shirts were taken, half a dozen were found.
You say this house was Mr. Simpkin's - was he living in it at the time
No; he has been abroad a twelve-month the 14th of this month. He is a gentleman that lives upon his fortune; I expect him home this summer; I was taking care of the house till he returned.
Do you pay taxes for the house
Yes; and the house is his own. I had reason to suspect the people that lived in the house where the prisoner lived, it is directly opposite of my master's house. Mr. Griffiths was sent for; he said it was proper that I should go to the office and get a warrant to search the house; I did so, and the property was found.
Whose house did you search
William Peasgood 's. The prisoner lived in that house; he had the one pair of stairs front room, and his wife lived with him; he is a butcher.
I am an officer of Lambeth-street-office. Mr. Simpkin's house is in the hamlet of Mile End Old Town. On Saturday morning, the 13th of this month, between nine and ten o'clock, I went down to the last witness's house; I saw the prisoner come out of his house while I was talking to the young woman; a house that he had an apartment in; I did not know who kept the house; then since that I learned from his wife that he had an apartment there. I desired the young woman to go with me to the office to get a warrant to search the house; she did so; the warrant was granted. I went down there in company with Coombes and Miller, two other officers; we searched the lower part of the house, we could not find any thing; we went up stairs, searched the back room, we found nothing there; we took Ware's wife up with us, and took her into the front room, which she said belonged to her.
Did you know from the prisoner that belonged to him
Yes; after he was apprehended. We found a chest in that room, it was locked; we asked Mrs. Ware if she had got the key; we broke the chest open, in that chest we found this black bag, it contained six shirts, two pair of sheets, four tablecloths, five napkins, six towels, eleven yards of table linen, not made up, and a time piece. After we had found this property. I tied up the bag, and carried it into the prosecutor's house, and asked for a key, and locked it up in the room, and put the key in my pocket; Mr. Coombs staid with the woman in the house that we had searched, while Miller and I went in pursuit of the prisoner, and the other man. In Shadwell market-place, I saw the prisoner, I laid hold of him; and Peasgood, who rented the house, I pointed out to Miller. We tied their hands together, and brought them up to the office; they asked me what I wanted with them, I told them I wanted them for breaking a house in Pleasant-row.
Had you known the prisoner before
Not before that morning; he came out of the door and threw a stone at a dog. When I saw him in the market, I knew him again. Coming from Shadwell. I asked the prisoner if that front room was his room; I told him I had broken the chest open, and in that chest we had found a great deal of property, and I should like to know if he could account how he came by it; he said the chest was his, as to the property, he knew nothing about it. I asked him if he could account how it came there; he said no, he know nothing about it. We took them up to Lambeth-street. They both were committed for re-examination. On the Tuesday the young woman swore to the property.
Is Peasgood here
. I believe not; he was discharged; he kept the house as I understood.
I ask you whether the room in which the goods were found, was not Peasgood's sleeping room
No, Ware acknowledged that the room where the chest was found, was his room, and it was his chest.
He told you he knew nothing of the things, nor how they came there
He did so.
I am an officer. I was with Griffiths when the box was broken open, and when he found the property; I likewise found a shawl belonging to the young woman; I was left in the room with the two women; the prisoner's wife said she expected him to come home to boil dog's meat; the water was boiling at the time.
. Had you ever seen the prisoner or his wife
I have seen his wife, but not the prisoner.
Where did you see the wife
About the door of the house that she lived in with the children; it is a short distance, only across the road.
You found, I think you said, the window open
Yes; a one pair of stairs window; a man could not get in without a ladder. When I went out I locked the door, and I found it locked.
You had not seen the prisoner at or about the house at all
I had not; I saw Peasgood in the afternoon of the day before it was broken open; I saw him walking up and down the row, looking at our house; he keeps the house in which the prisoner lived up one pair of stairs, and he is a butcher.
Then ma'am, there was no reason to suppose but what any person might get in as well as the prisoner
No reason at all.
. When you went to this house where the prisoner lived, who opened the room door where the chest was
I cannot say whether the door was open or shut, the wife of the prisoner went up with me, she said she had not got the key that belonged to the chest. The prisoner was searched at the office; no key was found upon him.
I have lived in the house; I left the house on the Wednesday, as the robbery was committed on the Monday. There was no lock on the door; the box was not locked, I left the key in it; there were only some rags in it; I had not fetched it away.
