Have you the copy of the record of conviction of a person of the name of John Paul?
I have.
Where did you get it?
From the Office of the clerk of the peace for Middlesex.
Did you compare it with the original?
Yes.
Is it a correct copy?
Yes.
Are you the deputy-keeper of the New-prison?
I am.
Look at the prisoner - was he ever in your custody?
He was.
Were you present at the time of the trial?
I was, in February sessions, 1802.
Did you receive him into your custody after the trial?
Yes.
How long did he remain in prison after the trial?
One year.
Can you possibly be mistaken as to the person of the man?
No; I saw him almost every day.
Do you keep the Castle public-house, in Portugal-street, Lincoln's-Inn-fields ? --
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner?
I have seen him come backwards and forwards to my house.
Did you see him at your house on the 10th of August?
Yes.
The day before he was taken up?
Yes.
What business did he come upon?
He came to the bar, and asked for a glass of gin, and offered a shilling; I drew him the gin, and he gave me a shilling; I gave him the change, and he went away.
What was the\\ amountof the glass of gin?
Seven farthings.
After he was gone, did you turn your attention to the shilling?
I took the shilling from the bar, it being dark, to a window, and found it a bad one; I followed him towards Clare-market, but missed him; I returned, and put the shilling in a peace of paper, and have kept it separate from all others from that time to this; I crossed it at the same time.
When did you see him again?
Next day, in the afternoon, on the 11th; he came for a glass of gin, which he was furnished with.
How did he make payment for that?
He offered me another shilling; I looked at it, and saw it was a bad one; I took him by the collar, and said, my friend, I shall stop you as a smasher, or passer of bad money; he had asked to look at the shilling, and then had it in his possession; I took him into a little room behind the bar, and set him down in a chair, while I sent for a constable; I sat in a chair next to him, in order to take care he should not throw any thing away; all on a sudden he put his hand to his pocket, took out the shilling, and put his hand quickly to his mouth; I took him by the gullet, but he swallowed it, in spite of all I could do; I felt it pass between my fingers.
When he was searched, what was found upon him?
Only six or seven pennyworth of halfpence; no silver whatever.
Had he halfpence enough to pay for the gin, without offering the shilling?
Yes, and five-pence or sixpence to spare; he was then taken into custody, and sent to Bow-street.
You are the wife of the last witness?
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes.
Did you see him the day before he was taken up?
I was up stairs at the time, but Mr. Soane called me down; I saw the prisoner next day.
Did you see him come in the next day?
No; Mr. Soane called me to mind the bar, while he set with the man till the constable came.
Did you see what became of the shilling?
No.
You are one of the Moniers of his Majesty's Mint?
Yes, I am.
Look at that shilling?
It is a counterfeit, and a very bad one indeed.
Is there any silver in it, except the colouring on the outside?
I think not.
I took two shillings in change of a half crown piece; I supposed them to be good; I had no intention to defraud any one.
