I am a widow, and lodge at No. 32, St. Andrew's-hill , the landlord does not reside in the house, other persons lodge in the house; between six, and half-past six, on Saturday the 6th of August, my room was broke open while I was gone to market; I returned about half past six, I had double looked my door, and left nobody in the room; when I returned, I found my door open, and my things all about the room my boxes were broke open, which I had left locked, one was split across the top, and had the lock broke; I missed the things named in the indictment; John Sewell is my son, his things were all in the room; the prisoner was brought in as soon as I returned, by Whitehead, a carpenter, and a bag with my things in it; I never recovered the notes or money.
Mrs. Sewell hired me to bring home some greens for her; I got to the door, and was lifting the things off, when the prisoner stepped out of the passage with a bag in his hand; I asked him who was in; he said there were some people in, and went away with the bag; soon after he was brought back.
I am a carpenter: I saw the last witness contending with the prisoner, she seemed to be in great trouble; as soon as she turned from him, he ran away; I ran after him down Addle-hill; he had his coat and waistcoat on when he set off, and a bag under his arm; I missed sight of him, and when I saw him again, he was without his coat and waistcoat, and bag; I am certain he is the same man; he ran up Labourin-vain-hill into a public-house, and set himself down in a dark box; I took him into custody; the things were found over some rails.
Did you not ask a boy if I was the man?
No.
I am a smith: I heard the cry of stop thief, coming up the church passage; I saw the prisoner running with a bag in his hand; he passed some buildings, and threw the bag over some fencing adjoining my house; I went round, and fetched the bag, and brought it down to Mr. Russel; we carried it to Mrs. Sewell's, the prisoner was there; she claimed the goods, and the prisoner was taken into custody.
I am messenger to the Phoenix Company: I met the prisoner and Whitehead, and saw the prisoner take these keys from his pocket, and lay on a window. (Produces some picklock keys.)
I am a constable, and took charge of the prisoner: I searched him, and in his breeches pocket I found sixpence, and three halfpence; and in his right-hand pocket, these picklock keys, (produces them) three picklock keys were also found in Mrs. Sewell's room.
I ply at the markets; I was returning from Billingsgate, and met an acquaintance; we went to a public-house, and that man came and charged me with a robbery, which I know nothing of.
