I lodge at No. 152, Swallow-street : On the 28th of November, I went up stairs to bed about ten o'clock.
In whose house do you lodge?
George Hagley 's: When I went up I found the door of the room open, my trunk open, and my property gone, I had left my room in the morning about seven o'clock, locked; I put the key in a place where it is always kept with the other lodgers' keys, for the servants to make the beds.
Was the trunk locked?
No it was not.
What did it contain?
A coat, two pair of breeches, two waistcoats, two pair of stockings, four neck-handkerchiefs, a pocket Bible, and my hat was also taken away, there was other property taken, but that belonged to the landlord; there was nearly three yards of linen, and a pair of slings.
Did you ever find any of them again?
Yes; in a few days there was a neck handkerchief and the slings found in the apartment of the prisoner; I was with the constable at the time they were found, at No. 9, King-street, Seven-dials.
What was the value of your coat?
Two pounds; I had had it about three months, it cost me two pounds eighteen shillings; the two waistcoats are worth ten shillings, two pair of breeches, a guinea and a half, the stockings four shillings, the Bible five shillings, the linen-cloth five shillings, and the slings, I suppose, sixpence.
What reason have you to suppose this woman stole them?
She was not known to the house.
I am a constable of St. James's: On the 11th of December I was sent for by a person of the name of Heales, who keeps a public-house where the prisoner had been found in the servant's room; I went and found the prisoner there, I searched her, and upon her person, wrapped up in a black pelice, I found twelve keys, which she said she had from an iron-shop; I went to her apartments, No. 9, King-street, Seven-dials.
How do you know they were her apartments?
She told me she lived there in the name of Robson; and she likewise told me her name was Ralph, she lived in a two pair of stairs back room; I searched the room, and found this neck-handkerchief, marked A T; the prosecutor found some slings in the same room; I tried the young man's lock, and among the twelve keys I found these two that opened the door. (Produces them.)
- I am a constable, I was present when the prosecutor found the slings, (produces them) I went to a pawnbroker's, and found the linen at Mr. Simmons's, in Monmouth-street.
How came you to go there?
By the duplicates found in her room.
I found the duplicate in her apartment among ninety others, (produces it) I went with Gregory to the pawnbroker's, and found a piece of linen pawned for three shillings.
I am a pawnbroker; this is my duplicate.
Who pawned that linen with you?
It was pawned on the 29th of November in the name of Mary Ralph , but I cannot say positively that the prisoner is the woman.
(To Thorburn.) Look at those articles?
This neck handkerchief is mine, and the braces are mine; one of the buckles was wanting, and that part was cut to go over the button of my breeches, and the linen I know to be mine; it was sent to me from Scotland by my mother, cut off the web; I know it by the quantity and the quality; I have been in the habit of wearing my mother's linen all my life.
The linen is my own, I have a pair of sheets of the same now in pledge; the handkerchief was left in my room by a person that slept with me; I know nothing about the name of the person that left it; the duplicates are all my own, they have been advertised, and nobody has come forward to own any thing; I have three small children, and am pregnant now.
