Do you know Miss Horsley?
Yes.
She jobs a pair of horses?
Yes.
What is her name?
Ann: On Friday the 26th of November, at eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the hores safe in the stable.
Your master lives at Shepperton?
In the parish of Shepperton .
You have folding gates to the stable?
Yes.
Were they fastened?
Yes; they were barred.
So that no person could get from the outside, without forcing it?
No.
What time did you go to the stables in the morning?
About peep of day; about seven, or hardly seven o'clock.
How did you find the stable gate?
One side was open, the other fast; the lock of the stable door was broke all to pieces.
What did you miss from the stable?
The two horses that I had left the night before.
What colour were they?
Two black geldings; I looked into the coach-house, and the carriage-door was open; I had left there a livery coat and waistcoat, and a laced hat, I found they were gone; I look round and saw the harness was gone; I came out of the coach-house into the stable again, and missed a pair of new boots, a pair of breeches, and other articles.
Did you know the prisoner at that time?
Yes; I knew him while he lived in the parish of Shepperton.
How did he get his living?
By selling nuts, knives, garters, almanacks, and things of that sort.
Did you ever see him at Shepperton from the time your stables were robbed till he was apprehended?
I did not, but he was there.
When did you next see your horses?
The first horse that I saw was at Northampton, in the Dolphin Inn yard, at Mr. Benton's.
Was the horse you found in the possession of Mr. Benton, one of the horses that had been stolen from your mistres's stables?
It was.
The other, I believe, has never been found since?
No; nor yet heard of.
Have you seen the harness since, and the livery coat and waistcoat?
Yes; they are here.
Did you see me in your house. that day, or for a week before?
Yes; you were selling nuts in my house the Sunday before.
How far is your mistress's from Barnet?
I cannot justly I don't know the cross-country road, it may be eigth or nine and twenty miles.
Are you ostler at the Royal Waggon, at Barnet?
Yes.
Do you know how far it is from Shepperton to Barnet?
I do not.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I saw a man very much like him at our house, with a pair of horses, but I cannot swear to him.
When was that?
I think about six weeks ago, on a Saturday.
Did the person who came bring any thing with him besides a pair of horses?
He brought a pair of horses, a harness, and a saddle.
What coloured horses?
Both black goldings.
Had he any thing else?
He had a box livery coat.
Did the man, whoever he was, dispose. of any articles while he was at your house?
Yes; he sold a harness to Mr. Dean.
How came Mr. Dean to be there?
A man said, I have got a pair of harness to sell, and I sent for Mr. Dean to purchase it.
Do you know if he disposed of any other articles?
He sold a great coat to Matthew Smith.
Does he live at Barnet too?
Yes.
How long was the man, altogether, at your house?
He might be there two hours and a half, as nigh as I can guess.
As the man was two hours and a half at your house, looking at the prisoner, what do you think?
It is very much like him, but I cannot swear to him; I was very busy brewing at the time.
Where do you live?
At Hadley, near Barnet.
Do you recollect being sent for to the Royal Waggon, to buy any harness?
Very well.
Do you know the man of whom you bought it?
The prisoner at the bar was the man.
What day of the week was it?
About half past eleven o'clock in the morning.
Do you know the distance from Barnet to Shepperton, or near about?
I never was at Shepperton; but it is eighteen miles from Barnet to Uxbridge, and I believe that is the direct road; I went to the stabel and looked at the harness; I said to the prisoner, my friend, what do you ask for this harness; he said, one guinea and a half; I said very well, and directly went back to the house; I I asked him how he came by the harness, he said his master gave them to him three weeks before.
Did he say who his master was?
Yes; Mr. Hinde, No. 2, Portland-place.
Did you go into the stable?
Yes.
What did you see there?
The harness, and two black horses.
Had the prisoner any conversation with you respecting those two black horses?
Yes; he said one of them was to be sold, and his master, desired he might sell it in his passage to Birmingham, if he could get a customer for it.
Had you any conversation about the price?
Yes; it was to be twelve guineas, or twelve pounds, I don't know which.
Did you agree with him for the horse?
No; I bought the harness, took it home, and hung it up.
Is the harness in Court?
Yes.
Look at the harness, and see if it is the same you bought of the prisoner? (it is produced.)
I believe it to be the same.
Who did you deliver it to?
To the coachman, Agar.
Have you seen the horse again that he offered to sell you?
Not since.
I believe you are a coach-master, at Northampton?
I am
Did you buy a black gelding at any time?
I did, about the beginning of December last.
Who did you buy it of?
I bought it of the prisoner at the bar.
Who did he say he was?
He told me he lived with a Mr. Hussey, who kept four black horses, and this was one of them; and that his master had bought four bay ones, and had desired him to take this black horse to Bristol Repository to be sold, if he could not meet with a customer before he got there.
What did you give him for the horse?
Eighteen guineas and a half.
How long after this was it that this horse was claimed?
I was going to London, about ten days after, and as I was getting a post-chaise at Barnet, a gentleman gave me a hand-bill, which bill I found described the horse, and the man I had bought it of; I told him I had no doubt I had the horse, and he came down to Northampton.
It was Mr. Charles Mason?
Yes; he came, and claimed the horse, and I delivered it to him.
That was the horse you bought of the prisoner?
Yes.
Did you let this horse?
I let him on a job to Mrs. Horsley.
The horse that was shewn to you by the last witness, was that one of the horse you let to Mrs. Horsley?
It was; Mr. Benton delivered the horse to me.
(To Agar.) Was that one of the horses that you lost?
It was.
Who is your partners?
My mother, Dorothy Mason .
Is she a widow?
Yes.
(To Hunber stone.) Have you seen the horse since it was recovered?
Yes, I saw the coachman bring it into the yard again.
Do you know if that was one of the two horses that the person brought to the Royal Waggon?
I am sure it was one of the two, and I think it was the best of the two.
In your way from Northampton, to fetch the horse, did you stop at the Royal Waggon, at Barnet?
I did.
When was that?
The day before Chirstmas day.
When I was taken up, Mr. Agar was desired to look at a pair of breeches. He had a great mind to own them; they were a pair of breeches that I have had fourteen months, He told me I had broke open his master's stables, and that he had traced me to Northampton. I know he is a man of very bad character and would swear a man's life away almost for a guinea. He had offered several people thereabout then guineas to take me up on suspicion. I had been round about there handy times enough. At the time that they swore to me I was at Reading market.
(To Agar.) Look at that harness.
This is the same harness.
Has it any arest or cypher upon it?
Yes, A.H.
The initials of your mistres's name?
Yes,
