The prisoner came to my shop on the 13th instant about twelve o'clock, she said she wanted six pair of black silk stockings for an undertaker; I shewed her four or five papers of silk stockings; just after she came in I had four different customers come in, and I was obliged to leave her a little now and then to one customer in particular, I was obliged to leave her to shew a piece of flannel, when my attention was again directed to her. I saw a paper of black silk stockings which I had shewed to her, all of a heap, and every pair discomposed. I took them pair by pair, and folded them up, she was sitting by at the time on a stool. I found there was but five pair, with two pair that she had thrown by, that she intended to buy; that gave me a suspicion of her. I thought there should be six or seven pair from my observation before.
Did you see any thing of the appearance of her being in the act of stealing.
No. After I had this suspicion she had looked out one pair more, she would leave three pair, and as I seemed busy she would call in again in about ten minutes, if I would make out a bill; she put only three pair by, and that excited my suspicion stronger. Upon her telling me this I told her rather in a peremptory way to stay till I had served my other customers, she did so; I then said to her, as you said when you first came in that you wanted six pair, and you have only looked out three, suppose you look out the other three pair; she said I would oblige her very much if I would send some to America place, Baker street; I then desired her to walk into the back parlour, she did so; I told her that I suspected she had stole something, I should send for a constable to search her; she directly produced a pair of black silk stockings from her muff, which she acknowledged was my property, and sell down upon her knees and begged for mercy. I sent for an officer and took her into custody.
When she produced the stockings you took them from her.
Yes, and I know them to be mine, I threw them across the table in the parlour.
Did you see the officer take them.
I do not know that I did.
How long was it before he came.
About ten minutes.
Was any body present.
There was my wife and two or three neighbours came in before the officer came. I certainly received a pair of stockings from the prisoner, which are my property, and I put them on the table; somebody gave them to the officer. They were handed about, they had my private mark on them.
Where was your wife at this time.
I cannot say. I am positive that she was not in the shop during any part of the time.
There were four persons in the shop.
There were four or five different persons in the shop.
What observations they made you do not know, whether they suspected her or not.
I suppose they did not.
Do not be angry.
I am angry; I gave you a direct answer.
One of them entered into a kind of discourse with her; is she here.
She said they were cheap.
I only want to know, as you are angry, whether you will venture to swear that those other three customers knew any thing of it.
I cannot swear that they did not.
You had a considerable suspicion of her.
Not at first, not till I folded up the five pair of stockings and found one pair short.
You have said that you entertained a considerable suspicion of her, and then you attended to two or three other persons, will you swear that she did not take the stockings at that time.
She could not, I will swear it positively.
Was your manner before her as angry as you are to day; you said you addressed her peremptorily.
Yes.
You frightened her may be.
No, she did not seem to be such a sort of a lady.
You say that she burst out in tears' and fell upon her knees and begged for mercy; you was very violent.
Not half so violent as you are now.
Conduct yourself decent and answer the questions.
Had you said any thing about this prosecution, about what is called a Tyburn ticket.
I asked if the woman should be convicted whether I should be entitled to one.
And you hoped you should get one.
No.
I caution you now the first time, have not you said that if this woman was convicted you hoped you should get a Tyburn ticket.
I did not express a wish, I only asked if a man convicted a woman whether he should be entitled to a Tyburn ticket.
You expected it; I have not had any positive answer, I ask you if you convicted this woman did not you expect to have it.
I should have applied for such a thing.
Should not you expect it.
Attend to the gentleman's question.
I expected it; I should have applied for it, I do not know whether it would be granted to me or no
Did you at any time make any promises to the woman to favour her.
I told her husband that if in case she was convicted I would recommend her to mercy.
At the time before she fell down on her knees did you promise her any thing.
I did not.
Had you any suspicion of this woman being at all about to steal your stockings till you had attended this woman that wanted this piece of flannel, and you observed this heap of stockings had been discomposed.
No, otherwise than the general suspicion that I have of every body that comes in the shop unless I know them.
You did not know who this person was.
Not in the least.
