Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am a confectioner , No. 38, Watling-Street , in partnership with William Reeves , the prisoner was our porter : On Friday the 1st of August, I missed the sugar mentioned in the indictment; the sugar was made up into loaves weighing seven pounds each, twelve of them weighing eighty-four pounds, it was fine sugar; there was the mark of 7 with a stroke upon the sugar itself, and 7 on the paper, the sugar was in a place adjoining the work-shop, the prisoner was employed in the workshop; which is on the same floor, the prisoner was employed principally in breaking down the sugar.
Did you ever sell any sugar; or did you use it all in your trade?
I never sold any, we always use it up in our trade; the prisoner boarded and slept out of the house; I missed a bag on the 1st of August, marked with the letter S, No. 85.
Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am a Police-officer: On Monday the 8th of September, I searched the premises of John Roberts , a cow-farmer, in Hoxton-fields; on the 3d of September, I found two whole loaves of sugar in chests, and a quantity of sugar besides in a basket; I saw Mrs. Roberts.
Did you get immediate access to those chests?
No; we asked for the keys, and she said she had not got them; my brother officer searched her, and found in her pocket the key of one of the chests; we took the sugar to the office, (produces it) I found part of it under the bed, and the remainder part was found in the back-kitchen, in a chest; the two loaves of sugar were in the papers that they are now in; the next day, I searched the house of a man of the name of Nealey, he and his wife were at home, they live in Playhouse-yard, Golden-lane, there I found in several bags, (produces them) here are two more loaves of sugar, that I found in the parlour at Robert's, in paper; on the Tuesday, the same day, I searched the house of Mary Knotman , in an alley in Grub-street; there I found two pieces of sugar, (produces them) I have had them ever since.
Have you, at any time, had any conversation with the prisoner?
Yes.
Before the prisoner said any thing to you, what did you say to him; did not you tell him it would be better for him to confess?
No, I was aware of that; I took him to his own house, and told him there was a charge against him for stealing some sugar from his master; I and my brother officer asked him if he had got any in his house; he said he had got none.
Was this after you had been to Mrs. Knotman's?
No, before; I staid with the prisoner below stairs, while my brother officer searched and found a piece of sugar, which he has here; after that, he begged very hard to let him go, on account of his family; and she went down upon her knees to let him go, he had five children; we then told him we could not, we were officers of Justice; and we then took him to the office.
The piece of sugar found at the prisoner's house is a very considerable quantity I see?
Here is all there was.
Is there any mark upon it?
Here is part of a mark.
What sort of a mark is it?
I believe it is a dent in the sugar in the baking.
Roberts is a cow-keeper?
Yes.
And deals in sugar?
I should think so, or we should not have found it there.
A cow-keeper a dealer in sugar?
We found some other things there besides; we found some linen, some liquorice, and some handkerchiefs.
Upon your oath, do not you believe all those things were stolen?
No, I do not believe they were; there was a tin pot that was owned.
This man, Roberts, gave you a great deal of information, I suppose, before you went to the house?
No, he knew nothing about it.
Nor Mrs. Roberts?
No.
Did you make known to him that you were officers of Justice?
To Mrs. Roberts I did.
And though you told her you were officers of Justice, she refused to tell you there was any sugar in the house, and refused you the keys?
Yes; and she refused us other keys besides that.
Was good Mr. Roberts at home, the cowkeeper?
No, he was not.
Some sugar was found under the bed, in a place of concealment?
I cannot say.
It is precisely a kind of place in which a cowkeeper and a grocer would keep it?
I cannot say as to that.
You found some in the back-kitchen, in a chest?
Yes; it was standing by the fire-place, locked up with a key that we found in Mrs. Robert's pocket; there was a towel found there, with the mark picked out.
At Mr. Nealey's you found some bags?
Yes; and some pepper, in the chest in Nealey's bedroom; he was at home, and his wife too.
You told them you were officers of Justice?
Yes.
And they shewed you directly where the things were?
No, they did not; they said we were welcome to search.
Did they tell you the property was to be found in the chest?
No.
Nor Mrs. Knotman, I suppose?
She gave it up directly.
Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am a Police-officer, I was with Vickery: I found the things he has produced at Mr. Roberts's; I went in company with Vickery to apprehend the prisoner, on Tuesday the 9th, to Watling-street, at his master's.
Was it in consequence of any thing that passed at Roberts's that you apprehended the prisoner?
It was; we desired him to go with us to his house, in a court in Hill-street, Holywell-mount; I asked him if he knew a person of the name of Nealey; he told me he did; I asked him if he had let him have any sugar at any time; he refused to tell me whether he had or had not; I then proceeded to search, and asked him if he had got any sugar in his house; he said, no, he had not; I found a great deal of sugar broke up in lumps, fit to put into tea; I found this lump, (The lump produced by Vickery), wrapped up, in a closet; it appearing to be of the same quality with that that was found at Roberts's house I took it before the Magistrate; he seemed very much alarmed, and begged we would not take him before the Magistrate, but let him go; that he was very sorry for what he had done, and would never do so again; his wife went down upon her knees, and cried; I asked him if he could inform me where he bought the sugar, if he bought it at any shop in the neighbourhood; he told me he could not.
Did you search any where else?
Yes; from the information that I received from Robert's wife I searched Nealey's house, and there I found three bags, and a quantity of papers; there were some small pieces which corresponded with the fine sugar but we did not bring it away.
You said, upon my learned Friend's examination, he refused to tell you; did he say he would not tell you?
No; but he did not tell me.
The small piece was all you found there?
Yes.
What would it weigh?
I suppose a pound, for hardly so much.
Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am a shoe-maker: About a fortnight before Christmas, Holman met me in the street, and gave me a sample of sugar, and said, if I could sell that for him he would be obliged to me; my wife sold it, and I had no more of him for some time; six or seven weeks after that; sometimes he would bring me some twice a week, and sometimes he would not bring any for two or three weeks, I cannot fix any particular time.
I wish you to state, as near as you can recollect, how long before the 1st of August you received any sugar?
I cannot tell any date at all.
Did you receive any sugars of him before the 1st of August?
Yes.
As near as you can tell, how short a time before?
It is impossible for me to tell.
What did you do with the sugar that you did sell?
I sold two whole loaves to Mrs. Knotman.
What did you sell it for?
I cannot say; I did not receive the money, my wife received it.
Do you know any thing about the weight of the loaves?
No.
Did you observe any marks upon them?
No; I did not take any notice of it.
Who did you pay the money to that was paid to you?
Mr. Holman; I cannot recollect how much it was.
Do these two loaves look like them?
They are the same size.
You are a shoemaker, are not you?
Yes.
Have you no other trade?
No.
Do you deal in sugar?
No; it was brought to me.
You got nothing by it?
No.
Not a sixpence?
Oh, yes, many a sixpence; but it was entirely his own generosity.
Does your wife keep a shop?
No.
You thought it a very honest thing to be dealing in sugar, as a shoe-maker?
I had no suspicion at all.
There were some bags found at your house; look at these bags?
I do not doubt but they are the same; here is one marked S, I received it from the prisoner.
Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am the wife of the last witness.
Do you recollect receiving any sugar at any time before August?
Yes; the prisoner brought them to me in papers.
Do you recollect the size of them?
No.
Were they marked?
I do not know.
What did he desire you to do with them?
To sell them for him; I sold some to Mrs. Knotman for eleven-pence a pound; I carried the money to Holman, at a public-house in Whitecross-street, where there is a club held.
Did you give all the money that you received to Holman?
I did.
You got nothing by it neither?
No.
Your husband is a shoe-maker?
Yes.
You did not keep any shop for the sale of sugar?
No.
You thought it a very honest thing, no doubt, to be selling sugar?
I thought no harm in it.
Upon your oath, did you make no part of this story known till the officers came to your house?
No; I did not know that there was any harm in it.
So you derived no emolument from it?
Only a little beer now and then.
Did your husband receive nothing?
Now and then he might give him a sixpence, or a shilling.
How often might he give him a sixpence, or a shilling?
I cannot say; it was when they were out together.
What became of you after the officers came to your house?
I was sent to Bridewell.
Upon your oath, do not you know that you are swearing to save yourself from being prosecuted?
I do not know that I am.
Do not you know, that by giving evidence to-day, you yourself will not be prosecuted?
Was your husband in Bridewell?
Yes.
Look at the sugar that was found at Mrs. Knotman's, and tell us if you can, whether it is a part of what you sold to Mrs. Knotman?
I believe it to be the same that I received from Holman.
Do you mean to swear to these two pieces of sugar?
No; only I believe them to be the same.
Examined by Mr. Jackson. I bought some sugar of Mrs. Nealey last Monday three weeks, and I bought some about five weeks ago; the last that I bought of her was two small pieces, which Mr. Vickery took away.
Look at that sugar, is that the same?
I cannot say whether it is or not.
Do you believe it to be the same?
I do; they are two bottom pieces.
Suppose I were to shew you two pieces from another shop, of the same size, should you know the difference?
No.
Do you come from jail now?
No; I was in jail one night, with Mrs. Nealey and Mrs. Roberts.
And the next day you found bail?
Yes.
You told the officers all you knew about the sugar before they came to your house?
No, I did not.
Then, to save yourself, you told what you knew about it?
I don't understand you.
Do you think, after giving your evidence today, that you shall be prosecuted?
I do not know.
Look at these two pieces of sugar. (The sugar found at Mrs. Knotman's?
I can swear that this mark was on the sugar that is lost; it was marked 7, and a stroke on the bottom of the loaf, and the quality is the same; I believe it to have been my property.
Look at that bag. (The bag found at Nealey's)?
This is my bag, I know it by the number, the letter S, and figure 85.
Now look at the sugar found at the prisoner's?
It is the same quality.
Is that mark 7, and a stroke, your own making?
It is not.
Is there any other mark about it?
There is not.
Will you then undertake to swear merely from the circumstance of quality that is your property; would not any confectioner have sugar of that quality?
Certainly.
Would not they also have sugar with the mark of the manufacturer?
No doubt of it.
The sugar found at the prisoner's?
That I cannot swear to at all.
Now as to the bag, you know that by the number?
Yes.
Does it ever happen to you, as it does to other tradesman, that sacks are lent?
I never lent a sack in my life.
How many servants do you keep?
Four.
When you send out goods, do your servants use bags to carry them out in?
They do.
Are your other servants here?
No.
Will you swear, that on the 1st of August, that bag was not out, carried out by some one of your servants?
Not to my knowledge.
Might not they be in the custody of your servants to bring home your goods, without your knowledge?
They might.
Is the mark that is upon it your own mark?
No; it was a mark that I bought with it.
I never saw that sugar till it was laid before me at the office.
