My partners' names are Emanuel Bientz , George Hosch , John- Dietrich Lubbreu , and William Hosch , merchants ; we had a correspondence at Exeter, and had bills sent to us from James Pearce and Co. among others, one of thirty pounds fourteen shillings, which I took out of a letter myself on the 4th of May, drawn on Messrs. Hoares, bankers, in Fleet-street; the prisoner was with us as clerk without any salary, and is a foreigner; I gave the bill to him to take out for acceptance, and did not enquire for it next day; but in three or four days after, looking over my bills, I found this missing, and asked him if he had not called for it; he said, he had, and he had put it on my desk; I searched, but could not find it, and let some time elapse before I made further enquiry; near the time it became due, I sent to Hoare's to stop payment, and went myself the day after it became due, and found it had not appeared; I wrote to my correspondents, and applied again to Messrs. Hoares, but did not get payment of the bill; sometime after, Mr. Pearce came to town; I sent a clerk again to Messrs. Hoares, but did not get the money; at the beginning of August I sent again, and found the bill was paid; I went myself to Messrs. Hoares, and saw the bill; I suspected by whom it was received, by the handwriting on the back.
I am clerk to Messrs. Hoares, but cannot speak to the person of the prisoner; I paid the bill to a person on account of the receipt written on the back, on 30th of July, but whether it was wrote at the time I cannot say; I have a recollection of the prisoner's voice.
I believe it to be the prisoner's writing.
The prisoner was taken up above a month afterwards, soon after I found the bill was paid. Our house was solvent when the bill was sent to us; we stopped payment on the 5th of July, and were declared insolvent on the 15th; the bill was due on the 28th of May, and was paid on the 30th of July.
The prisoner was not a clerk, but learning the business of a merchant?
He was recommended by a friend to us for employment, to keep him out of harm's way.
I was employed by Mr. Hosch, and know the prisoner's writing; I believe this indorsement to be his.
I am an officer, and apprehended the prisoner on Sunday the 11th of September, at Hammersmith; I saw him looking out at the window; I went up stairs, he would not open the door, and I broke it open; coming home in a post-chaise, I read the warrant to him; he said, he was a foreigner, but knew he could not be arrested for debt on a Sunday; he said, Mr. Hosch was under trouble, and was arrested, and he could not find him out to pay him; I said it was very odd, I could see him every day; he said, he had not the money, but would give it him.
