I am superintendant to Mr. John Allen , who serves the East India company with lead.
On the 12th of December last did you deliver any lead to any barges.
I recollect we weighed one hundred tons the 12th or 13th of November, for the East India company; that lead was delivered to two different barges, it is all pig lead; one of the barges was the Martha, and the other the Trafalgar.
Do you know the owner's names of these two barges.
Mr. Green and Mr. Man; the lead was marked with the East India company's mark.
You are a bargeman.
Yes.
On Monday morning the 15th of December what quantity of lead did you receive on board the Trafalgar.
I do not know the exact quantity; I took in a quantity of lead, it was marked, I took it to Blackwall; that is after I stopped and moored her to a lighter astern of the Worcester; they could not get down till flood tide.
I believe you are bargeman to Mr. Green, what is Mr. Green's partner's name.
Mr. Man.
Does the Trafalgar belong to you.
Yes, and Charles Man , and the Martha too.
I am quartermaster on board the Worcester. On the 15th of December, late at night, I am the boatswain's mate went below to make our bed; we saw a pig of lead secreted under the cable, we removed the lead into a place of greater security. The next morning four lumpers came on board; they looked for the lead.
Was the prisoner at the bar one of them.
I cannot swear that he was one or no; they looked for the lead, and not finding it where they left it they lit a candle and found it; there were four persons, they came down, found the lead, and took it away to the Lazoret. In consequence of some noise I went down, I saw the pig of lead laying upon the support of the bits, and a carpenter's hand saw about an inch into it; there were three men rushed out against us. When we went in, the prisoner at the bar came to me; he says, d - n you, I know you are down to it, but we will splice it.
How long time might this be when you went there, after you saw four men take the lead away.
A quarter of an hour.
When the prisoner made that observation, what did you do or say.
I said not for a thousand guineas; I will not have any hand in it, and I would advise you to let it alone, or else you will come to harm. I left the Lazoret again, and returned in about ten minutes; after that I found it there the third time, and then the lead was nearly cut in two, all but half an inch.
Was there any other division in the lead.
Only one, nearly cut off to make two pieces of it; says he, d - n me, we will cut it off, then says I you must stand to the consequence. I then left sight of the lead, and immediately they took possession of the lead I gave the information.
How much did the lead weigh.
One hundred, one quarter, and fourteen pounds; they divided it to carry it.
You are a surveyor belonging to the Thames police.
I am; the lead was delivered to me on board the Worcester by the chief mate; it is what they call pig lead.
I am quite innocent of it, I know nothing of the lead.
