The prisoner I understand was a servant of your's?
He was.
Did you miss a Bank-note at any time?
Yes.
Had you received a letter containing any Bank-notes?
Yes.
What day?
I came to town on Saturday evening, the 1st of January, and found several letters on the table, but was so very ill, that I went to bed immediately, and remained there till six o'clock the next day. On Sunday evening, I sent for the letters, and opened them; one of them contained five notes to the\\ amountof forty-five pounds; four of them were ten-pound Bedford bank-notes, and a five-pound Bank of England note; I put the notes into the letter again, and left them in my bed-room on the table. Next day, I had not been below above three quarters of an hour to attend my physician, Sir Walter Farquhar, when I went up stairs again, and went to bed, having previously put the letters into the drawer of my secrefaire, but did not lock it. On the following morning, when I examined the letter, I found the five pound-note missing; upon which I sent for my valet, and told him the circumstance, commanding him to go to the different trades people I employed, and tell them, that if any servant of mine came with a five poundnote to change, to stop the person and the note. About two o'clock the next day, my servant, James Neale, brought me the five pound-note, saying, the baker had brought it, having stopped it on one of my servants, naming the prisoner; I then taxed the prisoner with it, and be acknowledged it.
Did you make him any promise or threat?
No; he fell down on his knees, and begged for mercy.
What did you say to him?
I asked him why he had robbed me of my money, and taken such an advantage when I was so dangerously ill. I then sent for a constable, and gave him in charge. I delivered the note to a serjeant.
Had you taken any particular notice of the note before?
No.
Then you can give no particular description of it?
No.
In what capacity was the prisoner?
My livery-servant, and had been one of my soldiers in the 76th regiment. He had not been with me a month as my servant.
Do you remember any letters being on the table on Colonel Monson 's return to town?
I do not.
Do you remember Sir Walter Farquhar being in the dining-room on Sunday the 2d of January, and the Colonel going down to him?
Yes.
Can you tell us who went into the Colonel's room that day?
Nobody but the prisoner and myself, to my knowledge; I and him were there.
Do you mean that you were together all the time?
No, we were not together.
Do you remember, when he was discovered, what passed?
When the baker sent for me to deliver the note to me, I met the prisoner in the passage, and he told me, he knew what the baker wanted with me.
Then he knew the baker had sent to you?
Yes. I was going to the baker, as he had sent for me, and the prisoner stopped me, and passed a few words, desiring me to tell my master I had found the note in the room.
This was before you went to the baker?
Yes.
Had you accused him at that time?
I had not.
Did any thing else pass between you?
No. I went to the baker, and he delivered the note to me, which I delivered to my master, without any further communication.
Were you present when he was called up to your master?
No.
What did the prisoner say to you?
He begged of me to tell my master that I had found it somewhere in the house; I said, I was very sorry for him, for I was afraid the baker wanted to see me about the note that was missing.
You are a serjeant in Colonel Monson's regiment?
Yes.
Do you remember being sent by him to serch a constable?
I do.
Did the Colonel give you a Bank-note?
He did, shortly after.
What did you do with it?
I gave it to the constable.
What are you?
A constable.
Do you produce a Bank-note?
Yes; which I received of the serjeant, and took the prisoner into custody. (Produces a note).
What are you?
I live with my father, who is a baker.
Do you know the prisoner?
I know him as being one of Colonel Monson 's servants.
Did you receive a five pound Bank-note of him at any time?
He presented a five pound note to be changed, on Tuesday the 4th.
Look at that note, and see if it is the same?
Yes, it is.
Is that the note you delivered to James Neale ?
Yes.
The note that is produced I found; I was going to get change at the baker's, and he asked me if it was for Colonel Monson ; I said, yes; says he, I am told if any one comes for change for a five pound note it is to be stopped, very well, said I, I will immediately go and call James Neale; I went and told him the baker wanted him; that is all I know.
