My partners names are James Butts , John Capel Hanbury , James Thomas , and Charles Beazley ; we are brick-makers .
Have you any houses
We have; in Globe-row, in the hamlet of Mile End Town . They were all of them covered with lead.
Was any part of the lead at any time taken away
There has been lead taken away from one part of the premises. I think about the 22nd of March a person of the name of Gardiner came and informed me that he had taken a man with lead on his person; I went to his house, he shewed me the lead that he had taken from this man; I desired the lead to be taken to the place from whence lead was missed; I went with him; I compared the lead with the place, and it appeared exactly to fit it; I was not present when Mr. Gardiner found the lead on the prisoner.
On the 20th of March, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner in my field, he was carrying this lead wrapped up in a sack; on seeing me he turned back; it was just about dusk; I knew him before. I had a young child in my arms; I gave it to my brother. I ran after him and laid hold of the end of the bag, behind him, I asked him what he had there; he replied, what is that to you. I held fast of the bag and looked him in the face, and said what is it you have got; he said he had nothing belonging to me; I told him it belonged to somebody else; I should stop him and the lead too. I took hold of his collar, he shoved me from him; I took hold of him again and called for my brother; I repeated a third name, to make it appear there was three of us, and when my brother drew near he said if I would let him go quietly, without holding of him, he would go with us; on them conditions I let him go; he walked about twenty paces and then he ran away; I pursued him half way across the fields; he escaped.
How long afterwards was it before you saw him again
On Saturday morning last, between five and six o'clock.
That is not quite two months ago
No; my brother came and told me that a man of that description had just past by; I told him to watch where he went to, I would be with him presently; he said he thought he went down Grove-row; he made an attempt at a gate, to perceive whether it was fast or not; at a house that was robbed a few nights before. I went the back way, and met him nearly opposite of Mr. Pagett's; I came upon him by surprise; he asked me what I wanted with him, I told him I wanted him for what he had done before, and I thought he was after no good then.
What had been his trade, do you know
He told the justice he was a lumper. I only know him to be a bad character. I delivered him to the officer, who took him before the magistrate.
When you took him first of all, did you take possession of the lead
Yes, he left the lead, and I secured it. I marked the lead. The prisoner said as I was coming down the road, this would but detain him a few months; and he would he d - d if he did not serve me out when he came out of trouble; with the most bitter oaths and expressions.
I am a plumber.
You saw the lead that Mr. Gardiner informed you had been found on the prisoner
Yes; the magistrate desired me to go and fit the lead to the place where it was supposed to be taken off; it did fit, there is no doubt it was the lead that covered Mr. Stanley's premises, it was a whole gutter; there is forty-one pounds weight of it; it is worth ten or eleven shillings.
