On the 24th of April last, where did you live
At Brentford in Middlesex .
What was the prisoner
I worked with him in my master's house; his name is Daniel Bourne . The prisoner was a journeyman baker and I was under him; I slept in the same room with him; at nine o'clock we both went to bed together.
When you went to bed had you a watch
Yes. My father left it me when he died; it is a gold watch.
What colour is the watch
It is white outside.
You have a watch in your pocket
Yes, a silver watch. On the 27th of April, I received a warrant from the magistrate to search the premises of Daniel Bourne , gingerbread-baker, in the Township of New Brentford, in the parish of Hanwell, Middlesex; I went to the house and I saw the prisoner; I told him I had a warrant to search his premises, I knew he lived there, I have known him for a number of years; he said he was very glad to see me, for he wanted a constable, he was accused of stealing the boy's watch, he knew nothing about it, and he was very willing I should search him; I searched his person to see if I could find the duplicate; I did not find any thing about him; he said he had two boxes up stairs if I would go up stairs with him; I went up stairs with him; one was locked, he took the key out of his pocket and unlocked it; I searched the box, I did not find the watch there; he said he had another box there if I would search that he would be glad, it was unlocked; he suspected the servant girl of the house, and the boy had put the watch there; he had a quarrel with them, and they were both his enemies; I looked in that box, and taking up some some loose things this watch lay under them; I took the watch and him before the magistrate, he was committed; I have had the watch ever since; it is a silver watch.
You went on the Thursday to search the place for what was lost on the Monday morning
Yes.
Nearly four days had elapsed before you found it, the prisoner was doing his work in the house
Yes.
He had an opportunity of getting rid of it
No doubt of that; I have known him twenty years; I believe him to be too honest for that; I know him to be an honest sober man.
The box that was locked he willingly opened with the key, and he told you he wished you to search the box that was unlocked
. Yes.
There was a servant girl that has left the place since, she went up stairs to make the bed
Yes; the girl left the master's service the night I made the search; she had warning previous to that.
You do not know whether they were upon good terms together
I do.
. The prisoner got up every morning before you and went to his work, did not he
Yes.
Betty, the servant girl and you were upon good terms
Not upon very good terms; she had been plagueing of me, she took away my gaiters and I lost a shilling up stairs.
Did Betty ever say to you that she thought she had better confess the frolic that she had with the old man
No.
On the morning when you told the prisoner of your loss he directly advised you to go to the magistrate and get a warrant
Yes.
You did not put the watch in the trunk yourself, did you
. No.
Your lordship, I cannot tell who put it in my trunk, the trunk was open; I persuaded him every day to get a constable and have every body searched in the house; I told him I should then be satisfied, and he would too; I said it grieves me that you should lose your watch. I cannot say that the lad had done any thing against me; I told him to do his business; he always said stop a bit, by that reason I had to do it myself, which sometimes made me so tired I could hardly walk up to bed; I told him I was in my master's place in the bake-house; and two or three times the maid did things which was not her place to do to me.
