I am a labouring man , I came up to the Plough, at Kensington Gravelpits , to abide a week or a fortnight, till I could get a place: on Monday morning the 19th of May, about ten o'clock, I went to Esquire Robertson's, to see if I could get a coachman's place; I put on the best clothes I had, I had eight guineas in my breeches pockets in three papers, four in one paper, two in another, and two in another, they were in both pockets; the same evening I took the money out of my breeches pocket, I wrapped it up all in one parcel, in a piece of brown paper, and put it in a box; on the Tuesday evening, the prisoner at the bar came into the Plough, at Kensington Gravel-pits, and I went up stairs and put away my clothes, the box was kept in the room where the prisoner slept; there are three beds in the room, the prisoner and his comrade slept in one bed, and a lad and I slept in another, nobody slept in the other bed; on Wednesday evening, when I went to bed, I tried the hasp and it was fast; on Thursday morning, I went to the box to look for my razor, I went to put the key into the lock, and found it did not go as usual, I undid it by some means or other; I looked after the money the first thing, I could not find it; the things in the box had been moved; I mentioned in the house that I had lost my money; I got a warrant, and took up the two soldier s at Staines, about six o'clock on Thursday evening; we found upon the prisoner four guineas and a half, nine shillings in silver, and three-pennyworth of halfpence; we took him before a Justice, and he was committed.
Was your money all in guineas?
It was; there was one guinea, I can swear to it as a guinea that I have had, I dare say, thirteen or fourteen years, the first I ever saved, it was a very nice rough guinea of 1786.
Was it a spade guinea?
No.
I am a constable of the parish of Staines, (produces four guineas and a half;) I had a warrant to apprehend two soldiers on suspicion of felony; I went in search of the prisoner, I found him drinking at the Three Tuns, at Staines; Penn went with me, and said, that is your prisoner, I immediately tapped him on the shoulder, and said, be was my prisoner; he would not go with me at all; I took out a pair of handcuffs, and then he said he would go; I took him to the Red-Lion, where the officer was quartered, and there searched him; the Magistrate ordered me to return him nine shillings and three-pence, and keep the rest which I produce; the other soldier was discharged.
This guinea I can speak to, and I believe the other three to be mine.
On the 6th of April, I was discharged from the Warwickshire Fencible Cavalry, at Coventry; I received seventy-one days arrears, fourpence halfpenny a day, one pound six and seven-pence halfpenny; then I received fourteen days pay, at one and three-pence a day, seventeen and sixpence, and thirteen shillings for doing a serjeant's horse, and I sold my bridle and saddlebags, and horse-cloth, and a pair of buck-skin breeches, two pair of black gaters, and a pair of trowsers to a serjeant, I got one pound eleven and sixpence for them; I was discharged, and did not know how to carry them home; on the 16th of April, I inlisted in the Royal Waggon Train, and got two guineas bounty, then I went upon a recruiting party for the Plymouth division, and got a recruit, and I had two guineas for him; then I was ordered to Birmingham, and from there to Nottingham; then I was ordered to Hertford, and from there I came to this house; I was billetted there, and was very ill, being wet and tired, and I went to bed, the landlord dried my jacket for me, and brought it up to the bed to me, and then I started for Staines.
I am an artificer in the Royal Waggon Train; I come to speak to the prisoner's character, and to the money that I saw him have on Sunday night and Monday night the 18th and 19th of May; Monday night I saw him with five golden guineas, and four half guineas, he pulled them out to pay my wife for his washing, and she changed him one half-guinea.
Were you with him at the time?
No, I was at Blackwall; I have known the prisoner between six and seven years; I served five years in the same troop with him, in the Warwick Light Dragoons, he was discharged when the regiment was broke up, and then he entered into the Royal Waggon Train, in the same troop that I serve in now, and he had two guineas bounty; I never heard of any thing amiss in him.
Did you hear of his having had two guineas for a recruit?
Yes, I heard that many times at Ware.
Before the Magistrate, the prosecutor said he could not swear to the money.
He said he could not see very well to swear to it, it was dark, it was near ten o'clock at night when the man was committed; he said, his father had sent it him, and that he had sold his watch.
He said, before the Magistrate, he suspected it to be part of the money that he had lost.
