- I am a publican in Clement's-lane, Clare-market ; I had been frequently robbed, and at last I found that a hole had been made in the party-wall between the next cellar and mine, that was on the Sunday; on the Monday, the 3d of November, I sent for a bricklayer, and had the hole stopped; on the Saturday following. I perceived that the bricklayer's work had been removed, which gave me a suspicion that the thieves were coming again; here are two witnesses in Court that sat up that night. About a quarter before five in the morning, I was called down, and saw the prisoner in the tap-room in their custody; I questioned him about the property I had lost, but he said he did not know any thing of it; I asked him how he came there, but he did not give any account of himself.
I set up at Mr. Harvey's to watch; about three o'clock in the morning, I thought I heard a noise in the cellar, I went to look, and the hole was stopped up.
(To Harvey.) Had you had it stopped again?
No; I discovered that it had been broke, and the bricks put in again loose, without any mortar.
I saw the bricks in the hole; and about half past four, I heard them, as I thought, coming into the cellar; I listened attentively till I was convinced there was somebody in the cellar; I then advanced with a cutlass, and there I perceived the prisoner about two yards within the cellar; I thought I heard two voices in the cellar as I advanced; with that, I made a stroke with my cutlass, but missed my stroke; Parsley then came with a light, and the prisoner was then making his escape, and had got partly through the hole, and with great difficulty Parsley and I got him back again.
Are you positive it was this boy that was in the cellar?
Yes; he had a black coat on, or a dark coloured coat.
About a quarter before five in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Mr. Harvey's cellar, about two yards in; when I came up to assist the man, the boy was making his escape out at the hole; I asked him what he came there for; he said, the other boy had shown him the hole to sleep there; we secured him, took him up into the tap-room, and called Mr. Harvey down.
I am a bricklayer: Mr. Harvey sent for me to repair the hole; I made a found job of it, and it was broke in afterwards, again.
A little boy called me up to go a mushrooming; it was a very wet morning; my father said, if I went out of the house, he would give me a lathering, and when I came out, I thought my father was after me, and I ran down there; I had no intent to steal.
