Look at that book - did you purchase that book any where
Yes, at Mr. Richardson's, on the 21st of April last.
Where does Mr. Richardson live
In Cornhill, opposite of the Exchange.
Did you print that book
I did; I printed it for Mr. Sanderson.
Did he give you any directions for the title
General directions; that is, the title he handed to us.
I see his name is not in the title - to where did you afterward send the copy
To Cadell and Davis.
What is your partner's name
Thomas Cadell .
Look at this book, did you at any time publish that book
We did, for Mr. Sanderson; he brought us the book, I think the title page was not printed; he said he had been recommended to us by Mr. Gallaway, to publish a work he was then printing for him, a book of the Island of Trinadad; he said there was nothing in it that any bookseller might have to object to, that he would lay as much as was printed before us that we ourselves might look into it; my answer to him was, that the nature of our business was so well known that no gentleman would put into our hands a book of public or private censure; that Gallaway must know.
Did Mr. Marriott call upon you at any time
He did. I immediately, to the best of my recollection, directed the copies to be put away and told our servants not to allow another to be sold; I imagine that Mr. Marriott learned from our men that the circulation was stopped.
Did you see Mr. Sanderson
He enquired the reason; I told Mr. Sanderson there were matters in his book of a libelous tendency, that was sufficient for us to stop the sale; I ordered all the copies to be put away; the copies were all then put away; I believe they were not taken away then.
All this goes so far as to shew that somebody told him it was libelous.
You, I believe sir, are a bookseller
Yes.
Did you publish that book
I did not publish it in the first instance, I afterwards sold it for Dr. Sanderson.
When did he bring it forward
I should suppose about the spring of the year 1808; he stated that he was the author himself, that he should advertise it in his own name, though the name was not in the title, but as a security to me, in the sale, he should do it.
You perceived that Cadell and Davis was in the title page
Yes. Dr. Sanderson stated to me if I thought it would do any injury to me, he would put his name in the title page.
Did he communicate to you the reason for publishing the work
I do not think he did; something passed about Mr. Marriott making objection to it. [Page 19, 75, 79, and 80, read, and a note at the bottom of the page.]
The note comes not where the star is.
The note ought to be introduced in its place; it must come in that part where the star is; if you transpose any thing, you may quite alter any thing.
