- I am the wife of William Garland , who keeps the Red-lion, Bermondsey . At the time of the robbery we kept the Carpnter's-arms, in the Dog-row, Bethnal green : On the 24th of August, the prisoner came to our house, with another person, in a chaise-cart, about three o'clock in the afternoon, my husband and Mr. Higgins, the distiller's clerk, were going out at the door at the time; Mr. Higgins seemed to be very well acquainted with the prisoner, they shook hands, and seemed to be very intimate; there was a shabby looking man with him. The prisoner asked me for a pen and ink, and a bit of paper, and said, if I had not got any he would send his man out for some; he said he wanted to make out a bill against one Mr. Potts, a cow-keeper; he then had sixpenny worth of rum and water, and asked me to give him change for a ten pound, or a fifteen pound note; I told him I would try what I could do, and went up stairs, and fetched four one pound notes, a half-guinea, a seven-shilling-piece, and a half-crown, which I put upon the table; he said that was of no use, for he wanted to give change for a ten, or a fifteen pound note, remarking, at the same time, to me, that these gentlefolks did not care how they served a poor fellow when they got in his debt; he then went away, leaving the change, saying, I will be back in five minutes; the man that was with him asked me where I came from; I told him I came from Deptford, and he seemed to be acquainted with every body that I knew at Deptford. The prisoner then came back, and said, what sum can you make up; I said, there is five pounds, as I told you before; he said, there is five take that; he took it up, and said he would be back in five or ten minutes, and told the other man to wait; some people came in to be served, and when the man saw me busy, he came and asked me if I could get him a bit of salmon, I called to my niece to get some; the man said, I will not trouble your niece, I will go myself if you will lend me a bason; I gave him a bason, and saw no more of either of them.
You laid the money down upon the table, and has no objection to his taking it?
No.
You expected he would return, and pay you?
Yes, certainly.
He had not shewed you any note?
No; and I think I must have been berest of my senses to let him have it.
You expected a five pound note for it?
Yes.
And instead of giving you a five pound note, he took up the money and walked off with it?
Yes.
I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street, I apprehended the prisoner in December last: He told me he had borrowed the five pounds, and meant to pay it again.
I bought a cow of a cowkeeper, in the neighourhood of this lady, and borrowed the five pounds of her.
