Where do you live?
In Short's-gardens, at No. 8 .
What are you?
A smith ; I was at work at the time the robbery was done, at Mr. Godsal's, in Long-acre.
What day of the week was it?
On the Saturday; Mrs. Sullivan rents the house; I have one room in it.
How long have you been in it?
Better than eighteen months.
Is that the child that was in the house?
Yes.
What do you know about this business?
The prisoner came to my place a month ago last Saturday, and enquired for Mrs. Graham.
Did she see you in your room?
Yes; I told her, Mrs. Graham was gone to live at the Coach and Horses, in the one pair back room.
Did you go out?
Yes; I only just latched the door, and left the child in the cradle; I went up stairs for an iron, and staid about ten minutes; when I returned again, the things were missing; I missed a pair of sheets, two shirts, a shift, and an apron.
Did you ever see the things afterwards?
I went to all the pawnbrokers about, that I could; I happened to go to a pawnbroker's, in Turnpin-alley, Leicester-square; I saw my apron and shift upon the counter, I told the pawnbroker they were mine; the pawnbroker asked me who stole them; I told him I did not know, I was afraid my husband would lick me, and the pawnbroker gave me a description of the person; I know it was the prisoner that had been in my room.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street: The last witness came to me, and told me, she knew where the prisoner lived; I apprehended her in a back room; I took her up, she begged for mercy; I asked her where the remainder of the things were; she told me, they were all at one place.
And they were all at one place?
Yes, they were.
(To Mrs. Richards.) Look at these things?
I have no mark upon them.
Are they the same sort?
They are like them.
The pawnbroker produces three shirts, you missed but two?
No; two of them are coloured, and one white; they were coloured ones that I lost.
(To the prosecutor.) Look at these things, and see if you know them?
I have no mark upon them, but here is one of the shirts that the sleeves are not like the body.
To Mrs. Richards.) Did you lose such an apron as that?
Yes, I lost a check apron.
Were the sheets of that sort?
Yes; they were dirty.
(To Wheatley.) Do you know who pawned these things?
Yes, the prisoner at the bar, on the 10th of December last, between six and seven o'clock in the evening.
