What are you?
I am a tea dealer , I live in St. Mary Axe .
Have you any partner?
Yes, William Baxter ; the prisoner lived with me as porter about three months: On the evening of the 26th of December, he was sent to the Post-office, he threw his great coat over a chest of tea in the warehouse just before he went out, and when he was gone I happened to go down the warehouse, and put my hand upon the coat, and I felt something in it which apparently was like tea; when he returned, I let him have his usual course; he took his coat to go home; after he went out, I sent a young man that lives with us to call him back again, and when he had fetched him back, I asked him what he had got in his pocket; he seemed rather reluctant when he returned, he threw his great coat down inside of the door before he came into the accompting-house; when he came in, I asked him where his coat was, and why he had left it behind; the coat was brought into the accompting-house, he took the tea out of his pocket in a paper bag; I then asked him how he came by it; he rather acknowledged it, and said it was his first offence; I then sent for a constable, and gave charge of him; there was rather better than a pound of tea found upon him.
How did he behave in your service?
Extremely well, and I had the highest character with him.
On Wednesday evening, the 26th of December, I was in the accompting-house, Mr. Watts called me to know whose coat this was; I told him; he requested me to search the pocket, which I did, and I found a paper of tea in it; when he went home, I stood at the street-door, to see which way he went; as soon as he got from the house, I requested him to come back, as Mr. Watts wanted to see him; I brought him back, and when he came into the accompting-house Mr. Watts questioned him as to what he had in his great coat; he was told to take it out, which he did; he said, it was the first time that he ever committed such an offence, and he hoped Mr. Watts would overlook it.
I am a constable; I produce the tea found in his pocket, and some more tea, chocolate, and some paper bags, that were found in his lodgings the next morning.
