I am a soldier belonging to the West London militia, and have been nearly five years; the prisoner employed me on the 26th of October; I was standing in upper Thames-street looking out for a job; I did not know him before; my comrade and I were standing together; he employed me to take a parcel over Tower-hill; he went away, and I went with him to the corner of the lane, a warehouse just opposite a church, in Upper Thames-street ; when the prisoner was ready, he called me to him, and asked if he could trust me with a parcel; I told him my name, and he put it on the counter with chalk; he lent me a porter's knot, and I took it to No. 64, East Smithfield, to one Mr. Bryce's, a tallow-chandler's shop; the prisoner gave me a note with it; I took the parcel to the house I was directed to.
Did the prisoner go with you?
No; I saw a woman in the house; I told her I had brought a parcel for Mr. Bryce; she said, come in; then she said, there is an officer behind, take it away, I will have nothing to do with it, this is not the place it is directed to; I said, it is directed here, and it is impossible for me to get it up again myself, it weighed one hundred and forty-four pounds; she said, take it out, here is an officer coming; an officer then came in, who is dead and buried, but here is one of the party, his name is Smith; they opened the parcel, it contained blacksmiths files and rasps, all new; they took me into custody, and took me before a Magistrate; I went along with the officers to the shop where I had the parcel from, and the prisoner acknowledged he had given me the parcel, and helped me up with it to take over to East Smithfield.
You were taken prisoner upon this occasion?
Yes.
That was the first time, and the last time I hope?
Yes.
The prisoner was quite a stranger to you?
Yes.
When you went to the prosecutor's shop, did you see a Mr. Tyson there, who was the foreman?
I saw nobody but the prisoner.
Did you not see another man there, not so tall as him?
No; there was no other person there.
Do you mean to say you did not see a person of the name of Tyson in the shop?
There was no such person; there was nobody there but him and me.
Do you remember, at the Thames Police-office, a person of the name of Tyson coming as a witness?
Yes; but he was not in the shop at the time I took the load, he was there in the evening, after I was taken up.
Was not Tyson admitted a witness for the crown?
He was taken up by the prisoner's recommendation.
And charged with having stolen the property, and given it to you?
No; no person gave me the property but this man.
Was he not admitted King's evidence?
Yes.
Is he here to-day as a witness?
He is somewhere about here.
After you came before the Justice, did you see a little man of the name of Tyson?
Yes.
And then he was charged by the prisoner?
Yes.
I am an officer belonging to the Thames Police: I went with the last witness to Upper Thames-street, to Dealy's and Company, at the bottom of Suffolk-lane, just by Allhallow's Church; when I got into the shop I saw the prisoner, the last witness was with me, and he pointed out the prisoner as the man that gave him the note; I then called him on one side, and asked him if he had sent any parcel out by this man; he told me he had; I asked him what it contained; he told me it contained eight dozen rasps and files, four dozen of each; I asked him if he could recollect when that order was executed; he told me it was executed last week, by Mr. Brice; I asked him if the order was made with him or with his master; he told me it was made with his master; I asked him if there was a bill of parcels given at the time the order was made; he told me yes; I told him it was not a customary way to give a bill of parcels when the order was made, it was customary to give it with the goods; I then told him the last witness was in custody upon suspicion of illegal possession of this property, and I should be very glad if he would go down to the office, as he stated it was a fair order; upon which he said, I cannot go now, my master is in Hyde-Park, and I have nobody at home to mind the shop; it happened to be the general review day; I told him he would not be gone above half an hour, or three quarters of an hour, and I persuaded him to leave a message with the maid servant, which he did; he went with me to the Thames Police-office, and in going by Brice's, I said to my brother officer, Glover, who is now no more, go into Brice's, and ask him if he has got a bill of parcels; he went in, but Brice was not at home; I went on with the prisoner, and the last witness and Glover followed me; when we got near Nightingale-lane, the prisoner ran away, I had not taken him into custody, nor told him that I had any suspicion about him; I then pursued and took him; he was very obstinate, and shewed fight to me; I asked him how he came to run away; and his reply was, he thought I was going to put him on board the Tender; he did not know what I was going to do with him; I took him to the office, and the next day he acknowledged his guilt.
Was what he said taken down in writing?
I don't know.
Do you believe it was taken down?
I don't think it was that night.
It was afterwards, when the other man was apprehended? -
Was not Mr. Mason, the clerk, writing at this time?
Yes.
Did he not read over the next day, what he had taken in writing the night before?
No.
Tell us what the prisoner said? -
He said, I have been led into an error, and even mentioned the man's name, Tyson.
Is that all he said?
Yes, to my knowledge; the next day he represented the same thing to the firm of the house.
Did he not say, that Tyson was foreman, and that Tyson told him this bundle was to go to Brice's, and that he sent it off accordingly?
I don't recollect that.
Was it not in consequence of that, that Tyson was taken into custody?
Yes.
(Proves the firm of Millington and Co.) I carry on their business at No. 151, Thames-street, the corner of Suffolk-lane, near the Church of Allhallows the Great: On Wednesday the 26th of October, I saw the prisoner in the shop, he had nothing to do with us, he belonged to Dealy and Company, which is about twenty yards from our shop; he was carrying out a load.
Had that house any dealings with your house?
Yes, we had occasionally; he had come before, and I had not the most remote suspicion of him. (The property was produced, and identified by the witness.)
Had your house any dealings with a house, No. 64, East-Smithfield?
Never to my knowledge.
How long have you been connected with the house?
Thirty-three years; they are all new articles; every file has a private mark.
The prisoner did not belong to your house at all?
No.
He could have had no access to the property in that house, but through the medium of Tyson?
Tyson was the man who had access to it; four of our people were exercising in Hyde-park that day.
The prisoner at the bar carried out before your face the parcel which was your property?
Yes.
Do you not know that Tyson gave it to the prisoner to carry away?
I did not see Tyson deliver them; I saw the man go out with the property.
Was not Tyson in the warehouse at the time?
Yes.
Did you know what he was carrying out?
I knew he had rasps.
You are a servant to the prosecutors?
No, servant to Mr. Smith's house.
Do you know the prisoner?
Yes: On Tuesday evening previous to Wednesday the 26th, I went to the Three Cups, Dowgate-hill, where I ordered a friend to wait that I meant to sup with; I met the prisoner coming out of the same public-house; he wanted to talk to me upon this business, and I wanted to go to my friend; he called me a fool for going; he asked me if he could see me in the morning; he said, Mr. Dealy, his master, was going out to see the review, and the other gentlemen were going to exercise. On Wednesday morning I had occasion to go to Little Bush-lane, just beyond his house, and on returning back again he was leaning over the door, and called me a fool; about five minutes afterwards he brought me an order, which is since torn up, or lost, or something of that kind;
You never saw it afterwards?
No.
Was it his hand-writing?
I believe it to be his hand-writing; I had seen him write before.
What was it?
The order expressed this: \"Please to deliver the bearer four dozen of fifteen-inch flat files.\"	"a
Do you recollect whether that order was signed by any body?
No, it was not.
Were there any rasps?
Not in the order.
Had you agreed that he should come with an order?
No, I had not.
Upon the production of that order, what did you do?
I went up into the warehouse, and delivered three dozen, I think, of fifteen-inch flat files, and I think one dozen of fourteen-inch; about five minutes afterwards he came again, took me by the sleeve, and said, follow me up stairs; I went up stairs, and he took four dozen of rasps, which he said Mr. Brice would give him half-a-guinea, or ten shillings a dozen for, and he took them away; as we came down stairs, I saw my master talking in the warehouse; he went past my master, and he made way for him to go out; he took them away to his own master's house; I did not see him till near eleven o'clock.
What time did all this pass?
Just before breakfast, about eight o'clock; I saw him come to our door, he asked me if I could let him have any more goods; I told him, while he was teazing me in this sort of way, I could not follow my business, and told him to go away; he said, before he went away, that he had sent a soldier off with those goods, and he was waiting for his coming back; he told me he had sent them to Brice's, I think that was the name, I have been at the house; I did not see the prisoner any more that day, I was taken up the next day morning; I have been in the House of Correction ever since.
You said, just now, you believed the man's name was Brice?
I used to call him Price.
Have you not been often at Brice's house?
Not till the prisoner took me there.
Did you not carry things frequently there when the prisoner was not there?
But once; and that I mentioned to the gentlemen.
How long have you lived with these gentlemen? -
I have lived twelve months with them.
Were you ever a servant before?
Yes.
What trade were you before you came to live with these gentlemen?
I was in the navy.
A volunteer, no doubt?
I went as captain's servant.
Were you a servant before you went on board a King's ship?
Yes.
You swear that?
Yes:
Do you know Mr. Turner?
I was apprenticed with him.
What is he?
A watch case joint finisher; my master had a very bad wife, and she used me very ill; and one thing and another, my master cancelled my indentures, and I went with my master's consent.
Upon your oath, do you mean to say that the reason you left your master's service, was because he had got a bad wife?
It was the reason.
Did not your master charge you with robbing him?
Never, I will take my solemn oath before God and man, he never charged me with robbing him in his life.
Do you mean to swear your master never accused you of any thing dishonest about his house?
He never did.
How long did you live with him as an apprentice?
Two years, and rather better; I bore an excellent character from all the captains in the service.
Do you mean to persist that the reason you left your master was that he had got a bad wife?
Yes.
You had lived for twelve months with the prosecutors?
Yes.
You never gave any information to your masters till you were taken into custody?
No.
Had you never known of any thing else being stolen from the shop before this?
Yes, the prisoner enticed me to let him have these things; he took away some files, and told me he had lost them; that an officer came up, and he threw them down.
You never told your masters any body wanted to entice you to rob them?
No.
This man was to bring you an order, was that agreed upon between you before?
He said he hoped I would be up soon in the morning, as they were going a soldiering, and he would come and take the things out of the warehouse, and go to Mr. Brice's.
What was you to have?
He told me he would give me half the money.
Then you let him have the things?
Yes, he told me he had sent a soldier with them.
(To Crook.) Where was this warehouse situated?
I cannot say the name of the lane.
Nor you have not heard since?
No.
(To John Smith .) The corner of what lane did you go to?
I think the corner of Suffolk-lane, but I cannot swear to the lane.
You know the house where Millington and Co. live, that is at the corner of Suffolk-lane?
Yes.
Was that the place where you went to the prisoner?
No, that is the corner of Bush-lane; I went to the other place to apprehend Tyson.
On the 26th of October, Tyson came to me, and asked if my master was gone to the Review; Tyson desired me to come to the warehouse, and he gave me four dozen of files, and desired me to send them to East-Smithfield; afterwards he gave me four dozen of rasps, and told me to send them to Brice's; I called the soldier, and sent him with them.
