I live at Mrs. Wilson's, in Half-moon-court, Wapping: Last Sunday I was coming from the Ship and Star about twelve o'clock at night, or half an hour after, I met two men dressed in sailor's clothes, one confined my arms, and the other took the watch out of my pocket.
Did you struggle?
No, I was too helpless to struggle, I was rather in liquor, I sung out watch, three or four times; when the watchman came, I told him I was robbed, and shewed him which way they went; the next day I went to every pawnbroker's shop in London, to the best of my knowledge, for them to stop the watch; one of the runners came to me at the Ship and Star, and told me my watch was found; it had my name round the dial plate instead of figures.
Do you know who the persons were that laid hold of you?
No, only that they were dressed in sailor's clothes.
Is the prisoner one of them?
I cannot safely say that; the prisoner was stopped with the watch.
I am servant to Mr. Sowerby, pawnbroker, the corner of Millyard: On Monday morning a man came to our shop, in order to have his watch stopped; he said, the name of Benjamin Berry was round the dialplate, that the number of it was 99, the maker's name he did not recollect, but it was at Chelsea; in the afternoon of the same day the prisoner tendered the watch to pledge, and seeing the name round the dial-plate, Mr. Sowerby jumped over the counter, and told the prisoner that he was detained; Mr. Sowerby enquired of him where he got the watch; he said he found it at the landing-place at Union-stairs, to the best of my recollection he said that morning; my master sent for an officer, who took the prisoner into custody. (Produces the watch.)
I am sure this is my watch, I had it made on purpose for me, it cost me five guineas and a half.
I was sent for to Mr. Sowerby's, to take the prisoner into custody; we took him in custody; I asked him how he came by that watch; he said, he found it at Unionstairs, about six in the morning; the prisoner was dressed as he is now, in a blue jacket; I asked him who was present with him when he found the watch; he said, a brother of his, I do not recollect whether he said a brother or a boy; we sent for the prosecutor, and he immediately said, you are the man that robbed me, and we were obliged to put him cut of the room, or else I believe he would have struck him.
(To Berry.) Did either of them strike you?
I had a blow from somebody, but I cannot say from whom.
I belong to the Venus brig, I am cook of her; I came on shore on Sunday evening, just about dusk; I have got a witness here who saw me find the watch at Union-stairs.
Do you know the prisoner?
I have seen him at my house three or four times in Church-lane, Whitechapel, I am a gun-maker; about one o'clock on Sunday morning he went out, and I saw no more of him, till I saw him here.
The prisoner is a ship-mate of mine; I was with him on the Sunday night when he came on shore, till he went on board again on the Monday morning, about six o'clock.
Did you see any thing of a watch?
Yes; I saw the watch first, it was lying down by Unionstairs, about three or four feet off the stairs.
Look at that watch, and tell me if that is the watch?
Yes, this is the same watch, I know it by the letters; I spoke to him, and told him there was a watch lying there, and he took it up, and put it in his pocket; then we went on board, and staid on board till night, we came on shore about six o'clock.
What were you on board the ship?
I am before the mast; then we went to pawn the watch to divide the money, as it was found between him and me.
Did you go into the shop with him?
Yes, and he was stopped with it.
(To Williams.) Look at that lad, did he come with the prisoner?
Yes; I did not mention it, because I thought it was not material.
(To Berry.) Can you tell the size of the men that robbed you?
No, they came upon me flyly, and were gone in an instant. NOT GUILTY .
