I am a coach-maker , in Bridge-road, Lambeth; the prisoner was a smith , employed by me, he worked half a day one day, and a quarter of a day the next day, I never saw him after; I missed two iron screw taps a few days after, which I found again in about six weeks, or two months, at Mr. Tweedie's shop, Coy's-gardens, Tottenham. court-road; Tweedie asked for the stocks to match the taps to, and then he produced them; we took the stocks with us, and they fitted exactly. (Produces them.)
They will not answer the purpose of any other stocks?
No; the taps are for the axletrees, and the stocks are to screw the nuts on; it is a thing I never suffered to go out of my shop, it is a right-hand and a left-hand stock.
You missed these some days after the prisoner had left you?
Yes.
Do you mean to say you had them in your possession while he was with you?
I saw them every day.
Then how came you not to miss them for several days?
Because we did not want to use them.
Will not that tap fit a die from one inch even to two?
We can screw them up to four or five inches.
Then it will sit a die, from one inch to two?
No, it will not sit; the nuts will be of no use, when the work is done, it will not cut a clean thread, unless they are made for each other.
Have you knowledge enough of the subject to say whether these taps are finished by a right or a left-handed man?
The taps are one righthand, and the other left-hand, there must be two men employed to use it.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am servant to Mr. Pike; the prisoner was at work for my master, three quarters of a day, I saw no more of him till he was apprehended; these are the taps that were in my master's possession when the prisoner came into his employment; I missed these taps two or three days after he was gone, I had occasion to use them.
Can you tell me whether these taps are made by a right-handed or a left-handed man?
A right-handed man may make both.
Are they filed by a right-handed or a left-handed man?
I know a right-handed man can file them both, I cannot distinguish any difference.
Were you the first that told Mr. Pike they were missing?
I believe I was.
Had your master discharged any workmen about that time?
No.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a smith, in Tottenham-court. road; I know the prisoner at the bar, he worked for me about six weeks.
Do you remember buying any taps of him?
Yes, somewhere about the middle of July.
Look at these taps?
I am not so well acquainted with them as the man that works with me; I believe these are the same, I gave five shillings for them.
They cost me twenty-five shillings new, and they are the better for being old, because they are seasoned.
Did you ever buy any taps of the prisoner before?
No; the taps laid in my shop, I suppose, three weeks before I paid for them; I had them valued by a screw-maker, at four shillings.
Had you any stocks to those taps?
No.
You are not certain that these are the very screws that you bought of the prisoner?
No.
Did I understand you rightly, that in the begining of your evidence, you said you had no doubt they were the same?
I have not much doubt.
Had you any other taps in your house about this time?
No.
Did any other man bring you any taps?
No; when I bought them, they were very much out of repair, my man was a day and a half repairing them.
I bought these taps of a young man that was going Armourer's mate on board an Indiaman.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a coach tire-smith, in all its branches, in Ogle-court, Great Marybone-street; the prisoner worked for me at the time that he was taken up; he worked for me, from the 6th of June, to the 26th of July; from me he went to Mr. Tweedie's, and then came to work for me again; I always found him a very honest man.
Do you think any man is able to swear to taps?
It is impossible, unless he has a private mark.
Suppose they fit the stocks?
There are so many, it is impossible to swear to them; I have two pair with me, the same tap may fit different stocks.
Mr. Pike has said, that it will not answer the purpose, though it is of the same size?
It certainly will answer the purpose.
Do not you think a man could swear to a pair of taps if he had no other in his house?
I think he could not.
Had you employed Tweedie to procure you a pair of taps?
No, I had not. The prisoner called four other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
