I am a baker, and live at No. 45, Cannon-street, St. George'sin-the-East; the prisoner was my servant.
My husband is a weaver, and we live on Bethnal-green , we had bread of Mr. Hutchins: On the 2d of September, I paid twenty-five shillings to the prisoner; he did not give any receipt, because it was to be set down in a small book, but which I could not then find.
How much did you owe Mr. Hutchins for bread?
It might be 20l. but we now pay him for what we have.
When the prisoner received money, he put it down?
Yes.
How many 25s. have you paid him?
Only once, and that was on the 2d of September, which I recollect, because I have children, and the fair was talked of.
On the 2d of September, I left orders for 25s. to be paid to the baker; I mostly keep this book, (producing it;) but then I said, never mind, let the baker set it down next time; there was another time before that it was not set down; there is only two marks of his.
Whose marks are those?
The two first are the prisoner's.
Whose are the others?
I put his initials, T N, to it, after he went away.
Then you forged the prisoner's receipt?
No; I put it down to shew Mr. Hutchins, whom I paid it to, as the prisoner was gone away; I paid for the bread I received.
This book was kept in your hands, not in the hands of the prisoner?
Yes.
On the 4th of August, you paid 1l.?
Yes.
Was the book forth coming?
No; I said I told not find the book, and he should set it down another time.
I suppose you told him to put it down the next time he came?
No; not till the next time I paid more money.
How many times did you see him between the 4th of August and the 2d of September?
I cannot say.
You saw him after the 2d of September, for he left his master's service on the 11th?
Not to my knowledge.
When did you write that entry of the 4th of August?
Not till after the prisoner had left Mr. Hutchins, and I made them both at once.
Can you give any reason for so closely representing the prisoner's signature?
Not at all; I did not attempt it, I write sometimes one way, and sometimes another, and the prisoner said he could not write, and said, he would thank me to write it for him the first time, and from that time I marked T N, and know no more about it.
And after his having told you he could not write, yet he wrote T N twice, and you wrote as much like his as you could?
No; I wrote it with no other intention than to shew Mr. Hutchins who I had paid the money to, as I had paid him once a month, and I did not know it was not paid, till Mr. Hutchins sent for me.
I was present when the money was paid to the prisoner; I saw my aunt give him a five shilling paper of halfpence, and a one pound note which she had in her hand.
How do you know whether it was a one pound note?
I don't know.
How do you know it was five shillings worth of halfpence?
I heard my aunt say so.
The last money I received was a twenty shilling note.
