I live at No. 66, Aldgate High-street.
Have you any partner?
I have, Michael Scales : On Friday evening last the prisoner was detected by a witness who is here present; he knocked at the door, and asked me if the prisoner, who was going across the road, had bought a sheep of mine; it is commonly called a sheep, but it was a carcase of mutton; I followed him, and collared him, and brought him back.
I am a butcher, I live in Paternoster-row, Spitalfields; I saw the prisoner carry the sheep out of the shop, I did not see him take it; it was a carcase of mutton, and as he carried it out of the shop, he dropped the cloth from off his shoulder; he took it out of one butcher's shop, and went into the next shop with it, and when he came out of that shop, I gave him the cloth; he said it was his; I told Mr. Scales what I had seen; we then went across the way, and fetched him back, and sent for an officer.
What became of this carcase of mutton that was in this shop?
Mr. Scales had it again.
Are you sure that this man who went into that shop with the carcase of mutton was the same man who took it out of Mr. Scales' shop?
I am sure, I never lost sight of him; it was about seven o'clock in the evening last Friday.
(To Mr. Scales.) You had an information against this man by the witness - you went across the road, and took him?
Yes; I took him back into my shop; I went into the shop where the sheep was, I knew it to be my sheep; he said he knew nothing about it, he did not take it; I then asked him his name; he told me, William Wells , or Willis, as near as I can recollect; it was not John, nor William Sparrow ; he said he worked at the docks; I then thought it necessary to send for an officer, and give charge of him; I took the sheep home.
You are sure it was your sheep?
I am certain of that; the next butcher does not kill mutton, and that was the only sheep there was in the shop.
I know myself very innocent of the crime alledged against me; I was going over the way; this gentleman took me on the shoulder, and shoved me along, and said, you have stole a sheep of mine, will you come to the shop along with me; I said, by all means I will; they overhauled my cloaths to see if I had any grease about me; I had no grease whatever about my clothes; that man said I had it on my back; I am a hardworking man, I have been with Lord Nelson at Egypt; I belonged last summer to Alderman Curtis's pleasure boat.
Where, here or at Ramsgate?
If I was at home I could tell; it was at Ramsgate.
Only name the month?
I cannot really say the day of the month.
We found grease on his hands and on his elbows.
