I live in Orange-court, Swallow-street : The prisoner at the bar came to live with me about half a year ago; she left my lodging in December; I had her taken up on the 30th of January; the room had been shut up a month.
Who let the lodging to the prisoner?
I did; she was to pay me three shillings a week, it was furnished; she took the lodging in the name of Jackson; I went up to Marlborough-street, and had advice first; they said I must take a witness, and open the door, and on breaking open the door, the first thing I discovered was, that there were only about three pounds of feathers left in my bed and bolster, and a very good bed it was when I let her the room; the remaining part of the feathers were gone; I missed a pair of sheets, two pillowcases, a blanket, and one blanket cut in two; she had not left me half, only a bit; she had taken all the articles mentioned in the indictment.
Whose property were these articles?
My husband's, his name is Joseph Calverley .
Were any, or all, of these articles in the room when she took the lodgings?
They were all of them in the room.
Has any of the articles been found?
Very few.
I am a pawnbroker; I took it in pledge of the prisoner on the 24th of December.
I am a pawnbroker's servant in Carnaby-street; I produce a pillow-case and one sheet; they were pawned by the prisoner at the bar, I am confident of it; the pillow was pledged on the 29th of August in my master's shop, in my presence, and on the 20th of September following I took the sheet in of the prisoner myself.
I produce a blanket pawned on the 5th of January by the prisoner.
I am an officer: I have four duplicates which the prosecutrix delivered to me; she and I went round to the pawnbrokers, and found this property, which I produce.
Mrs. Calverley, did not you know that these things were in pawn before you broke open the door; I hope you will not take a false oath; she knew at the time the things were pledged?
I did not; if I had known it, I would not have suffered you to have taken them out of the house; I am a poor woman, I have a lame husband to support.
At the time this happened I had two children to support; I had a friend of the name of Jackson, who paid the rent for a considerable time; he went away, and left me with the children; I worked for Mr. Rose, in Bishopsgate-street, and the work was very slack, I could not get any work to support my children; she gave me leave to pledge the things, provided, when I received the money from my brother in the country, I took them out; she said, get them out as soon as you can; the very night that I pledged the blanket she said so. Mr. Rose is out of town, or he would have come and spoke for me; my husband died at the time he worked for Mr. Rose; Mrs. Calverley said, if I would pay her four pounds, she would not prosecute me, otherwise she would punish me, - if it was possible to have me transported she would, without I gave her four pounds; my friends told her they would pay the money for me as far as the things were worth; it was not in my power to raise four pounds; she made answer they would not take less than four pounds, as they had brought it so far; I have got three small children.
