I am clerk to Messrs. Hatchett and Co. coach-maker s, in Long-acre ; the prisoner was the foreman of the smiths , and as such it was his duty to pay them their wages; he received the money from me; here is; an account of the names of the different men who had a claim upon Messrs. Hatchett and Co. for work supposed to be done in the week preceding the 26th of August, upon which the prisoner calculates their wages.
Is that his writing?
I suppose it is; it is the account he furnished to me; these are his figures, except the total; I paid him upon this account 31l. 10s. 4d.
In that account is there included wages due to two men of the names of Kendall and Dearing?
Yes.
You know the number of men employed as well as he does?
Yes.
When you see the names put down upon paper, do you not enquire whether those men were there or not?
No.
He enquires of the men what work they have done?
Yes.
And whether there is any blunder or not, he puts it down as they inform him?
Yes, and if it was any thing that appeared improbable, I should discover it; but if it was a thing probable, I should not.
Look at this, is that the account he rendered to you of the next week to the 2d of September?
Yes.
- I am a smith: I work for Messrs. Hatchett and Co. the prisoner was our foreman.
Were you at work from the 19th of August to the 26th?
No, I was not at work at all in August.
Did he ever pay you for work done in that week?
I never received any money after the 29th of July; he sent my money by my partner; I was ill in bed at that time; I did not go to work again till the 5th of September; there was nothing due to me in August.
The prisoner was the foreman of the smiths?
Yes.
Is there such a thing among you as being upon the box?
Yes, every man pays four-pence of a Monday, but that has nothing to do with the masters.
There would be box-money due to you being a sick member?
I had received box-money.
If you were not at work he must know it?
Yes.
Supposing you were not sick, but capable of doing your work, and you had stepped out for beer, or any thing else, and the foreman came round for the account, would not your partner give the account of your day work or your piece work?
My partner kept an account of the time for me.
What did you receive from the box?
I received 2l. 10s. all together; I received the last the 6th of September; I was ill for six weeks.
I am a smith.
Did you work at Messrs. Hatchett's from Friday the 19th to Friday the 26th of August?
I was at work on the 24th, and received twelve shillings and three pence from James Willis , which was all that I was entitled to.
Had the prisoner any allowance for rendering the accounts of the men and their wages?
We paid him two guineas a week as foreman, for which he was entrusted with the receipt of the money to pay the men; we placed great confidence in him.
I have worked for Messrs Hatchett and Co. twenty-one years; I paid Kendall ten shillings and sixpence a week out of the money I charged for him; I had received no money from the club for nine weeks before; and as for Deering, I charged the time for him, and I have frequently allowed them for three or four days before hand on account.
