On the 13th of April, I had been out with two or three friends, and in coming home, I met with the prisoner in Chandos-street , and I agreed to go home and sleep with her; I pulled off my clothes, and laid my breeches under my head; I went to bed between twelve and one o'clock, I heard my watch tick in my breeches pocket; a short time afterwards the prisoner came to bed, and after having been in bed some time I missed the prisoner out of bed; I directly searched my pockets, and missed my watch, and some small trifle of silver; I directly put on part of my clothes and went down stairs, I met the prisoner returning to her room again; I had been in bed an hour and a half, or two hours, I cannot say whether I had been asleep or not; I passed her and never spoke to her; the reason that I passed her was, I heard some other person lower down upon the stairs, thinking she had given the watch to them, I followed them as quick as possible; I went down into the street, and called the watchman, who searched the house, but could not find the prisoner; I did not see her again till eleven o'clock the next evening, in St. Martin's watch-house, in the hands of the constable.
Was there any body in the bed-room besides the prisoner and you?
Nobody; I had given her two shillings.
I suppose you were drunk?
I was forward in liquor.
Were you sober enough to be able to swear that you heard your watch tick?
Yes.
I am a watchman; I took the prisoner the next evening after this affair happened, I took her to the watch-house; she denied ever having seen the watch for some time, and then she told a little girl to go up stairs and fetch the watch; the little girl brought the watch down stairs, from another house, in Angel-court; I delivered it to another watchman, and he delivered it to the constable of the night; the prisoner told the girl to go.
I was constable of the night, (produces the watch) ; I received it from the hands of Holt, the watchman.
I received the watch from the prisoner in Angel-court, in the Strand, and delivered it to the constable of the night.
This is my watch; I know it by the maker's name, and the number; here is the chain that was upon it when I lost it, it has a string to it now; the chain was brought to me with the watch.
When I first met this man he was in company with another woman, and he went home with us both, he was very much intoxicated; he gave me two shillings, but that was not enough to satisfy me; I left him with the other woman in the room, and did not see him any more that night till about two o'clock, I met him on the stairs, and I went out to sleep at a friend's house; I knew the woman that he was with; and when they took me, the constable of the night said I should have my freedom if I would tell where the property was; and I went with them to the house.
I am certain this is the woman that went to bed with me.
