I believe you assist Mr. Vernon, the solicitor for the Mint, in carrying on this prosecution?
Yes.
Do you produce a copy of the record of the prisoner's conviction?
I produce a copy of the record of the prisoner's conviction, for uttering counterfeit money, at the Sessions holden for Middlesex, on the 26th of April, 1802.
Have you examined it with the record?
Yes.
Did you read it both ways?
Yes. (The copy of the record of conviction read.)
You assist at the New-prison, Clerkenwell?
I am deputy-keeper.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I do.
Were you in Court at any time, and when he was tried?
I was present in April Session, 1802, when he was tried and convicted.
You saw and heard him tried and convicted?
Yes.
Have you any doubt of his person?
None at all.
Are you well acquainted with him?
Yes, I have had him several times before.
Was he taken in execution of that judgment to the New-prison, Clerkenwell?
He was taken to the House of Correction, Cold-bath-fields.
I keep the Castle, in Quaker-street, Spital-fields, in the parish of Christ-church : On Monday, the 10th of October last, the prisoner came in about four o'clock in the afternoon alone, and called for a pint of beer.
Did you see Bayes then?
No; he sat sometime with his pint of beer, and drank part of it out, and then John Bayes came in, and joined his company; he called for another pint, and paid for it in halfpence; the prisoner gave me a half-crown, to pay for the other; I gave him change, and put the half-crown in my waistcoat-pocket; from the appearance, I took it to be a very good one; some little time after the prisoner was gone, Richard Barnes , the dyer, came in, and asked me to lend him four shillings; I told him I did not think I had small silver; I put my hand in my pocket, gave him the half-crown and a sixpence, and called to my wife for another shilling, I had no other silver; I did not see the half-crown again till the next morning, nor the prisoner; Barnes brought it back to me in the morning.
Did you see the prisoner again before Barnes came?
Yes, he came in, and had a glass of gin, and paid me for it in halfpence; he then went away for some time, it might be a quarter of an hour; he came again, and called for a glass of gin, and gave me another half-crown, which proved to be a bad one; Barnes brought me back the other half-crown, and said that was a bad one.
Have you any doubt that the half-crown Barnes brought back to you, was the same that you received from the prisoner, and gave to Barnes?
I have no doubt of it, I know it by the brightness of the head; I took particular notice of it.
Is there any mark upon it?
No.
Then you mean to swear positively that the half-crown you gave to Barnes, was the one you received from the prisoner, you having no other?
I am positive of it, I gave it to Armstrong.
Did you not say you took no half-crown of any other person on the 11th day of the month?
No, I did not; I was not asked that question; I took another half-crown, with the letter F on it.
Did you not say before that solicitor (pointing to Mr. Powell) that you took it of me?
No. On the 11th, he offered me two half-crowns, one I did take, and the other I should have taken, if it had not by accident fell out of my hand, and I did not like the sound of it; he said he would change it, and then he gave me a good half-crown for it.
What did you do with the second half-crown you took of him?
I gave it to Armstrong.
Are you sure it was the same you received from the prisoner?
Yes, I know it by the head upon it; I had two other half-crowns that were good ones, which I took of another man; one of them had an F upon it.
At what time did you give the half-crown to Barnes?
About six o'clock.
You are a dyer?
Yes.
Do you remember going to Mr. Bangy's house?
Yes, on Monday, the 10th of October, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, just as we had done work; I asked Mr. Bangy to lend me four shillings; he let me have half-a-crown and a sixpence, and his wife gave me a shilling; I put it in my pocket, and took it home.
Had you any other half-crown about you?
I had not a farthing of silver besides; I did not want to use the half-crown till the next morning; I pulled the half-crown out of my pocket, and put it on the table, and immediately observed it was a bad half-crown; I took it back about nine o'clock that morning, and returned it to Mr. Bangy, telling him it was bad.
Are you quite sure that was the same half-crown you had received of Mr. Bangy the day before?
Yes, I am.
You did not offer it to any body, did you?
No; I took it out of my pocket, founded it on the table, and found it was a bad one.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street, (produces two half-crowns); I received them from Mr. Bangy, on Tuesday, the 11th of October, I have had them ever since. Mr. Bangy gave me a description of the prisoner, in consequence of which, Vickery apprehended him; I said I thought it was Samuel Jenkins .
Did you not say at the Office, that you had not got the half-crowns, but you believed you could find them?
No, I did not know he was at the Office; I said I had them locked up at home in my bureau; and I would fetch them, which I did.
This half-crown is the one that I took of the prisoner, and gave to Barnes.
Barnes brought you a half-crown on the 11th?
Yes.
Are you sure the half-crown you gave Armstrong, was the same you received from Barnes on the 11th?
Yes, I kept it by itself.
Is that second half-crown the same that you took of the prisoner?
I am sure it is.
This is the half-crown I received from Bangy, on Monday, the 10th, in part of four shillings, and I returned it on Tuesday, the 11th.
How do you know it is the same you returned?
I know it by the edge, and Mr. Bangy marked it in my presence, when I took it back to him.
You are one of the moniers of his Majesty's Mint?
I am.
Is that half-crown (the first) a good or a bad one?
It is a counterfeit.
Now look at the other?
This is a counterfeit.
Do they appear to be from the same die, or coined at different times?
At different times.
Did you apprehend the prisoner?
Yes, on the 12th of December, in Holborn, I think it was between twelve and one o'clock at noon; there was a woman with him.
Did you know her?
Yes, I knew her very well.
It was Sarah Defontaine , was it?
Yes, I knew them both very well; I had heard of the charge being lodged against him, I caught hold of him and her both; I had him in my right hand, and her in my left; he made a resistance, and I had like to have gone through a shop-window with them both; I had a struggle with them, he pulling one way, and she the other; I found I must let one of them go, and as there was a charge against him, I thought I would let her go, and secure him, which I did; a mob collected, and he wanted to send for a constable to me; he said he had charged many such a fellow as me with a constable. I put him into a coach, and then he told me he had left off this kind of business, and lived honest; I took him to the Office, and sent for Mr. Bangy.
I went into Mr. Bangy's, and sometime after I had been there, a little man came in, and drank with me; I changed a shilling with him to pay for the beer, it was a remarkable shilling, marked with an S; I never changed a half-crown with him at all; the next morning I went into Mr. Bangy's house, and had a pennyworth of gin; there was a man there who had change for half-a-crown, who is, I believe, out of doors; I went again in about half an hour, and had a glass of gin, and gave him a half-crown, which I had taken from my master.
He says, the first time he gave you a shilling?
I never saw a shilling of his.
Where do you live?
In Whitechapel, close to the Blue Anchor.
In what street?
It is no street, it belongs to the Blue Anchor public-house.
In what part of Whitechapel?
It is on the road, a little on this side the turnpike.
On the right or left?
The left from here.
What business are you?
A cabinet and chair maker.
Do you keep a shop?
No, I do not, I work for myself in a room.
Up one pair of stairs?
One room, up one pair of stairs.
You don't work for any master?
Not particular, our trade is very dead.
You are a master, and work for yourself?
Yes.
Where do you shew your goods?
Sometimes in Moorfields, and any where, wherever I can.
You cannot carry cabinet goods upon your back to Moorfields?
Yes, I do, I take them to the shops; I take them to any brokers that chuse to buy them.
You don't work for any particular broker?
No, I do not.
Are you married or single?
My wife has been dead some years.
You are a widower then?
Yes.
Have you a sister?
No.
No relation of the name of Defontaine?
No, I have not.
No relation?
Not to my knowledge.
Not to your knowledge?
I have not.
What do you come here to prove?
On the 10th of October, I think it was on a Monday, I went to Mr. Heathcote's, in Featherstone-street, for some wood; I have a rupture, and was taken very ill in my bowels; I went into the Castle, in Quaker-street, and asked for half a quartern of gin.
This was on the Monday?
I will not be sure, I believe it was; the landlord served me; I gave him a half-crown piece to change.
What time of day was this?
Between nine and ten o'clock, I believe very little after nine; he founded it two or three times upon the bar; he said it sounded dull; he had not change sufficient to give me, and he called to a child or servant in the back room, and sent her up to his wife for a shilling; the shilling was sent down; he tendered me two sixpences, a shilling, four-pennyworth of halfpence, and a bad farthing; I did not take the bad farthing, I refused it; he gave me another, and then I went away about my business.
How long have you known the prisoner?
I cannot say I know any thing about him.
Then, I am to understand, you don't know any thing about the prisoner?
No, I don't know any thing at all about the prisoner.
You don't know the prisoner at all - am I to take that down?
I do not know him, not to say know him.
Do you, or do you not, know the prisoner?
Not to have any correspondence with him.
What do you mean by correspondence?
I do not know him.
You don't know where he lives?
No, I do not.
You don't know what he is, nor where he lives?
No.
How came you here to-day?
I know his mother.
Where does his mother live?
In Angel-alley, I believe.
What Angel-alley?
Bishopsgate-street.
He lived with his mother, did he?
I do not know.
What did his mother come to you about?
She came to me, and said, her son was to be tried for passing bad money - two half-crowns.
She said, my son is to be tried for passing bad money, and I want you to swear what - what fact were you to prove?
She said I had been at this public-house.
How did she find that out?
That I cannot tell.
What were you to prove?
She said, the publican had swore he never changed a half-crown piece for any body but her son.
And therefore you were to come to swear that he did change a half-crown for you?
Yes, he did.
You have no female relation of your name?
No.
No sister?
No.
No mother?
No.
No daughter?
Yes, I have three daughters.
How came you just now to answer both my Lord and me, that you had no female relation of your name?
Relations, you know, are not children.
You meant that, when you answered in that way?
Yes.
Are either of your daughters here?
Not that I know of.
You have not seen one of your daughters here?
No.
You have not seen one of your daughters here to-day?
Yes, I have.
Upon your oath, did not she come for the purpose of attending the trial with you?
I look upon it she did.
Don't you know she did?
Yes.
Then what did you mean by saying, in the presence of the Jury and his Lordship, that you had no female relation of that name?
No sisters, nor brothers, I have not got.
You say you went to the Castle?
Yes.
Did you see the landlord there?
Yes.
Do you know him?
I think I should, if I was to see him.
Do you see him now?
Yes, this is the gentleman.
You went between nine and ten o'clock in the morning?
Yes, a little after nine, or between nine and ten.
You saw the landlord there?
Yes.
You mean to swear positively you saw the landlord?
Yes.
You are sure it was before ten?
Yes. it was between nine and ten.
Was it before ten?
It was between the hours of nine and ten.
You are sure it was between nine and ten then?
Yes.
And you are sure Mr. Bangy gave you change for the half-crown?
Yes.
And that he sent up stairs to his wife, who sent down a shilling?
Yes.
He sent the little girl up stairs?
Some girl, or servant, or other.
And the servant, or the girl, brought back a shilling?
Yes, to her master, that was in the bar.
And her master gave you what?
Two sixpences, the shilling that was sent down, four-pennyworth of halfpence, and a bad farthing that I would not take, and he gave me another farthing.
That was what he gave you, you are quite sure?
Yes.
Had you ever been in that house before?
No never, not to my knowledge.
I would advise you to take care, you are pretty near chin-deep in perjury already, take care how you answer the questions I am about to put to you - you say you did not know the prisoner before?
I may have seen him before, but not to know him.
Nor you did not know where he lived?
No.
Nor who lived with him?
Yes, and I would not see my daughter on the account.
Who did live with him?
My daughter, and I would not speak to her on the account of it, nor him either.
Where does your daughter live - she left your house, you know?
Yes.
Where does she live?
Upon my word I don't know.
You don't know where she lived?
No, nor him neither, I would not speak to her.
You never saw her after she lived with him?
Yes, I did.
How long has she lived with the prisoner?
She eloped from me last Whitsun-Monday.
What age is your daughter?
She is twenty-three.
She eloped with the prisoner?
Yes.
How often have you seen your daughter since?
Frequently.
At your own house?
No, I have no house, at my room.
You have seen her frequently at your room?
Yes.
You never knew where she was living with the prisoner?
No, I never asked her, nor would not.
Then from Whitsun-Monday, you never saw her any where but at your room?
Yes, I have seen her.
Where?
In the street.
Any where else?
No; she came to see me when she wanted a trifle.
You never learned from your daughter where she lived?
No.
You know she is here?
No, I do not.
Then I tell you she is; you never heard from her where she and the prisoner lived together?
No.
Nor you don't know now?
No.
And you know nothing of the prisoner, except his coming after your daughter?
No further than that.
You never knew him in custody before?
Never, to my knowledge.
You never knew him in custody?
No, I did not.
Nor ever heard that he was in custody?
Yes, I have.
For what?
That I don't know.
You hear things by halves - you heard he was in custody, and did not enquire for what?
No.
What is your daughter's name?
Sarah.
Was she ever in custody?
Yes, I believe she was.
What was she in custody for?
Upon my word I don't know; I look upon it for cohabiting with this man; she was never in custody before; I always brought her up in the paths of virtue.
Upon what charge was she in custody?
That I cannot tell.
Did you never go to see her in custody?
Yes.
How many times have you been to see the present prisoner since he has been in custody?
Me.
Who do you think I am speaking to?
Once.
You went to see the prisoner in custody - a man you had never seen before?
His mother sent me to him.
How many times were you in New-prison with him?
I never was in New-prison.
How often have you been to New-prison to see both the prisoner and your daughter, charged with passing bad money?
Only once.
Upon your oath, do you not know she was charged with uttering bad money?
Yes, they said so.
Don't you know she was tried for it?
No, I do not.
You did not enquire about it?
No, I did not.
She never was tried for it.
How often has she been in custody?
I do not know.
When about was it she was in custody - about what time of the year?
Upon my word I cannot tell.
When she was in custody, was the prisoner in custody?
Yes, I believe they were.
How long ago is it since they were in custody, and in custody together?
I cannot say.
Was it a year ago?
I cannot say how long.
Was it last summer?
I cannot say.
Upon your oath, was not Jenkins in custody in the New-prison at the same time your daughter was, and did you not see them both?
I saw none but my daughter.
You know Mr. Roberts, don't you?
No, I do not.
Do you know that gentleman, (pointing to Mr. Roberts)
No, I do not.
You did not see Jenkins in custody in New-prison?
It will do me no harm, say you did see me.
After that hint, upon your oath, did you, or did you not, see Jenkins in New-prison?
No, I did not see any but my daughter.
Do you mean to swear that?
I do.
(To Roberts.) Did you ever see this man in New-prison?
I have seen him in with Jenkins, and with his daughter.
More than once?
More than once, but he did not see them together; he saw Jenkins at one gate, and the daughter at the other gate.
More than once or twice?
I cannot say how many times.
You have heard what this man has been saying - do you remember his coming to you?
I never saw him, to my knowledge.
Do you remember the circumstance of changing a half-crown with him, and\\ send\\ ing your daughter up stairs to your wife for a shilling?
I do not.
Do you remember any thing about a bad farthing?
No; I don't think I ever saw that man in my life.
