State what you know of the robbery?
On the 28th of September, I got up about five minutes after five o'clock in the morning, and found my bar had been broke open.
Is it your dwelling-house?
Yes; there are two hatches to the bar, one above that locks, and a lower one which bolts on the inside, and which I found unbolted, as if somebody had come out of it.
Are you sure it was bolted when you went to bed?
I am certain of it; I had locked it the last thing before I went to bed; I had been robbed a little while before, which made me very particular in looking round the house.
What time did you go to-bed?
About eleven o'clock.
What did you miss?
In looking round, for I took every thing of value out before I went to bed, I saw two sixpences lay at the corner of a small shelf, but do not know them again; at the further end of the shelf, I saw a quantity of bad halfpence and farthings, but I did not think them of any consequence, and left them there; there was a small napkin also, which I took up in my hand and threw over some butter in a small room behind the bar, left the cat should get in; I cannot swear to it, only from its general appearance; in the morning I missed the things I have stated.
In what state did you find your house as to the fastenings?
I saw a stool placed under the bar-window.
Where is the bar?
In the passage.
Was a stool necessary for the purpose of approaching the window?
Yes; the bar-window was a sash which drew to and fro; it had not been broke open, but was drawn back, as I had forgot to fasten it; the stool had been taken out of the bar too.
The stool was inside the house?
Yes.
How could it be used to get into the house?
Not to get into the house, but to get into the bar window.
Was any part of the house broke?
The pannel of the back door was broke; I had fastened it myself the night before, when it was quite entire, and not broke at all.
Was it dark when you fastened it?
I fastened it a few minutes before I went to bed.
Was this the whole you missed?
Yes.
Was any thing else broke?
It was necessary, after he broke the back door, to come through the tap-room, where there is another door, the line of which was out which pulled the door to, which I had fastened round a staple.
When did you see any of these things again?
They were produced before the magistrates; I cannot swear to the cloth, but my daughter can.
Did you make any search at the lodgings of the prisoner?
I did; on Wednesday, the 28th of September, about eleven o'clock in the morning, at No. 5, Court-street, Whitechapel, and in his room I found a napkin, which I carried to Mr. Chaney's, and his daughter knew it.
Are you sure that which you shewed her was the identical napkin you found in his lodgings?
Yes; I asked the description of the man who lodged there, and having got it, I went to a place called the Broad-place, near Petticoat-lane, where I took the prisoner, about twelve o'clock; he was pointed out to me by a little lad; I searched him, and in his pockets I found three sixpences, two good and one bad, and some halfpence and farthings.
Look at that napkin, and say whether you know it?
I am sure it is my father's napkin that was in the house; I saw it about ten o'clock at night, and left it on the table in the back-room; this sixpence was brought back to change on Tuesday; we had paid it away, and it was brought back again, being a bad one; I am sure it is the same, it is so remarkable; I saw it again the next morning.
Did you assist in searching the prisoner's room?
Yes, and found, underneath his bed's head, a ripping-chissel and an old saw (produces them) , and I saw Griffiths find the cloth, and saw the sixpences taken out of the prisoner's breeches pocket.
Where do you live?
I rent a room in the same house with the prisoner, at No. 5, Court-street; he lodged over me; I heard somebody come in on the 27th, between two and three; I cannot say it was him, for I did not see him, as I was in bed; I saw him go out in the morning about ten o'clock; I was by when the search was made, and saw the things taken.
Are you sure the napkin was taken from the room occupied by the prisoner?
Yes.
I took the sixpence in change of a shilling the over-night: as to the napkin, I know nothing of it, for my door was open all day.
