My husband's name is Thomas King .
Where do you and your husband live
My husband does not live with me. I live in Bowl-yard, in Long-Acre.
Are you acquainted with a person of the name of Richard Burton , a constable
Yes.
Did you call on him on Thursday the 2nd of March
Yes; and in consequence of what past between us on the Saturday, after I went to the flatting mills in Wild-street, Drury-lane, I saw Mr. Miller, I told him I wanted to purchase a few goods, meaning bad shillings and six-pences; Mr. Miller readily gave me one bad shilling and two good six-pences; I gave him one good shilling for them. We appointed to meet again the same evening at the Lemon Tree public house, at the top of the Hay-market; he said he would meet me there with half a piece, he thought he could make up meaning half a guinea; if he should disappoint me, he would meet me on the Monday following, at the Hog in the Pound, in Oxford-street; then we parted. On Monday morning I received two good shillings from Mr. Burton, they were marked; I received directions from him. I went to the Hog in the Pound on Monday morning at ten o'clock. I took the two marked shillings with me. The prisoner met me within ten minutes of the time he appointed.
What passed between you when you met at the Hog in the Pound
I asked him if he had got the goods ready, meaning two guineas worth, he said no; I said when will they be ready, Mr. Miller; he said about two o'clock this afternoon, I said have you none now, he said I think I have nine; I said I would take four, he gave them to me; the four in the street, not in the public house. We first met in the public house and drank there, we came out together. I gave him the two good shillings that I had of Mr. Burton, marked, and he gave me the four. We walked down Oxford-street, a little way further.
As you were going along the street, did you see Burton
Yes.
Had any signal been agreed upon between you and Burton
Upon my seeing of Burton, I touched the right side of my bonnet; Mr. Miller and I went into the next wine vaults to have something to drink; Burton came in directly and took Miller and me into custody; he searched me, and took from me the four bad shillings; I had put them into my pocket.
Had you any bad shillings in your pocket before you saw Miller
. No, I had not; he took and put us all three in a coach together; he said where did you get these, I answered from Mr. Miller.
You told us your name was Mary King
. My name is Mary King .
I take it for granted, you know your own name
Yes.
A married woman you say too, do you mean to tell me that is your name - What is your husband's name
Thomas King.
Is not his name English
No.
How long is it since you were at Chelmsford, and bailed a person there
I do not recollect - six or seven years.
Who was it you bailed at that time
Mrs. Miller, her name was not Miller then.
Where did you state that you lived at that time
In Spitalfields
Did not you say you lived at Chelsea
No, I did not.
You bailed your friend as a widow
Yes; I have gone by the name of Mary King . I never was married to him, I lived with him.
You bailed this woman in the name of Mary English , and another
Yes.
Have you ever been married at a church
Yes; to George English , in the year 1788.
Is English dead or alive now
He is dead so far as I know; I have not seen him for sixteen or seventeen years.
How long is it since you have been in this court before
January was a twelve-month.
Were you here as a witness then
No.
What part of the court had we the pleasure of seeing you stand then
Where the prisoner now tands.
