- I am a watchmaker , at Horselydown: On Friday the 14th of November, about half past eleven, the prisoner came to my house, with four sailors, they were all strangers to me, they bargained for four watches; the prisoner at the bar said, he was the landlord of the house, that those watches were to be delivered at his house, and on delivery I was to be paid for them.
Did they make that bargain with you, that you were to be paid on delivery?
They bargained for four watches the first time, they were for the four sailors, and he undertook to pay for them on delivery, at his house, the Ship, at Wapping, that is about two miles from my house; they went away about half past four o'clock; he came again with one of the sailors, who called himself the carpenter of the ship; he then bargained for another watch, which made five, that, was to be sent with the rest to his house; he told me to bring that home at the same time; he went away, saying; he should be there as soon as me, and left the carpenter of the ship at my house; I packed them up, and took them with me, the carpenter went with me, and conducted me to the house; I went into the tap-room with the carpenter, and saw the prisoner who called himself the landlord; he took me into a private room, he brought two candles and a piece of paper, he desired me to take down every man's name, which I accordingly did; he then looked at the watches, and each man took one; he said; you would wish to have your money; I said, I should; he said, I will give it you by and by; he went down stairs, and came up again, and said his wife was not in the way, she would be in recently he said, he had nothing but a one hundred pound note, and he would step down and get change; he went down stairs with all the watches, I staid about half an hour, he did not come; I went down stairs and saw a woman that I took to be the landlady; she said, the landlord would be in by and by. I went up stairs again; I was then under no alarm of being robbed of my property; I waited about half an hour longer, and made enquiry again, but I never saw him again till the Monday following, when he was taken up; the prisoner turned out not to be the landlord; there was no landlord to the house; the officer has got one of the watches, which he found on the prisoner.
This man told you he lived at this public-house?
Yes.
Did he not appear as the deputy landlord?
Yes, or I would not have trusted him with the money.
Do you not know, as well as from what he told you, that he acted as deputy landlord?
No.
He came with four sailors?
Yes.
He brought them to buy these watches?
Yes.
I take it, you gave every sailor a watch, the prisoner had not possession of all the watches?
I cannot say whether every man took his watch, or whether I laid them down on the board, he was to pay for them; I delivered one of the watches to the prisoner, and he changed with one of the sailors.
The other four watches you gave into the possession of the sailors?
Yes.
The prisoner offered you a one hundred pound note?
He said he had no small change, but he would get change for a one hundred pound note, but I never saw any note.
Did you know the prisoner before?
No, I never saw him before.
The prisoner was committed by the Magistrate for conspiracy?
Yes.
Who desired you to indict him for a selony?
The Magistrate did that business.
I am an officer belonging to the Thames Police-office; I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday the 16th of November, in the evening, at the public-house, in Old Gravel-lane, I knew him before; I did not search him at the time I apprehended him; I secured him after a great deal of trouble.
Is he the landlord of the Ship public-house?
Not to my knowledge: the landlord of that house is a man of the name of Baynton, who is in the King's-bench now; I searched him at the office, and found this watch in his fob; he told me that was one of the watches that he had from Mr. Rogers. (Produces it).
This is one of the watches that these men had, I am sure it is my property.
Do not you know, that in the absence of Baynton, the prisoner officiated as landlord?
No, I never heard of it.
Did you know Baynton to have been an acquaintance of the prisoner's?
Yes, it has been the alarm of the neighbourhood.
At the time Baynton was arrested, he authorized me to do every thing in this house for him, and for a dozen or twenty days, I did business in the house, and was answerable for every thing, and these sailors asked me to go with them to buy some watches, and they were to give me a one hundred pound note, and I told this gentleman I would be answerable for the watches; when he came in, I was drawing off a bottle of gin in the cellar, and when I came up they had all got their watches; I never saw them before, they were strangers to me, and when I was taken up, I was endeavouring to find them.
