I am clerk to Mr. George Longman , a stationer.
In the month of January last did Mr. Longman owe any bill to Mrs. Rainsdon for cartage.
Yes.
Do you know that of your own knowledge.
Yes.
Were you present when any money was paid to the prisoner on account of Mrs. Rainsdon.
I paid it myself to the prisoner, I gave him a check of twenty-three pounds seven shillings on Mr. Longman's banker, Mr. Down.
Was that the ballance of the account due to Mrs. Rainsdon.
Yes, (the bill produced) Mr. Longman drew the check, and I gave it to the prisoner.
I believe you are clerk to Mrs. Rainsdon.
Yes.
Is that a bill made out by you to Mr. Longman.
It is.
On the 22d of February did the prisoner account to you for twenty-three pounds seven shillings paid to him by Mr. Longman.
He did not.
(to Ford) On what day did you pay that check.
On the 22d of February.
Had you given this bill to the prisoner for the balance of Mr. Longman's account.
I had.
(to Sharp) Did he account to you for the twenty-three pounds seven shillings in the name of Longman.
Not in the name of Mr. Longman.
Did he ever give you that check of Mr. Longman's.
No.
You have the account books here.
Yes.
Had the prisoner been employed to receive money for Mrs. Rainsdon.
He had, near six or seven years.
Did he ever after the 22nd of February absent himself from her service.
He was away for a fortnight, which was the cause of that discovery.
When was it he absented himself.
In April, and by order of Mrs. Rainsdon I called upon him, I told him I came from Mrs. Rainsdon to insist upon all the books and bills that he had to be given up, that some one or other might be sent to collect the money in; he said he was not prepared to give the whole of them in immediately, as he had not the last months account made up, he would endeavour to make them up in a few days and deliver them in.
Did you see him again after that.
I saw him when he was in prison for debt, I told him I had been round for Mrs. Rainsdon, I discovered a great many bills that he had received without any account for them; I then proceeded to read the accounts over to him.
Did you mention the name of Mr. Longman to him.
I did not.
Did he ever in point of fact bring this to account.
Never.
I understood that the prisoner said to you that he would endeavour to make up his accounts as soon as he could.
Yes, he would return his accounts as soon as he could.
No charge or thought of any charge being made against the prisoner at the bar until he was in Newgate, not for any criminal charge, but unfortunately for debt.
O yes, we discovered it before that.
Was there any charge of a criminal nature laid against him until he was in Newgate for debt.
No.
Then when you found him in Newgate for debt you made this charge against him.
Yes.
That was after you made application to him to pay or give security for it.
I never made any application to him to settle it, I had no authority for that, I called upon him for nothing more than for him to relate to me what number of bills he had settled, supposing he would give me the account, entirely for saving the trouble of going about to receive it; I told him a number of names.
You never told him of Longman's.
No.
He said he would endeavour to settle his accounts.
Not at that time, that was when I took the books away he said he would settle the accounts.
When was the first time that you said anything to him about the books being incorrect.
The first time I went to him, I said Mrs. Rainsdon insisted upon his giving the books up; he then said he would make them up.
How long was it after that when you saw him in Newgate.
A fortnight.
How soon after you saw him in Newgate did you institute this prosecution.
About a week, I am not prepared to say the day.
Had he any right to receive checks for your mistress.
Yes, and he used to get the money from the bankers, or pay the checks in, which he thought proper.
The prisoner was my outdoor clerk, to collect my money.
Did he ever account to you for this check of twenty-three pounds, seven shillings.
No.
I am clerk to Messrs. Down and Co. I produce a check drawn by Mr. Longman and Dickenson upon Messrs. Down and Co. the check I paid, I cannot say to whom (the check read in court), I placed it to Mr. Longman's account I suppose.
If I understand Mr. Sharp right, he says I left Mrs. Rainsdon's service without making up my accounts; I made up my accounts to the last day of April, sometimes I made up my account in one month, sometimes two, and sometimes it was three months; I made up my account last April to the\\ amountof sixty-three pound odd.
That you made up the account there is no doubt, but the question is whether you brought to account the sum received of Mr. Longman.
He delivered in an account with the names of the people he had received from, but not with the name of Longman, I had no return of the money he had received from Longman.
When Mr. Sharp and Mrs. Rainsdon came to Newgate, I said I would rectify the mistake.
Mr. Gammon did ask me for the books and the account again, I had no authority from Mrs. Rainsdon to give them back nor to answer him; on Saturday night the 26th of April, when I went to him by Mrs. Rainsdon's orders, I went to him at his own house, I told him I came by Mrs. Rainsdon's order for him to give up all his books or bills, he then said his accounts were not made up, but they would in two or three days; he then delivered me a book and part of a book that he had and some bills, and he said in two or three days he would give a final account; on the Wednesday after he gave in the account and what monies he had paid me, which was eight shillings in cash; I then supposed the accounts would balance, until I went to collect the money.
Did you see him afterwards,
Never till I saw him in prison.
When you saw him in prison did he then say he wished to have an opportunity to correct them.
No, the answer made me was, that if he was out of prison he could go to sea-port towns and earn a great deal of money; I had no more talk with him.
How much was the deficiency in his accounts.
I discovered a deficiency of one hundred and seventy odd pounds.
Was the prisoner in the habit of receiving to a large amount.
To the\\ amountof an hundred pounds at different times.
I should think a mistake in a hundred pounds, as it is in various sums, might easily happen in the best books that ever were kept.
I am happy to say I never had such a mistake.
To a man not so correct as you it might happen.
It might be possible.
