I live at 25, Clare street, Clare market ; I am a tobacconist .
Do you remember on Saturday the 19th of November having any snuff sent to you
Yes; my brother sent me thirty pounds.
What is the value of that
I have placed it in the indictment under the duty alone; the duty is two shillings and three pence; the snuff is worth from three shillings and six pence to four shillings a pound. The snuff was in a cartridge paper bag, cased over with sheets of brown paper, and corded; it was a snuff in imitation of Dutch rappee; I received it about five o'clock in the evening; I received several other parcels at the same time; I had occasion to go out; I placed it on a cask at the farther end of my shop; I missed it on Monday morning. On Wednesday morning I saw the snuff again in the possession of Mr. Hancock the officer.
Did you know it to be your own
I could not swear to it, but my brother could.
I am a tobacconist, and brother to the last witness. On the evening of the 19th of November I sent thirty pounds of Dutch rappee snuff to my brother, I manufactured it, and sent him some other parcels; but I am not accurate what the other goods were.
Who packed the thirty pounds of snuff
I fancy my porter; I merely shewed him the cask; I saw it when it was packed up, there was no directions on it; it is customary for us to put the weight on it; I am not certain whether the weight was on it or not; the porter set off with it between four and five o'clock.
Do you think you should know the snuff again if you were to see it
I am perfectly persuaded that is the identical snuff that I sent; I saw it again on the Thursday following at Hatton Garden office.
You gave orders at your manufactory that this Dutch rappee snuff should he made up in a parcel and sent to your brother
I did.
How your servant made up the parcel you do not know
I shewed him the cask and he went with me to the cask.
Did you see him make up the parcel
No; I saw the contents of the parcel after it was packed.
Can you take upon you to say whether the parcel that you saw packed answered to this snuff or not
I cannot say but there may be other snuff at the bottom of the bag.
You have sent out several parcels of this snuff
No; there was never any of that operation sent out above five pound, except that thirty pound then; and I have only sent one thirty since, and that was to my brother.
When you was at the office did you examine your snuff
I examined it and smelt it; I firmly believe it to be my snuff.
Look at the prisoner at the bar, do you know him
Yes. On the 19th of November I saw him at the Butcher's Arms, Clare market; the prisoner and one that made his escape was in the back parlour.
What are you
I am a shoe maker.
How is the parlour situated with respect to the tap room
There is one door goes into the tap room, and another door goes into the passage; we were in the passage where the parlour lays to the right of the passage; it is the back room to the tap, only a partition between; I observed a large bag, I did not know what it was then, it was laying on a table on the right hand when I entered the room, and a ham on another table.
Were there any body else in the room but these two men
No person whatever.
Was the room light or dark
Only a fire light and a borrowed light from the tap room; I entered the tap room before I went into the parlour; I saw some suspicious people in the tap room; I said to Ekelsoe, we had better stop here and keep the door; Ekelsoe and Hancock were with me; we all went into the parlour. The prisoner made his escape from Hancock, and got into the tap room; Hancock called for assistance; we went into the tap room and Hancock was in the act of taking the prisoner from under the tap room table.
What became of the other man
He made his escape. When the prisoner was taken he said he knew nothing about the ham or the bag.
You have told my lord that you are a shoemaker - are you in a large way of business
I live at No. 9, Ormond place.
Do you keep a shop
I had a stall then and I have now.
Is that the only way you have of getting your livelihood
I have a situation in Queen square church of bell ringing.
You do not get any thing by hunting out people, and giving information
No, I do not.
You do not employ yourself in that sort of business
No, I do not.
Pray then, how came you to know they were bad characters in the house
I knew Samuel Newman , he was once convicted for six months, I apprehended him because I saw him in the act of doing it.
We will allow of this one, Newman; how came you to know all the rest
Because I take my particular notice to watch these sort of people.
You get nothing for it
If there is any reward I certainly expect it for my labour.
Do you not hire yourself to go and point out these people and watch public houses; is there any reward for this
I do not know that.
You told me about Newman, can you tell me how you knew the others were bad characters
Knowing them to be loitering about town.
Did you go in that public house when you was tired of work
I did not; I went in for my own curiosity.
You went in for curiosity with these two officers, or what was it
It might be something else.
What was it - are you dumb all of a sudden
might be something else.
What was it - I will have an answer
There might be people there that did a robbery.
How came you to know any thing about a robbery
Because I had heard of it.
Where did you hear of it
My lord, am I obliged to answer
Yes.
I had information from Hancock.
And you give information to Hancock
Sometimes.
And you give Ekelsoe information
Very possible.
Now these bad characters in the tap room might have carried these parcels in the parlour
Yes: I do not say he did it.
And one person in the parlour escaped
Yes.
You did not observe that the prisoner had any communication with the tap room
No.
I am an officer of Hatton Garden.
Do you remember going to the Butcher's Arms on the 19th of November
Yes, I went in the parlour; the prisoner and another man was there; I saw a bag of snuff lying on a table and a ham; Hancock and Deer were with me; all of a sudden there was a bustle in the tap room, I and Deer went out to see who they were that were getting away; we left Hancock with the men in the parlour; during the short time that we were in the passage (a minute it might be) I heard Hancock call out for me; I ran into the parlour to see where he was, and the prisoner was gone into the tap room; the other man got out of the window. I went into the tap room to Hancock, he had got the prisoner by the collar, pulling him from under the table. We took the prisoner into custody, and we took the snuff and him to the office.
I am an officer.
You were left alone in the parlour
Yes, next the stair case; the prisoner stood by a round table near the middle of the parlour, and on a table laid a ham; the snuff was on a table by the side of the room tied up in this paper, and this is the string, the top of it was open, as if it had been examined; and near it on the table sat another man, that I supposed was in company with the prisoner; no candle in the room, nor no liquor that they called for; there was a fire in the parlour. As soon as I saw the snuff I asked them what game they had been after, and smelled the snuff; one of them said nothing. I then told them I should take them in custody on suspicion of having stolen these articles. After Deer and my brother officer went out of the room I attempted to fasten the door, I was not able to fasten it. When I had secured the one that got away, I was going to search him; immediately the prisoner at the bar ran out of the parlour behind me and made his escape into the tap room; finding that, I left the other man and ran after him; in the mean time the other man escaped; which way he got out I know not. The prisoner ran out of the parlour into the tap room, and shut the door in order to shut me in; but I was too quick upon him, he had scarce time to throw himself under the table, between the legs of the other company. I seized him by the collar, drew my cutlass and drew him out: I threatened the rest of the company if they rescued him; I took him into the parlour and handcuffed him; my brother officer took him to New prison; I took the ham and the snuff; it has never been out of my custody. Carrying the snuff under my arm, the bottom of the packet fell out; I put it into this bag; that is the paper and the strings. I can swear it is the same snuff that was in the paper.
You say the man that made his escape was the man that sat nearest the snuff
He was the nearest.
You keep the Bucher's Arms do you
Yes.
You know very well this parlour that we have heard so much about
Yes. On that evening the parlour door was left unlocked for the lodgers to go up stairs; one of the lodgers complained of going in the tap room to go up stairs.
Had you, or any of your family, any snuff or any ham that was deposited in your parlour
No, none.
Did you see the prisoner come in the house
No.
Had you any ham or snuff in the back parlour
No, I did not know there was any till Mr. Hancock called me in.
I am as innocent as a child unborn of what I am accused of. I trust to God and to the mercy of this court. I do not know any thing of the snuff nor of the man who stole it, I do not I declare to God.
