I live in the Land of Promise, Hoxton .
Did the prisoner lodge in your house.
Yes; I cannot tell the day he came to lodge, he lodged with me about four or five weeks, he was to pay eighteen pence a-week for the room, there was a bed in the room and bedding, he lodged with me till the Monday after Whitsun week; at night he went to bed, I locked the door, and in the morning I missed the property.
Was he gone in the morning before you got up.
Yes, the first thing that I missed was my two tea spoons from the one pair of stairs room.
They were not in his room.
No; on the morning before I made the prisoner a bason of tea, and the tea spoons were there safe then; I went up stairs and missed my bed in his room; about three weeks afterwards I saw him at the Royal Oak public house door; when he saw me he got up and walked round the corner of the house, and then he ran, I ran after him and cried out Stop thief; when he had got half way down the street he returned back to me and asked me what I had lost, he told me to hold my tongue and go with him into the public house and he would give me any thing for my loss; he asked me what I had lost, I told him he knew.
Did he give you any thing for your loss.
No, he went into the public house and called for a pot of porter and asked me to drink, but I did not drink with him; I sent for an officer and gave him in charge; I have seen the spoons since, but not the bed; I am sure that is the man.
I have lodged at the prosecutrix' house five years.
Do you remember the prisoner at the bar lodging at the same house.
I do, I lodged there at the same time, I recollect the things being missing.
I am a watchmaker; the prisoner brought me two spoons to sell about three or four weeks before he was taken up, I bought them of him, I produce them.
I can swear to these being my spoons, I have had them years, they are family spoons.
The prisoner sold me a bed about the beginning of June; about four months before that I bought all his furniture; on the beginning of June he knocked me up about five or six o'clock in the morning, I did not get up till breakfast time, he said he had got a bed at the public house, I asked him if it was his own, he said he bought it of his shopmate, I bought the bed, it was tied up with something like a table cloth or a sheet; I sold it, but to whom I do not know.
I should not have carried that bed to Mr. Ellis's if my wife had come home; may it please your lordship, I bought that bed in Spital Fields, with a view of going to housekeeping again; I went to my wife and asked her if she liked to come and live with me again; she told me she would go to service, for if we came together again we should not agree; I sold the bed to Mr. Ellis for one pound seventeen shillings; as for any of her things, I never touched them, nor did I go away with any thing.
