I am a hosier , I live in Bishopsgate street Without , the prisoner was my shop-man for about nine months. Having some reasons to suspect his honesty, I marked some money, to the\\ amountof nine shillings; six shillings in silver, a half crown and a sixpence. I went to a neighbour and requested her to let her servant go to purchase four pair of stockings, to the\\ amountof that money; this was on Friday the 31st of October.
I am servant to Mrs. Edwards haberdasher and milliner, Bishopsgate street; my mistress gave me some money; I went and bought four pair of stockings, two pair at half a crown, and two pair at two shillings a pair; I paid him six shillings, half a crown and sixpence.
Was that the same money that you received from your mistress.
Yes, it never was out of my hand till I give it to the prisoner; there was nobody else in the shop, it was about two o'clock.
Your purchasing these things were only a pretended circumstance; you were not to keep the stockings were you.
No.
You were to give them to the prosecutor Mr. Stirtevant.
That I did not know.
This was a contrivance of Mr. Stirtevant for the purpose.
I suppose so, I do not know.
You know it was so; did not you buy them for Mr. Stirtevant.
Yes.
The ladies are not so rude as to say yes at all times; did not you give the stockings to Mr. Stirtevant.
I gave them to my mistress.
I came into the shop afterwards; it might be about half after two, I asked him if he had sold any goods, he said he had. I unlocked the till to see if the money corresponded with the articles sold.
Did you know what money was in the till before.
No, I did not, the till was locked up, having strong suspicion of him; he had been accstomed to put the cash on the desk, he contrived to put this cash between the top of the counter and the till into the till, so that when I had unlocked the till there was the money exactly as he had put it in; there was the half crown and the four shillings; the till was partitioned off close up to the counter, it was impossible for it to go where the other silver was, there was no silver but that in that partition. I then requested the prisoner to go to his dinner, finding the money did not correspond with the purchase; after he returned from dinner he was requested to put down his articles in a book, which I kept for that purpose, he put down the articles. He was asked if he put down all the articles that he had sold, he said yes; that was sufficient for me.
What was in the book.
One pair of woman's cotton, two shillings, one pair ditto, half a crown, and one pair of woman's black worsted, half a crown, that made seven shillings.
Mr. Stirtevnat came to me and desired me to send some marked money to his house; I gave it to my servant, and she went.
The same money that he gave to you you gave to your servant.
Yes.
I am an officer; I searched the prisoner, and found two shillings on him that the prosecutor claimed.
