I am a baker living in Old street. The prisoner came into my service in February last; he left me on the 8th of October.
Do you know Mrs. Williams
Yes, she was a customer of mine then; she lived in Charles street.
Do you know on the 9th of September of any goods delivered by him to her
I know by written documents in the book.
What was there delivered to the prisoner on the 9th of September
Bread and flour to take to my customers; in this ledger is the entry made at the time. I copied it from him.
You made the entry in that book from the account which the prisoner delivered to you
Yes.
I suppose some of your trade is on credit and some ready cash
It is.
If they have the money they return you the money
Yes; and when they come without the money they return it unpaid, and I make an entry in the book in their presence.
Read the entry
\"A quartern of flour, half a quartern loaf, and a penny roll.\"	"a
Have you any other Mrs. Williams
Yes.
Did he tell you that he had not received the one shilling and nine pence of Mrs. Williams
Yes.
Had he before he left your service made any discovery of this transaction
I often discovered him in an error.
My question is this - whether before he had left your service, you had discovered that he had recieved this money from Mrs. Williams
No.
On the 8th of October he left your service - how long was it after the prisoner had left you that you saw Mrs. Williams
In the course of three or four days. I told her that I had one shilling and nine pence against her, and then was the first time that I knew the money had been paid; about a fortnight afterwards I met the prisoner in the street, he said he lived with a Mr. Morris; I told him that he had taken money that he had not accounted for, I should have him apprehended for taking my money and not accounting for it; I saw him after that on the 1st of November, when I was taken up on a bench warrant.
Had you took out any warrant, or made any charge before a magistrate before this 1st of November
No.
There was an indictment against you for an assault
Yes.
Before the 1st of November had he made any accusation against you
No.
During the time he lived with you had you differed
One morning I could not get him up.
In consequence of what took place that morning did he at any time tell you that he would make any complaint against you
Never
Then the first time that you knew he had made a complaint against you before a magistrate was on the 1st of November
Yes.
Had he ever taken you before a magistrate before the bench warrant
No.
When you came before the magistrate, I suppose the nature of his accusation was his claim
It was.
Was the prisoner present
He was.
Did you at that time make any communication of this transaction
I did; it stood over for a future day.
You and he had some difference while he was with you
Yes.
If he had not threatened to bring you before the magistrate, you would never have preferred this charge
He never threatened me.
Did not he quit your house with the marks of your brutality upon his person - upon your oath, did not he quit your house with his hair torn up by the roots, and black marks on his face - I do not ask you whether you inflicted them - did not you see them
No.
Did he quit your service with any marks of violence
Not as I know of.
Mr. Morris was a baker living about an hundred yards from your shop, from time to time had not you seen the boy going round with bread
I saw him but once.
You know that your wife saw him at Mr. Morris's
She told me so.
How many persons in the course of the day had this boy to deliver flour, bread, and rolls to
Near about twenty.
And the boy was to account to you upon memory for the delivery of flour, quartern loaves, half quartern loaves, and rolls
Yes.
Therefore, of course, he must say he received the money from some one - to a young lad can any thing be more easy than to make a mistake
I do not wish to say that he did it knowingly.
