I am an ironmonger : On Sunday-morning the 2d of October, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, as I was coming along Dyot-street , the prisoner decoyed me into the passage of a house; she laid hold of me without saying any thing to me.
Had you any conversation with her before she laid hold of you?
No; I did not see her till she laid hold of me; she slipped her hand into my left hand breeches pocket, and took out two guineas, a half guinea, a seven-shilling-piece, and three shillings in silver; she turned the pocket inside out; she took from the other pocket a purse containing twelve pieces of foreign coin; she ran away, and I pursued her; but in going through the passage into a yard, and then through another passage into the street, I lost her.
Were you sober?
Yes.
How came you to say before the Magistrate you were a little intoxicated?
I was not so much but I knew what I was doing; I had been drinking that morning with a person.
What had you been drinking that morning?
Two glasses of brandy.
Will you swear it was not by your consent you went into this passage?
Yes; I went the next morning to Bow-street, and got two officers; I took them with me to Dyot-street; I saw the prisoner standing in the street, with two others, and I identified her.
How long were you with her?
Not half a minute; I saw her face, I am sure she is the person; she was searched in my presence, and I saw found upon her a Dutch coin that I had lost; I had had it six months; the foreign coins were all different; the purse was not found, nor any other money.
On Monday the 3d of October, I went with the prosecutor to Dyot-street; the prisoner was standing in Dyot-street; the prosecutor pointed her out; I took her into the Turk's Head, and searched her; I pulled out this piece of foreign coin, which he immediately said was his; the prisoner said, it was not, for she had had it two months; it had been given her by a girl, afterwards she said she found it in Rat's Castle on the Sunday, which is close to where he was robbed; he shewed me the house and the passage.
I was with Treadway; I held the prisoner while he searched her; she refused to be searched; a piece of foreign coin was taken out, which the prosecutor owned.
I heard a great noise on the Sunday morning as I lay in my bed, and a person calling out, watch! I asked what was the matter; the people said, it was a drunken man had been robbed; I put on my cloaths, and went to the door; the people were all laughing at his calling out, watch! he pulled some papers out of his waistcoat pocket, and said he had got some notes left; he then pulled out some silver and halfpence, and gave to a parcel of girls that were about him; he went into a public-house with them, and I saw no more of him till the Monday morning; after he was gone I found this foreign coin in the passage; when I was taken I was so flurried I did not know what I said; I told them I had had it two months; but when I came before the Magistrate I told the truth, that I had found it.
There is not a word of truth in what she has said.
