I am the widow of the deceased: On Saturday the 15th of March, we lodged at No. 37, Poland-street , in the second-floor, Mills's house; the prisoner came there between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, we were in bed, when a knock came to the bed-room door, my husband asked who was there, and a voice made answer, and said, I came from Mr. Aberer, about some small clothes; Mr. Aberer is a tailor, my husband told him to go into the next room, and he would get up and dress himself; he said, I will get up and see who it is; he got up, and somebody pushed at the door while he was opening of it; when the door was pushed again, he gave it a push against the people on the outside; he said, who was there, what were they doing, I said, what is the matter, come to bed; then he came in, and the man at the bar, a butcher, and Mr. Aberer's foreman came in with them.
Did the butcher come in the first time?
The butcher was at the door when I got out of bed; I am not sure that he came in, my husband got out at the foot of the bed, and got into the next room.
Was there any conversation between Wilson and your husband?
I heard a voice say, here he is.
Did your husband say any thing to you or Wilson before he went into the room?
I cannot recollect.
Did he say any thing about constables?
Yes; when I asked him to come into bed, and asked him what was the matter, he said, oh, Mary, here are constables coming to take me.
Did any thing more pass?
I do not know, I am sure, I cannot recollect at present; there was something passed between Wilson and him, but I cannot recollect what, just as he was getting out at the foot of the bed; he shut this man, the foreman of the tailor, into the front room with him.
The name of the foreman was Ledeka.
I got out of bed after he went into the front room, and went into the lobby.
How long was it before you were in a situation to go out upon the stairs?
I put nothing on but my gown and one petticoat; when I went into the passage, I saw Wilson, and I believe, this butcher, this man in a butcher's dress.
The butcher's name was Lyne.
Where were they standing?
Standing at the front room door; I asked one of them what was the matter? he told me, that he had got a warrant, or an order.
Did he state the purpose of his warrant?
To arrest Mr. Bartolomichi from the tailor.
Which of them gave that answer to you?
Mr. Wilson; I then told my husband to open the door; he told me he would not; he said, they had shewn me no paper, they have not touched me, nor they dare not break the door: Wilson said, he had better open it, he told him to open the door, he did not want to hurt him.
Did he make any proposal to your husband about settling the business about which he came?
He told him to open the door and dress himself, and go to Mr. Aberer to settle it, and that he need not go to prison; my husband said, he would not, and told them to go away from the door; he repeated many different things, but I cannot recollect them, about telling Wilson to go away; I told him to go and fetch Mr. Aberer, to settle it; something else passed, but I cannot recollect what, but I told him to go and fetch Mr. Aberer and settle it; then he went down the stairs, and the butcher either went with him or before him; then I knocked at the door, and told him they were gone; I told him to come and get his clothes and dress himself; he opened the door, and I gave him in his clothes.
Was there any body in the room with him?
Yes, Ledeka; my husband let him out, and he went away, then he locked the door, and I gave him his clothes; after having dressed himself, he remained in the front room some minutes, this Wilson came up again to the door.
Did your husband not go down stairs at all?
Not at that time, it was afterwards.
When Wilson came back, who was with him?
At his first coming up to the door, I do not believe there was any one with him; he knocked at the door, and asked it to be opened; when he came up to the door, there were men coming up with him; my husband said, he would not open he door, and if he did not go away, he would make him; Wilson made some answer, but I cannot recollect what it was, so then he frightened Wilson away, or Wilson went away, I do not know.
What did he say or do to frighten Wilson away?
He spoke within side of the door, I do not know what he said; then he went down stairs, and my husband opened the door and went down after.
Did you go down stairs with your husband?
Yes, I followed him down to the first floor; I then saw Wilson go out at the door, and my husband driving him out with a short sword; Wilson then went away, and returned the same moment; my husband wanted to shut the door, and Wilson and several other men came in, and drove up stairs after my husband; as I was going up stairs, he said to me, oh, Mary, I shall be murdered; my husband went into the second floor front room, and fastened the door; Wilson was coming up after him, with several other men; Wilson and the other men went up to the garret; they broke open the garret door, and when they could not find him there, they returned down to the second-floor, a man looked through the key-hole of the front room door, and said
Were you in the room?
No; I was in the lobby, by the back-room door; a man looked through the key-hole, and said, when he saw the door shut, that there was a key on the inside, and it was locked.
Did they attempt to get in?
Yes; a man put a stick against the door, and they broke open the door, the man went into the room.
Did he go in alone?
The rest were behind him.
Do you know which man it was?
No; he said, here he is, the others followed; my husband made answer, and said, here I am, what do you want with me? they rushed in, and I heard the people say, murder him, murder him, knock him down, shoot him.
Had your husband said nothing to them?
He made some answer, but what it was I cannot tell; they all scuffled into the room.
Did he not say any thing like this - though they had broke the door open, they should not take him?
Yes; I think he did say so; I stood by the door of the room; I did not see my husband at that minute, I saw him when he was down, before so many of them got in, I saw him stand.
Where was Wilson at that time?
Along with them all; they were all together standing in the room.
What was their situation, with respect to your husband - were they near him?
Yes, they were over him; they had nothing in their hands but sticks, the men all had sticks.
Had none of them a poker in their hand?
That was Wilson that had the poker.
Did the men say any thing at this time?
yes, they did; I saw Wilson's arm, I believe it to be Wilson's arm, I cannot swear that it was.
Do you recollect any thing said by any of them, when your husband was on the floor?
They said something, but I cannot recollect it; I then saw the poker fall like by the hand that held it up, I saw it go down; then I heard them say, d - n him; drag him up, they then dragged him out of the room.
Are you quite sure, that when you saw the poker go down, your husband was lying upon the floor?
Yes; I got out, and I saw them dragging him out; I got out before him at the top of the stairs; my husband asked me for a handkerchief, he was all over blood.
Did you observe where it appeared to come from?
Yes, all down his face.
What were the appearance of the men?
They appeared to be trades looking men, they were very shabbily dressed.
Did they appear to have any marks about them?
Not any marks of cuts, only blood that they had from him.
Did you give your husband the handkerchief?
No, they took him away.
Why did you not give him a handkerchief?
Because they said, d-n him, and something - and took him away; I cannot recollect what it was; I asked them they did mean to murder my husband, and I lifted up my hands so, (describing it;) and of them gave me a blow, and called me a name.
What was the expression they made use of?
I think it was, a b - d whore or a b - d b - h, and said, they would serve me so too, and dragged him down by me as I stood, as I held by the banisters; they wiped their hands against the wall as they went by; they then took him out of the house.
When you saw the poker go down, and your husband lying upon the floor, were you near enough to see whether it hit him?
I saw the poker go down, I did not see where it went to.
About what height was your husband?
About five foot two, or three, or four inches in heighth; I do not know exactly, he was a little man, all these men were over him.
The poker you have mentioned was the poker beionging to that front-room in which your husband lived?
Yes, it was.
Wilson, at the first time he came, behaved very civily, and told him, he thought he could settle it for him without his going to goal?
Yes.
You wished that your husband would have submitted quietly to the arrest, and advised him to do so?
Yes.
Before Wilson went away the first time, do you remember your husband calling out to you, Mary, Mary, bring me the dagger?
Yes, I think he did.
Then there was no violence attempted to your husband, or any body in the house, till after your husband had driven down the Wilson with a short sword?
No.
Did your husband get this dagger himself, or did you fetch it to him?
He asked me for it, and I gave it him.
Where did your get it from?
From the back room, the bed-room.
Where in the bed-room was it?
It used to be by the bed-side, but it was then in a box in the room.
Do you recollect, when they desired admittance at the door, he said, he would not render to twenty men, he would have life for life?
No; but I heard him say, he would not submit to twenty soldiers if they came, he was not afraid.
I should suppose, at the time you saw that the part of the scuffle, which you did see, you were exceedingly alarmed and frightened?
Certainly I was.
Were any of the people of the house present, upon the stairs, or about at the time?
Part of the time, the landlady of the house was there.
That is Mrs. Mills?
Yes.
We wish to ask, whether the deceased made any resistance when they entered the room in which he received the hurt?
I could not see at that instant, there were a number of men before me.
Had he a dagger then?
I believe he had.
Could you see where the dagger was, when he was lying upon the floor?
No; but when I went into the room, it was lying by the window.
How far was that window near which you saw the dagger lying, from the place where your husband had been lying upon the floor?
He was by the fire-side, as far as from here to there.
I keep the Crifpin public-house, in Poland-street, next door but one to Mrs. Mills, on the me side of the way; on the 15th of March, I was ting in the tap-room I heard an noise in the street; I went out past my window to the house where the deceased lodged.
Do you recollect Wilson, the prisoner at the bar?
No; I cannot swear to the persons of any of them; five or six persons went into the house, I followed them, and when I came up to the one pair of stairs, the window was standing on the stairs; the man pursued up stairs, and went into the garret; I stood at the foot of the garret stairs, by the door of the two pair, and then came down from the garret, and went towards the first floor; in a moment or two after, they returned again up to the second floor; one of the men which came up stairs first, looked through the key-hole, and said, he saw the key in the door inside, he tried the door and it was fast; he said, if you are in there come out; nobody made any answer, but a man behind him, that followed him up stairs, holloaed out, break the door open; he took a stick, pushed the door, and it flew open the first time; he then took the handle of the lock in his hand, he did not go into the room at first, but looked past the door into the room, as if to see if any body was there, and said, d-n you, I don't mind a pistol.
Had the man any thing in his hand?
He had a stick that he broke the door open with, but nothing else; then the other man came up to him, and they all went in together; I heard one of the men say, shoot him.
Did you see any thing to shoot him with?
Not any thing.
Did you see any body throughout the whole, that had either a gun or a pistol?
Neither; nothing but sticks; somebody called out, knock him down, and other expressions; I believe the word, murder, was made use of, but I cannot say, I heard a great noise in the room after they got in; I thought it was tables and chairs which they were throwing at the deceased.
You did not see?
No, I never went into the room; I heard the deceased shriek out, I was then standing at the door; they dragged him out, two men, each had hold of him by the collar; they dragged him out of the room on to the landing-place; the man seemed to hang back, and one of the men said, come along you little b-t; as they were dragging him past me, the deceased, wife was standing by me, two men followed the deceased, one of them, like a butcher, dressed in a frock, with sticks in their hands, said, d-n your eyes, you b-h, we will knock you down too.
To whom was that addressed?
To Mrs. Bartolomichi; they then dragged him down stairs; the blood seemed to come very forcibly from his mouth on the stairs; after they had got him out at the door, I saw them take him towards Oxford-road; I saw them turn the corner of Oxford-road, and I saw no more of them.
You do not know what passed when they were there before?
No.
Where you stood, on the landing-place, you could not see into the room?
No; I could not see into the room where they were.
Where did Mrs. Bartolomichi stand?
Sometimes walking about in the back room, and in and out; she seemed quite distressed, and did not know where she went to, and one time with her hands together.
The person who made use of that offensive expression to Mrs. Bartolomichi was not the prisoner?
No.
How long was it, from the time they broke into the room, till they dragged him out?
Not above a minute.
I keep the house in which the deceased lived: On the morning of the 15th of March, I heard a noise; I got out of bed, and wrapped a great coat round me, I slept on the dining-room floor; I came out and inquired what was the matter; they said they were come to arrest Mr. Bartolomichi; I then saw Mr. Wilson come running down stairs frightened, I believe from the second floor; then I went up nearly to the second floor landing-place, and I heard the deceased say that he would not be took, that he would kill or be killed, repeatedly; he said, if twenty soldiers were to come they should not take him; then, by that time, Wilson had gone out to get more assistance; I saw Lyne, the butcher, standing at the bottom of the stairs, he seemed very much afraid; there was a man locked in the front room all the time.
Do you know who that man was?
A tailor's foreman; he was, I dare say, half an hour in the room.
He was a person taken there by the prisoner for the purpose of certifying that he was the man?
Yes; Mrs. Bartolomichi went to see if there were any more men in the house; she came back, and said there were no more officers; then Bartolomichi opened the door and came down stairs, with a dagger in his hand.
What sort of a dagger was it?
About half a yard long, what I saw out of Bartolomichi's hand; then he drove the young man, the butcher, out at the door, with the dagger, pointing it at the street-door; by that time Mr. Wilson was coming back with more assistance; then they went up stairs, Mr. Bartolomichi, and the people after him; I went into my own apartment, and saw no more of it till they brought Mr. Bartolomichi down stairs again; they led him along the passage out at the street-door, and up the street towards Oxford-street; and then I saw no more of them.
The poker was not a poker that any of the persons brought with them?
No; it belonged to the room.
And therefore it might have been taken up suddenly by some person, without intention of doing any mischief with it?
Yes, (the poker produced) ; I believe this is the poker.
Was the dagger as long, or longer, than this poker?
Not so long.
Have you the dagger to produce?
No, my Lord; unfortunately Mr. Degville, after the Coroner's Inquest, conceiving there was an end of the inquiry, broke it to pieces.
That was extremely wrong.
He is a foreigner, my Lord.
Could the deceased have run the butcher through if he had been so inclined?
The butcher ran so fast, that I do not think he could.
The butcher was making his way out of the house?
Yes.
He was drove out by the deceased with a dagger?
Yes.
At that time, was not the deceased pointing his dagger at the butcher?
Towards his shoulder as he went down the steps.
In order to force him out of that house?
Yes.
You say the foreman was in the room with the deceased?
Yes.
After he came out of the room what became of him?
He went down the kitchen stairs, I did not see him again.
I keep the White-lion public-house in Oxford-street: On Saturday the 15th of March last. I saw the prisoner come out of Poland-street with other persons; I have known him many years, he is a Sheriff's-officer; there were five or six men leading along a man bleeding very much at the mouth; Wilson left the man to call a coach, there were two coaches on the stand; he called a coachman, but the coachman seeing the bloody man would not turn out of the stand; Wilson went and got into the coach first, the man that was bleeding was laid along the pavement opposite the coach, and Wilson called out to the man, bring the bloody b-r along; the bleeding man was then led up to the step of the coach; he there seemed unable, or unwilling, I cannot say which, to go up into the coach; Wilson said, you bloody b-r, do you want to begin again; do you want any more of your teeth jammed out; the bleeding man cried out, O Lord! O Lord! my arm, you have broke my arm, or you have hurt my arm, I did not hear which he said distinctly; Wilson replied, you bloody thief, I never touched your arm; the man cried, O Lord! and then they shoved him into the coach, the coachman wiped some blood from his mouth first; Wilson said, thank God, I saved you from killing that man; but who it was I did not know; I did not hear the deceased say any thing to that.
I am pot-boy at the King's-arms, in Poland-street: On the 15th of March, I saw the prisoner, that is the man, with two or three more with him; I saw the deceased run Mr. Lyne up to the door with something in his hand, but what it was I do not know; he turned him out, and then the deceased turned quickly in at the door, and four or five men after him, they had very large sticks in their hands; then I hastened up to the door, and stood opposite the door, on the other side of the way; I saw them bring the deceased out, pulling him by the arms, and the collar; then they led the deceased into Oxford-road, and going along Oxford-road, between Poland street and Berwick-street, he was walking with one man on one arm, and one man on the other; Lyne was walking about two yards behind him; Wilson was one that was leading him.
Do you recollect seeing them put the deceased into the coach?
Yes.
Did you hear the prisoner say it is very well I knocked you down, or you would have killed that man?
Wilson said it is very well I knocked you down with the poker, or else you would have killed that man, pointing to Lyne.
Did the deceased say any thing in contradiction to that?
He did not; he was crying with the pain in his arm, I believe.
I am a Hackney-coachman.
Were you on the stand on the 15th of March last, in Oxford-street?
I was.
Did you see the prisoner at the bar?
Yes; he was the man that called me, there were three more with him; I observed a man between two more, bleeding about the mouth, he was put into the coach; first of all two men got in, and then the man that was bleeding; I asked the prisoner at the bar what had been the matter; the prisoner told me that the man that was bleeding drew a dagger out of a stick, and he was very near being run through; and he in his own defence, he said, took up a poker, and rammed down his throat.
Where did you drive them to?
Five of them got in, and told me to drive to the Old-Bailey as quick as I could; I stopped at the debtor's-door, at Newgate, and got out there.
In what state did the bleeding man appear then?
He appeared very saint; he was taken into Newgate, and I did not see any more of him.
When he said this to the deceased, did he contradict him?
No.
Unfortunately the deceased knew too much of the law, and too little; he knew that a door could not be broke open for the purpose of arrest; in that he was correct; but he did not know, which is also law, that if an officer got peaceably into the house, he might break open the inner door; he may break open any inner door having once got within the outer door.
I am band-master at the Opera-house; the deceased was a dancer at the Opera-house: I visited him at St. Bartholomew's Hospital after he had received the wound, in the evening of the same day.
What did he say to you, as to his apprehensions of his own life?
He said that he had been murdered.
Did he use any other expressions, respecting whether he expected to live or not?
He said he was a dead man; he said, he was certain that he would die; that he repeatedly said.
After he had said that to you, did you enquire of him in what manner the wound happened?
I did: he told me that some men came into his apartments in the morning, that they knocked at the door, and he asked them who they were; they told him to open the door, and he would not; they then forced the door open, and he ran into the other room; that they afterwards came, many of them
Did he state to you what he did when he came into the other room - did he say any thing respecting a sword?
Yes; but that was not till the other people came; he said other people came, and forced into the room, and he then took his sword, and presented it to them to frighten them; they immediately threw chairs and tables at him; in that scuffle one came behind him and pulled him down, while another struck him in the mouth with a poker, and knocked it down his throat, and when he was down, he pulled the poker out with both his hands; that then they dragged him away; he said they had never touched him; I put the question to him, and asked him whether they had presented him a warrant, and he said, no; that is all I know of it.
Did you see him at any other time than the 15th, at which time you first saw him, and the day of his death?
I saw him three times: I saw him on the Saturday, on the Tuesday, and on the Friday.
Did he, at each of those times, state that he was in apprehension of approaching death?
He did.
Did he relate the circumstances of the case more than once?
He did, three times.
Were all those accounts, of the circumstances of the case, consistent with what you have now related?
They were.
Did he, in the course of what he told you, mention any thing of the preceding circumstances, of having pursued the man down stairs with a dagger?
He did not; he only told me he had taken his sword to frighten them away, but that it never touched any one.
And that he took up this sword upon their coming into the room?
He did.
He did not mention to you that he had used such an expression as this: I will either kill or be killed, I will not be taken?
He did not.
In the course of your conversation, you asked whether they had shewn him a warrant?
I did.
Your impression consequently was, that if they had not so done, they were acting illegally?
When he told me they had not touched him, I knew he was wrong.
Your idea was, that the touching was not necessary, but that it was necessary that they should shew a warrant?
I imagined so.
His idea was carried to a greater length, he thought it necessary that he must be touched by the officer?
Yes.
And upon that opinion, you collected from him that he justified the resistance that he made?
I should judge so.
Had you any opportunity of seeing the instrument with which he attempted to frighten them?
I saw it the first time at the Coroner's Inquest; and I saw it at Mr. Peters's the next morning.
Mr. Peters belongs to the Hospital?
He is the undertaker.
What became of the instrument?
I went to Mr. Peters the next morning to speak to him, and to consult how he was to be buried; and in the course of conversation, Mr. Peters took the broken sword, for it was a broken sword, and presented it to me; I looked at it, and said, d-n it, says I, it shall not cause the death of any other man, and broke it into small pieces, and left it in Mrs. Peters's house.
Of what description was it?
It was a broken sword, to which a handle had been affixed.
And, therefore, much longer than daggers usually are?
Very much.
Nearly the length of that poker?
I think it was.
It was twenty-one inches and a half, I have witnesses to prove it.
That was the day after the Coroner's Inquest?
Yes; and I imagined all the business was at an end.
I need scarce ask, I suppose, whether you meant to suppress any evidence?
Certainly not.
Were you not the prosecutor?
I went with the window to Sir William Addington .
You must have supposed that it was necessary to be taken care of, it could have done no harm in the hands of proper people.
Do not you know that the war rants were issued before the dagger was broke?
I do not; I thought, after the verdict of the Coroner, that the business was at an end; it was certainly an instrument that would have killed any man had it been used.
. I am a pupil of St. Bartholomew's Hospital: I attended on Saturday, the 15th of March, at the usual time, between ten and eleven o'clock.
Can you say whether he died of that wound?
He most assuredly died in consequence of a wound that he had received under his tongue.
Did it cause a fever, or gangrene, or what?
A mortification, and divided a material artery, which produced an hemorrhage, and mortification took place.
What was the appearance of the wound?
After his death, we found the wound extend five inches on the right side, under his tongue.
What was the appearance of his lip?
He had a wound in the upper lip which penetrated entirely through; the red part of his lip was not injured, but above that there was a hole which penetrated quite through, and two or three of his teeth were knocked out.
Are you able to state whether a poker could have proceeded to cause that wound, from the aperture in the upper lip?
It is impossible for me to speak with certainly upon that, as it has been doubtful, but I should think it could not; if it had been done by one blow, I should have conceived that the red part must have been injured; I believe it to have been a distinct blow, but I cannot say with any certainty; the blow under the tongue was certainly the cause of his death.
That is an opinion upon which others have differed?
There were very few of us that did examine him; none of them examined him so minutely as I did; some have differed.
Now I will put it to you, Mr. Gurney, whether there is any evidence which brings the blow home to the prisoner, expect the confession?
There is not any, except the declaration of the deceased.
But that declaration does not at all prove who the person was that struck him; there is no evidence of that except the prisoner's own confession, which confession is accompanied by a declaration that he did it by way of self-defence; that confession is his defence, as well as his accusation. Gentlemen, I will now ask you, after what you have heard, whether you think it necessary to proceed any farther.
My Lord, as your Lordship has called upon me, I think I am bound, in justice to the prisoner, to say, that if my learned Friends prove he acted under a warrant, it will then become a case of justisiable homicide.
Certainly the warrant should be proved.
I will prove that directly.
The attorney for the prosecution informs me that he has seen the warrant; I will not, therefore, insist upon the proof of the warrant, but will admit it.
My Lord, I had like to have been murdered twice by the deceased, once with a poker in his right hand and a knife in his left at the same time; that was the time that I made my escape out of the room, and the deceased at that time locked the door, and kept in the foreman belonging to the plaintiff; then I went to fetch Lyne to my assistance; he went with me; I knocked at the fore room door, and asked if Ledeka was there, but I received no answer; Ledeka will tell you that the deceased held a knife to his breast, and would not let him answer me; then I begged of him to come out quietly; I begged of Mrs. Bartolomichi to prevail on him to come out; I told her I would go down with her to Mr. Degville, and take their joint note for the debt, or I would go with them to the plaintiff; he would not comply with either; I then told him if he would come out and behave like a civil man, I would take his own note for six weeks at my own risk; he then told me he would either murder me or I should murder him, for he would not go to prison; I then told him I could not leave him, I must break the door open; but I thought proper to fetch more assistance, I found him so very violent; I then returned in about five minutes with three others; just as we got within about twenty or thirty yards of the deceased's lodgings, I saw the deceased drive out Lyne with a dagger in his right hand; he put his left hand on to the door-post, and extended his right arm, and made a blow which we were very much afraid was in his shoulder; we then all followed him up stairs, but he was so very quick that we lost fight of him; we searched the back-garret, and he was not there; we then returned to the fore-room of the two pair of stairs, one of the persons with me saw the key on the inside of the door, I concluded that the deceased was in that room, and then put a stick just by the lock and shoved it open; it came open very easy, there was no damage done to the lock; I entered the room first, and Crane immediately after me; the deceased then ran to me with the dagger in his right hand, I made my escape out of the room, and cried murder; he then immediately attacked M. Crane, and made a blow at his breast with a dagger, which he avoided; he was making another blow at him in the breast apparently, I then said hold of the poker, which laid upon the drawers, the same poker which the deceased bad drove me out with, and in that instant I threw it at him, just as the dagger was coming towards Crane's breast; the poker entered just under the nose; at that instant he let the dagger fall which he had in his hand; he pulled out the poker with both his hands, and made a blow at Crane with it, he then immediately ran towards the window, which was open, and certainly would have jumped out if Crane had not caught hold of him and pulled him back; Crane and one or two more laid hold of him, and brought him down stairs instantly, he never fell down at all; and the witnesses will tell you there were no chairs or tables at all moved.
I am foreman to Mr. Aberer, the tailor: My master called me down from the shop to go with the prisoner to arrest Mr. Bartolomichi for debt; my master ordered me to go with him, and I went with him; my master told me that he was a sheriff's officer; I went with him to where Mr. Bartolomichi lodged; the street-door was open; there was a young woman there, and I asked her is Mr. Bartolomichi at home; she said he was; we went up stairs and knocked at the door; he answered, who is there; I told him I came from Mr. Aberer; then he gave me an answer to go to the other room, it was the front room; I went to the front room, I stood just at the door, and the officer, Wilson, stood a little behind me; at the same time Wilson took out his pocket-book and pulled a paper out of the pocket-book; then Mr. Bartolomichi opened the back-door and came out; there is no door from the front-room to the backroom, but they must come out on to the stair-case to go from one room to the other; he came half out upon the stair-case, I told Mr. Wilson, that is your man; Mr. Wilson put his hand upon his shoulder, and said, you are my prisoner; then he returned to his bed-room and he wanted to shut the door, and I put my foot between the door so that he could not shut it; then Wilson went into the bed-room; it was dark; Wilson said, open the shutters; Mr. Bartolomichi jumped into bed again directly, and when Wilson said open the shutters, he jumped out of the bed again and went into the front room; me and Wilson then were after him; he wanted to shut the front-room door, we were so close to him that he could not do it; then he ran up to where stood a table just by the window, and there he took a knife in his hand; he ran to the fire-place and took a poker, and began to swear in a dreadful manner, if he did not leave the room he would murder him; and ran up to Wilson; I said held of him, and said, what are you about; then when I looked round, Wilson was gone out of the room; I let him loose again, and he ran up to the door and locked it, I was locked in; he took the key in his mouth, he had a knife and the poker in his hands; I asked him to let me out, then he took the key out of his mouth, and came up to me with the poker and the knife in his hand, and told me if I was not quiet he would murder me; then I was quiet; then he called out Mary, to his wife, give me my clothes, and give me the dagger; then she came and knocked at the door, and said, there is your clothes; at the same time, when he opened the door to receive the clothes, he put the poker upon a pair of drawers which stands close to the door; he took the clothes and the dagger; he put the dagger upon the table and began to dress himself; when he was dressed, he told me he should jump through the window; I told him he should do no such thing, he would break a leg or an arm; there were curtains in the room and he tied the strings together to let himself down; I told him if he did such things I should make a noise; then there came a knock at the door of the room where we were; that was Wilson; Wilson asked if that man was in there, he meant me.
I did not know his name.
Then Mr. Bartolomichi came up to me and told me if I was not quiet he would murder me, and so I was quiet; then Mr. Bartolomichi and Wilson had some talk together before the door was open, but I cannot recollect what; Wilson told him to give him a note, or something.
