I am clerk to a warehouseman , No. 5, Ironmonger-lane, Cheapside: On Wednesday the 9th of this month, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was going down Ludgate-hill, just before I got to Bridge-street, I met my Lord Mayor's show; I turned back with it, till I came opposite the Old Bailey , where it stopped; the people were taking the horses out of the late Lord Mayor's carriage; I, with a great number more, stopped to look at them; I had my pocket-book buttoned in my right-hand coat-pocket outside; directly after I stopped I put my hand to my pocket, I found the pocket unbottoned, but the book was there; I then saw the prisoner collared by Mr. Levy at my back, close to me; he took him off the foot-path into the horse-road; as soon as he had got off the foot-path, I saw my pocket-book in the prisoner's hand: I told Mr. Levy it was mine; Mr. Levy told me to go with him; I went with him and the prisoner to Giltspur-street Compter; Levy has the property.
What did the prisoner say at the time?
He said he picked it up.
I am a constable: On the 9th of November I was on duty; I had seen the prisoner for an hour or two, I had seen him make several attempts; I followed him up Ludgate-hill; I saw him follow this young man; he put his hand first to his left and then to his right-hand pocket; I saw him take the book out of the young man's pocket; I took him by the collar, and told him, I had been watching him for two hours before; I took him to Giltspur-street Compter; going to the Alderman, he told me he would give me two guineas to tell the Alderman I picked it off the ground.
You did not begin the conversation with him?
No.
There was nothing said by you about being turned up?
No; I suppose since last Wednesday I have not had less than twenty of his friends at my house.
How long have you been a constable?
Six years.
How long ago is it since you were in custody?
Any man might be taken up for an innocent affair.
Did you never turn King's evidence against a prisoner?
Not to my knowledge.
You must know - Were you never committed by a Magistrate, and afterwards gave evidence here?
Upon my oath never.
Nor at Clerkenwell?
Never in no Court.
Have you never been taken up?
Yes; I was taken up upon a charge of buying a note.
A two hundred pound Bank-note?
Yes, and you were my Counsel; the Lord Mayor discharged me, knowing it was a wrong thing; that is the only time I ever was in custody in my life.
You took the prisoner's two guineas?
Yes.
I know the prisoner, and I know Levy; I saw him when he was taking him from the Compter to Guildhall to be examined.
What are you?
A publican at Mile-end; as they were going along, Levy said to the prisoner, you may give me what you like, I can do the trick; then we went into a public-house, and had something to drink, I believe a glass of brandy a piece, and I saw some money pass from the prisoner to the constable; I understood he was to give him part then, and part when he got to Guildhall. I have known the prisoner a twelvemonth; he was a pork-butcher in Golden-lane till within these three months; he bears a very honest character.
What are you?
I keep the George, in Pelham-street, Mile-end New Town; I kept the Stationers Arms, in St. John-street, before that.
