I have two houses at Paddington ; I lost a considerable quantity of lead from one of them, in which Mr. Amery, my foreman, lived; I live at Brompton, a mile off.
Then it is not your dwelling-house?
No; Mr. John Amery lives in it with his wife and family.
I live in this house, to superintend the repairs, it is a very large house.
It was nobody's dwelling-house, then, at the time the lead was lost?
No; the house was repairing, for the purpose of being let out or sold.
How long have you been in it?
Six or seven months.
Whole furniture was in the house?
My furniture.
Were there any grates in the house?
Yes, in almost all the rooms.
Did you sleep in the house at the time the lead was stolen?
Yes; my wife waked me, and I heard a noise in the house; I went down without my shoes, and a sword in my hand; I called to a Mr. Garrart to come to the front part of the house; I heard three, if not more, in the house; Mr. Garrart had by that time got to the west end of the house; the prisoner, Smith, was then coming out of a window in the front of the house, the breakfast parlour window, which is about nine feet high from the ground; I holloaed to him, and told him I would blow his brains out if he stirred an inch further; then he tried to run away; Garrart was at the other end of the house behind him, I ran the other way and met him; he gave himself up, and said; there were more people in the house, that he had gone into sleep; we took him to the toll-house, where the weigh-bridge 1s, in custody, but we were so long getting him there, that when we got back the others were gone; we found the lead in a bag, and also a billhook and a saw; upon examining the house in the morning, we went to the top of the house, and saw this lead gutter taken up, it was fixed behind the chimney on the roof, the nail-holes agree exactly.(The lead and the bill-book produced.)
I was called up by Mr. Emery; as soon as I came down, I saw the prisoner about half way out of the house; I went to the west end of the house, and Mr. Amery to the north end, been in to sleep, and there were people in the house, he did not know who they were, he had done no harm; we took him to the toll-house, I saw the lead sitted.
Did I not give myself up?
Yes, he gave himself up; he said, he had heard some voices in the house.
What way could he conveniently get into the house?
He told me he got in the way he came out; there were no sash frames in, but the shutters were nailed, and had been force; the fill of the window was much above my reach; he said, the shutters were not fastened, and he got in very easily; he said, he went to sleep in the place where the caprenters work, under the grindstone, that was the laundry, over the coach-house and stables, where we had had about three hundred weight of lead taken away the day before; I said, you know that place well, no stranger could find it out, or expect a room there; he had to go up one stairs, and down another; I found the plaisterer's ladder against the well-hole of the stair-case and out at the window.
Must it have been done by more than one of them?
I am convinced there were more than one; the moment I gave the alarm, the prisoner came down from the two-pair of stairs where I found the lead.
I went into the place to sleep, I did not do any harm to nobody, I am a labouring man, and was never in any trouble in my life before; I work at farmering work.
Is it not the house where they are getting gravel?
Yes.
I know the house perfectly well; I have rode past night and morning, and thought it was very easy for any person to get in either by pushing a board or not pushing a board.
