I am the wife of John Francis , No. 12, Wapping Dock-street , the prisoner was my servant ; my husband had the misfortune to be arrested, and the whole of our furniture was removed to No. 1, Dock-street, the prisoner had the care of that property about the middle of May; I did not miss any property till the prisoner told me the house was robbed of every thing; she met me in the street, and told me so; that was on the 29th of June; Mary Wood and I went about to see if we could find the things, but did not find any thing; the prisoner and I then went to Lambeth-street, and gave information; I heard nothing of it again for six months; one Mrs. Davis gave me information of a bed, which I saw at her house; we had had it eight years; I was sure it was my bed; I went for the prisoner, but she did not come for an hour and a half; she came to my door, and asked what I wanted her for; I told her there was something at Mrs. Davis's, and she knew what it was; she went away, and I had her taken up the same day.
What business is your husband?
A victualler, and boards seamen .
When was it your husband was arrested?
I cannot be particular, I have no business with that, I am not come here concerning that.
What month was it in?
I cannot say.
Just before your husband went to prison, he made over his furniture to Mr. Lethunder, did he not?
Not to my knowledge.
Did you never hear whether he had or not?
I do not know whether he did or did not; the furniture went in, in March, the rent was paid in June.
You had an execution in the house in February?
No.
In March?
No.
Nor January?
No; there was one last Christmas was a twelvemonth; I removed the furniture to a smaller house; I stopped to sell the fixtures on the premises; I entrusted Mary Wood to take care of the furniture.
Where were your sons at the time you were informed of the robbery?
In the King's service.
Are you sure this bed was in the house after the execution was executed?
Yes, and went from No. 12 to No. 1; the prisoner used to sleep there of a night, and after she told me the house was robbed, I went to see, and every thing was gone, even to the tiles out of the fireplace. Mrs. Glover had the care of the house before her.
I was employed by the prisoner to carry a bed from No. 1, Dock-street, to Mrs Davis's house in Pennington-street, about the middle of June last; she went in with me, and saw me deliver it; I saw it at the Justice's, packed up in the same manner that I delivered it.
What are you?
I go out washing and chairing, and do any thing for my living that I can get to do.
How lately had you the misfortune to be in prison?
I never was in prison.
Do you know a person of the name of Drewser?
Yes.
Were you not charged with robbing your lodgings?
No, Never.
You never were in Clerkenwell prison?
No.
Nor any other?
No.
Did you lodge with her?
I lodged three years in her house; she took me up upon a false thing.
No doubt about that - but you were taken up?
Yes.
How long were you in prison?
Three days.
What prison?
Cold-bath-fields.
How came you to swear you had not been in prison?
I did not give my oath to that.
Don't you know you have been sworn?
Yes; I was sworn to speak the truth upon this business.
Did you know the prisoner before?
I have seen her several times.
About the latter end of May, or beginning of June last, the last witness brought me a bed; the prisoner was with her; she had before asked my leave to put a few things into my house; she said she was going to decline servitude, and wished to put these things in my place till she got a room; it was packed up in the coverlid that it is now in; I put it up in the garret, packed as it was, till Mrs Francis came and claimed it.
When did the prisoner come to lodge with you?
Not till a long while after that; she slept upon a bed of mine; it is about three months ago I believe that she came to lodge with me when she left Mrs. Francis.
You gave information to Mrs. Francis?
Yes.
You have had no quarrel with her?
No; I knew her to be a bad woman, and turned her out of the house.
Did she not leave the house, saying you were a bad woman?
No, I turned her out.
Did any body else see the bed come in?
Yes, a lodger of mine, who is here.
I am an officer belonging to Lambeth-street (produces a bed) I got it at one Mrs. Davis's, in Pennington-street, on the 9th of December; I have had it ever since: On Thursday the 10th of December, I took Mrs. Wood into custody, and brought her to Lambeth-street; coming along I asked her how she came by that bed; she said she had bought it of David Polack , a Jew, two years before, and begged I would let her send for him to the Flying Horse; I have known him many years; I sent for him, and he came; I called him into the passage, and she asked him if he did not remember her buying a bed of him about two years before; he answered, no; I bought a quantity of goods of you some years ago, but I never sold you any thing.
I know this bed to be mine by patches that I put on it myself five years ago, and the wool that is inside came from the Black Sea.
Did you not make over all your furniture in February or March last?
No, never; I had no occasion.
Mrs. Davis has got a bed of mine now, a feather and flock bed, and other articles; Mrs. Francis owes me between five and six pounds, and she has no other means but swearing my life away in this rascally manner.
I have no other bed belonging to the prisoner; when she sent the bed to me, she begged I would not let Mr. Francis see the patches upon it, for her life was in his hands.
