I live at No. 7, Newcastle street in the Strand, it is a corner house going into Wych street.
What is your business.
I am constable, auctioneer, elastic brace maker, and cabinet maker .
Have you seen the prisoner before.
Yes, I know him perfectly well; on the 8th of December after my shop was shut up, I was up stairs I heard a knock at the door. I did not come down, but my sons did, and they let the prisoner in. After the prisoner was gone, my son called me down stairs.
Was any thing missing when you come down stairs.
Yes, the furniture which I charge the prisoner with, I had seen it ten minutes before the boy was at my house.
Do you know any thing relating to the present charge of your own knowledge.
No, several days afterwards this boy came again with another boy, then I apprehended them both.
I am the son of the last witness.
Were you at home on the night these curtains were missing.
Yes; I heard a knock at the door, I answered it, it was between five and six o'clock; the prisoner and another boy came in and asked if I had any braces, I told him yes, to walk in; I took them up to the braces, the other boy looked at a pair of silk patent, he asked the prisoner if he should have them, the prisoner said he did not care, he told him to try the braces on his shoulder, and while he was trying them on the prisoner at the bar went out of the shop; going out of the shop he made a stumble, the other boy said I dare say my brother George is only gone out to make water, he said he would call in the morning, and he went out of the shop. When they were both in the shop the prisoner at the bar was behind the other boy just by the curtains.
What light had you in the shop.
Only one candle.
Had not you the opportunity of seeing what the prisoner was doing while you served the other boy.
No, there was a book case between me and him, a sideboard, and a big table.
Had you seen the curtain's before.
I saw them as I let him in, they were laying on the side board tied up.
How large a bundle did they make.
About three quarters of a yard wide and pretty thick.
Was it possible that such a boy as that could take away a bundle like that without your seeing.
It was just by the passage door on the sideboard, I missed the curtains as soon as they were both gone. He first came on the 8th for some braces, he came again on the 17th.
Can you take upon yourself to swear positively from your recollection of his face that he is the same person.
Yes.
You are brother of the last witness.
I am.
Were you with your brother at the time he let two boys in, in December.
Yes.
Did you stay with him all the time the same two boys were there.
Yes.
Should you know either of the two boys if you were to see them again, look round and see if you can find one of them.
The prisoner at the bar is one of them, I know him by his face.
Which of them went out first.
The prisoner at the bar, and he stumbled when he went out on the step of the door.
Did you see the cotton bed furniture.
Yes, on the sideboard; I saw it when they were coming in.
I know nothing about it.
