- I am the wife of Thomas Gayner ; my husband lives in Drury-lane . On Sunday night, the 16th of November, I saw the bed; the prisoner lodged in the house; the things were not taken from the room that he lodged in; on Monday morning, between seven and eight o'clock, I missed them; the watchman took him with the bed upon him.
- On Sunday night, the 16th of November, I apprehended the prisoner coming up Drury-lane, with a bed on his shoulder, and a blanket and bolster; I asked him where he was going with that bed; he told me he had brought them from his lodgings; I asked him how he came to bring them away at that time of night; he said, because he could not pay his lodgings; I suspected that the bed was stolen; I sprung my rattle, and he slung the bed off his shoulder, and ran down one of the courts in Drury-lane; by some accident he tripped himself up, and I came a top of him; Lynch and another watchman came up, and assisted me, and we took the bed, blankets, and bolster, to the watch-house; the next morning Mrs. Gayner claimed the property at the watch-house. (Produces the property.)
This is the bed, blanket, and bolster, that I lost.
Which room were these things in?
On the ground-floor; he lodged up one pair of stairs; the house is let to lodgers; the door was locked, here is the key that I had in my pocket, and here is the key it was opened with, which I found in the lock; it was let to a lodger that was to have come on the Monday following; the next morning I found the room-door half open.
What are the value of these things?
Thirty-five shillings for the bed, half-a-crown for the bolster, and half-a-crown a piece for the blankets; I saw the door locked at eleven at night.
This bed had been let to some person that was to come into the room?
Yes.
Had you delivered the key?
No.
That person who was to come, was to have the use of the bed, and the other furniture?
Yes.
Your husband has two houses, I believe; they were originally two houses, but are now formed into one?
No; it was always one house.
There is an open passage common to all the inhabitants of your house?
Yes.
Does your husband live in the house?
Yes.
- I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street; the magistrates desired me to go and see the situation of the house, to see whether it was a burglary or not; I found a common door to the house; Mr. and Mrs. Gayner lived in it.
Is not that a common door communicating to the lodgings, and is there not a separate door communicating to that part which is occupied by the landlord?
Yes; there are two doors to one house.
Though there are two doors, it is all one house?
Yes.
I was going home, and a man offered me one shilling to carry this bed for him; that was at the corner of Queen-street; and as soon as I had got it upon my back, the watchman stopped me and the man run away.
I am uncle to the prisoner; I never knew that the prisoner lodged in Mrs. Gayner's house; I understand he has been there with bad women, the house is full of them; I never heard any thing against his character before, he is a shoe-maker.
Are there any women that live in your house?
Yes, three; the woman that he lived with came along with him.
Did the prisoner pay you any rent?
No, he was not a lodger.
