- I live in St. Mary-Axe , I am a druggist .
What do you accuse this man of?
Of stealing a bottle of oil of pepper-mint; I was not in London at the time this happened.
I am servant to Mr. Adcock: On the 29th of December, between the hours of seven and eight, the prisoner, Ogle Williamson, came to me under pretence of changing a small paper bag for a large one, which I exchanged with him.
Did you know him before?
I had seen him frequently before, I knew him by sight; he said he wanted some arrow-root, but he thought ours was not very good, but he might call again if we had not shut up shop when he came back; with that he went out of the shop, and I went up stairs to get some candles for the shop; when I brought the candles into the shop, I saw his face appear through the glass-door; I said to my fellow-servant, that I thought Williamson was the person that took the two glass bottles we had lost three days before.
He was outside was he?
Yes.
Did you know his name?
Yes; I knew his name before.
I thought you only knew him by sight?
I did not know any more of him; with that, I told my partner we had better put out the lights in the accompting-house, and one of us go on each side of the door, which we did; and in the course of five minutes he opened the door, and came into the shop, and made towards the window; a gentleman came into the shop for some pill-boxes, and he then ran out of the shop directly; as soon as I served the gentleman I went into the accompting-house again, the clock struck eight; I said to my partner, we had better shut up the shop windows; he said, no, stop a few minutes; with that, he came in again directly, and made towards the window, and took the bottle out of the window; we followed him to the door, he held the door on the outside, and we pulled on the inside, till he let go; and as soon as we got out of the door we cried out stop thief; he turned round the corner of Bevis-Marks, and as he ran, he threw the bottle down, and broke it; I then got hold of him, and took him to the shop; I saw him take the bottle.
When the gentleman went out, did you see him shut the door?
The door was shut, I am sure of that.
Has your master any partners?
No.
You had a great many pepper-mint bottles besides that?
We had only four, they stood in the window together; I cannot say they were all full up to the neck.
On the evening of the 29th of December, the witness, Bird, came to me in the accompting-house, and told me that the prisoner, Ogle Williamson, came to him in the shop to change a bag, and he informed me that he was standing at the glass-door; he told me we had better wait in the accompting-house, and put the lights out, to see whether the prisoner came in again, as we had lost two bottles of pepper-mint before; after waiting a few minutes in the accompting-house, the prisoner came in; a surgeon's young man came in for some pill-boxes, the prisoner ran out again; when I had served the young man, I returned to the accompting-house, at that time the clock struck eight; the witness told me we had better shut the shop up; I told him we had better wait a little longer, and while we were peeping we heard the prisoner open the door, and we saw him come into the shop and take the bottle; as he was taking the bottle, it hit against the other bottle that stood by it, and made a noise, and the witness, Bird, exclaimed, he has got the bottle; we pursued him to the door, he held the door against us on the outside, and when we got the door open the prisoner ran across the street; we pursued him, and called out stop thief; he threw down the bottle in Bevis-Marks, and we both immediately seized him; we then took him to the shop.
How long did the prisoner live with you?
Twelve or eighteen months, about four years ago.
You had no reason to suspect him?
No.
What kind of a latch is your's?
A common shop latch, it goes by a common spring.
Then it might miss fastening?
It might.
