I am a wine-merchant , in Jewry-street, Aldgate : in the month of June last, the prisoner was my cellar-man , and confidential servant ; he lived with me from about Michaelmas 1797, till the time that I had the misfortune to fail.
On the 10th of June, did you lose any wine?
Yes; there is a permit drawn from my stock, for twenty-six bottles of foreign red wine, not French; and twenty-six bottles of foreign white, not French; making eleven gallons of wine. In consequence of something that I discovered, I went to the house of a person of the name of Philpot, who lives in Swithin's-lane, a publican; I received from the Lord-Mayor, a bill of parcels, which was produced by Philpot.
At the time that this man lived with you, were you acquainted that he had any cellar belonging to himself?
No; upon examining my books, I applied to the Commissioners of Excise for the purpose of seeing the request note.
The request note is a previous step, necessary to obtain a permit?
Yes, and of which I kept a counter part of those I knew of, in my permit book.
This man lived in your service for some time; did you know his hand-writing?
Clearly.
Look at that paper, and tell me if that is his hand-writing?
I have no doubt of it.
You have told us that you lost some wine, on the 18th of June last?
Yes.
Have you any other knowledge that you lost that wine, but that you have found a permit in your name for that quantity of wine?
No.
If you had not found that permit, you would not have known, that on that day you lost any wine?
No.
You do not mean to say, that upon looking over your books, you found a deficiency of actually fifty-two bottles that day?
Upon looking over my excise books, I did.
Did you find an exact deficiency of fifty-two bottles on that day?
Between the two stocks, I lost more; the prisoner was a confidential servant, and I left him to the stock entirely.
When was the prior stocking to the 10th of June?
The 31st of May.
When was the subsequent stocking?
The 14th of June.
Has the prisoner not given you a notice to produce your books?
He has.
Now, do you mean to say, that upon the stocking of the 14th of June, there appears to be a deficiency from the stock of actually eleven gallons of wine?
I believe, by examining the book, you will find it so.
The deficiency appears, upon the excise books, that is, that there was not so much wine in the cellar as the permits would cover?
Just so.
Do you mean to say, that you never sent out wine without permits?
A great deal.
You used wine, of course, for your own family?
Certainly.
Of course, there were no permits for that?
Certainly not.
Therefore there were these two modes of wine going out of your cellar, which there were no permits to answer for?
Yes.
I have heard that it is the practice for one merchant to lend another permits?
In the course of fourteen years, I have known but one instance, and that I lent myself, and there will be found a particular entry in the permit book, with respect to it.
You know that such a practice has existed among other wine-merchants?
I do not know it beyond myself.
When had you the misfortune to become a bankrupt?
A commission was taken out against me, the beginning of November.
I believe, about the 4th of July?
I was from home on the 2d of July, on a Tuesday.
I believe, after the 4th of July, your business did not go on regularly?
I believe it did not stop till after the 5th of July, at night.
When you send out wines without permits, it is in quantities less than two gallons?
We are allowed, by the Excise laws to send out none less than fifteen bottles; but if wine is to be sent into the neighbourhood, where it can he carried immediately without pitching it, but then I always keep an account of it in my order book.
But the Excise don't keep an account of what goes out without permits?
No; I believe in that interval, there was not a single bottle sent out without permit, or used in my own family; there is no account of it in my books; there were four bottles for my own drinking.
Was that account kept by yourself?
No, by the clerk; he is here.
The books are kept by Mr. Grant?
Yes.
Who was the servant that generally fetched the wine from the cellar; was it not a female servant?
Not at that time; the prisoner was the person generally employed to fetch up wine.
Did not Ann Brydges use to bring it up?
She is here; but I cannot exactly speak to that.
How long had you been making up your books, before you discovered any thing about this deficiency?
It was not discovered by my making up my books; it was discovered in consequence of some questions having been asked me an the third meeting before the Commissioners of Bankrupts.
At that meeting your cellarman was examined as a witness?
No, he was not.
Was he not brought there to be a witness?
Not that I know of.
Did you not see him there?
Yes.
Do not you believe he was brought there to be examined as a witness upon some transactions of your's?
I cannot say.
Have you never said, that if he had not been so brought, you should never have prosecuted him?
No; I have said I should never have known of the robbery if he had not been brought there.
Have you not said, that you would never have prosecuted him if he had not come there as a witness to prove something with respect to you?
Never in my life.
What I am asking you about, is a transaction of a very recent date, and you cannot have forgot it - how long has the prisoner been taken up; I believe, a fortnight yesterday?
I believe, thereabouts.
Have you not said, that you should not have prosecuted him if he had not come to Guildhall as a witness?
Never.
Have you had any conversation on the subject with a Mr. Rule?
I had.
Have you never said that to Mr. Rule?
Never.
Have you never said any thing in substance like it?
Never; I told Mr. Rule, I should never have discovered the theft, if it had not arose from questions put to him on that day.
When was the examination before the Commissioners, at the third meeting?
On the 1st day of this month; and immediately upon the discovery I wrote a petition to the Commissioners of Excise for leave to examine their books, and to examine the request note, and I found out the request notes I had no counterpart of; and in consequence of that, I immediately took my books before the Lord-Mayor, and exhibited them to shew I had no entry of such quantities being sent out.
Now, with respect to your decrease of stock - does it never happen that there is a decrease by accident, between one stock and another, by accidents of a cask?
It is a possible thing, but not a probable thing; but the officers of Excise in general are pretty correct.
Do you mean to say, that you have never known a deficiency of your stock, which you have believed to have arisen from accident?
I have never discovered it.
Have you never discovered a deficiency from leakage?
No, never.
Then there is no such thing as leakage?
I do not say that; but I have never discovered it.
Possibly you may not have enquired into it?
I had great confidence in the man I trusted, and therefore I did not look into it.
May there not, by possibility, be a difference, by wine being bottled in large bottles, than the Excise calculate on?
Certainly there may, as far as possibility goes.
Bottles are not always of the same size
Certainly not.
The Excise calculate upon a particular sized bottle?
Yes.
And therefore that might produce a decrease in their stocking?
Clearly.
Who generally had the key of your vaults?
During the day-time they were under the direction of the prisoner; when he went from the house, they were left in the passage, it was his business to leave them, and of course were left in the possession of Mrs. Wigzell, or the servant, or whoever was at home.
I believe the prisoner has bought empty pipes, or hogsheads of you?
He has, three or four for the time he lived with me.
The prisoner was occasionally sent out to bottle wine for your customers?
Now and then I have sent him out to bottle off a pipe of wine.
Upon that occasion the lees are the perquisite of the bottler?
By no means; I consider them the property of the person to whom the wine belongs.
But in point of fact, do not you know, that the person who has the wine, gives the lees to the bottler?
I never knew a single instance of it, and the man that does it is a great simpleton, that is my opinion of him.
But, upon these occasions, are the pipes or hogsheads returned to you?
I have not a single instance in my recollection.
Do you know, upon these occasions, whether the bottler purchases the hogsheads?
Not to my knowledge.
Does the leakage find its way into bottles?
If it does, it must be by intent.
I believe there is a debt now due to the prisoner from your estate?
There is.
Is there not, in that very account, a sherry butt?
There is not; there were two sherry butts taken away without my knowledge, a thing I never suffered; there is no account of any such thing, but in the prisoner's hand-writing.
As to those bottles, they were taken without your leave, though he has given you credit for them?
He has, and it is a circumstance that I never allowed.
I am a surveyor of the Excise, Mr. Wigzell's cellar, as a wine-merchant, was within my survey.
Have you any request-note to obtain two gallons of red wine, not French, and two gallons of white wine, not French, on the 10th of June?
I have.
The request-note is necessary to obtain a permit?
It is.
Look at that request note, and tell me whose hand-writing that is?
I have no doubt of it being the prisoner's.
Is that the usual way in which request-notes are sent?
They are written in the same way; but whenever a permit has been drawn for a request-note, it ought to have been drawn from a book kept in my accompting-house, called a permit-book, the counterpart of which remains, the same as with banker's checks: there are two books, one that I keep, in which I keep a counterpart of the permits; I draw the stock sent out, and I keep a counterpart of it from that book; it is the business of the clerk to transcribe the permits that are drawn, for the purpose of knowing what quantity is sent out of my stock, it has so regularly been done and copied by the clerk in the accompting-house, but the name of Philpot mentioned, is not entered by my clerk, but is entered by the prisoner in this book, kept for the purpose of the Excise, without the knowledge of my clerk; after the account has been written up by me, it is in his handwriting; the books are here to shew it, but not in my book, or any of my books.
This book lay in your accompting-house?
Yes.
And the entries were made by your clerk; before and after the name of Philpot appears, the subsequent names were written by your clerk?
No; I believe they are Gourd's hand-writing, they look very much like it, except the last one; the previous ones are entered by my clerk, and they appear to have been entered up to the 11th of June, but this was permitted on the 10th of June, and was written by the prisoner after the entry, on the 11th of June, and the rest, I believe, are entered by the prisoner, except the last one; the one in question, there is no date placed against the name, and it is entered after the entry of the 11th, the stock was taken on the 14th, and therefore I cannot say when it was entered; it was entered apparently on the 14th.
There appears in my book, a decrease in the stock for this permit, of fifty-two bottles.
Do you mean to say that is the exact decrease?
No; there are several bottles decrease; of red, seven bottles, and white, fourteen bottles.
Allowing for this permit?
Yes.
It is not uncommon to have a decrease?
By no means; on the 31st of May, there was a considerable decrease in the stocks.
In almost every stock, there is a decrease more or less?
If they have been bottling, there is sure to be a decrease.
Not only in Mr. Wigzell's stock, but in every other?
Most people's.
I am permit-writer to the Excise.
Is that permit of your writing?
Yes, it is.
That permit is grounded on a request-note previously sent?
Yes.
Is that the request-note upon which it was granted?
It is.
If Gourd had had a cellar, you must have known it?
If it had been in my district, not else.
Did you, on the 10th of June, receive two dozen of red wine, not French, and two dozen of white wine, not French?
I cannot be punctual to the day, but it was thereabouts, the permit accompanied them.
Is that the permit?
It is impossible; it may be the permit, but I cannot swear to that; the permit is given to my stocking-office every twelve or fourteen days; I cannot swear to that.
Did you receive any bill of parcels with it?
Yes.
Is that the bill of parcels?
It is.
Who did you pay the money to?
A porter employed by the prisoner to bring it from his vaults to mine, it amounted to five pounds sixteen shillings; I gave a five guinea check in part.
To whom is the other eleven shillings due?
To the prisoner.
Where did you taste that wine before you bought it?
Under a hair-dresser's shop, in the Minories, on the left-hand side, along with Mr. Close; the prisoner was there, and Mr. Close tasted it; I objected to it as being flat, and he recommended it as being bottoms.
You had no cellar in the Minories?
No; I had that cellar, which I understand the prisoner now has.
Did you desire to have a permit with this wine?
He asked a guinea and a half for a dozen; I told him it would be a long while before it would come round, it was flat, and I would not give more than twenty-nine shillings, and if he did not send it regularly by a permit, I would not have it at all; he agreed to take the twenty-nine shillings.
You looked at the permit?
Yes.
By which you found it to be part of Mr. Wigzell's stock?
I looked at the permit at the time; I did not know how it was,\\ send\\ ing in a permit in another person's name, but there have been many circumstances of lending and borrowing permits.
You bought it as bottoms?
Yes.
And should you have got good red wine, that were not bottoms, at that price?
Three or four and thirty shillings was the price at that time; but I bought it as bottoms.
You know there has been in the trade a custom of lending and borrowing permits?
Yes.
And you supposed that it was a borrowed permit?
I did.
Is it usual for a servant, not dealing in wine himself, to borrow a permit of his master?
I did not know he was servant to Mr. Wigzell.
Have you not been at Mr. Wigzell's house?
No.
If he had been a dealer in wine, would not the permit have been in his own name?
Undoubtedly.
From what you saw in the cellar, had you reason to suppose he was a dealer in wine?
We do not look at people's stock always.
Had you any reason to suppose, from the appearance of the cellar, that he was a dealer in wine?
There were a great many bottles of wine; we had no candle; I had not a prospect of the whole extent of the cellar.
Did you believe you were going into a wine-merchant's cellar?
It is a true sign, for there was wine to taste.
Did you believe you were going to a regular wine-cellar?
We went to taste of the wine.
Did you believe that Gourd was a wine-merchant at the time you dealt with him?
He was not recommended to me as such.
Did you believe that he was a merchant?
It was recommended to me as bottoms, and I bought it as such.
Did you believe you were going into a wine-merchant's cellar?
I cannot say any further than as I said before, there was wine there.
Did you ask him who Mr. Wigzell was, whole stock he sent in?
No, I did not.
I was clerk to Mr. Wigzell on the 12th of June.
Do you know Gourd?
Yes.
Do you know his hand-writing?
Yes; I have often seen him write.
Look at the hand-writing of that bill of parcels?
It is the hand-writing of Gourd.
I lived with Mr. Wigzell about a year and eleven months; I had been in the habit of bottling off wine for several gentlemen, and when I have bottled off wine I have had the cask, and I have had the bottoms, both of white and red, which I have put by; and knowing how to manage them, I have brought them round; not to a proper state, but so as to be sit to drink; I had these bottoms by me, and I spoke to Mr. Close, and told him I had three dozen of each, and he brought Mr. Philpot to me; Mr. Philpot tasted the wine in my cellar, and he and I agreed for the price; I believe there is a witness in Court that has been with me when I have brought home these wines from different places; and, I believe, a witness that tasted the wines in the cask, and was going to recommend me a customer before I bottled it off, but the wine being flat, he could not recommend it to this friend of his, because it was not so good as he could wish it; and I hope and trust the person is in Court now that I sent with it; I drew the permit as usual in the trade, thinking no harm in it; in the course of a few days, Mr. Wigzel was looking over the books, and he saw that in the Excise-book; he said, who is this Philpot; I said, why, Sir, it is a permit that I have borrowed; he said, I shall not stand any such nonsense as that; I told him I would not do so again; and so it passed on till I appeared before the Commissioners at Guildhall; he has done this out of revenge; I hope and trust there are witnesses in Court that can prove that I have bought the casks, and had the bottoms.
Have you never had any conversation with this man about the name of Philpot in your books?
Never.
I ask, upon your solemn oath, whether, before the Commission, be had ever told you it was a borrowed permit?
Upon my oath he never did.
Upon your oath, is what he has said, upon that subject, false?
It is false; I never did know that the name of Philpot was in any one of my books, till since the 1st of January.
I am servant to Messrs. Bamford and Brewer, in Mincing-lane; I have known the prisoner two years.
Do you know of his having been possessed of any wine casks?
I recollect his buying one when he was at Mr. Wigzell's, over the water, where he had been bottling off wine.
Had it the lees in it?
I saw him bring it home to Mr. Wigzell's.
Was that a year ago?
I suppose near half a year ago; he had not then a cellar in the Minories.
From the lees, is it in the power of any man, by draining, to get wine?
Yes, certainly.
Do you know whether the prisoner was in the habit of doing that?
That is the only one I ever knew him buy.
I follow the wine business, and job where I can get it to do.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner buying casks?
Yes, many; empty casks.
Any wine casks?
Yes.
With or without the lees?
Without the lees; I never knew him buy any with.
How long ago?
Near a year.
Have you ever known him collect the lees from the wine?
I have been with him many times when he has been bottling off wine; I was with him at Mr. Tappenden and Denham's, in Foster-lane, and he had the bottoms, which was always the rule, both for cellarmen and coopers, unless the gentleman objected to it; I never heard any otherwise in all my life; he bottled off two hogsheads for Mr. Curtis, at Homerton, when I was with him, and he had the lees there.
Do you know of any other instance?
Yes; Mr. Giles, at the west end of the town.
From the lees, or the bottoms, was it in his power to collect wine?
Yes; by keeping them a certain time, bottling them off, well corking them, and letting them be of a proper age, they will come round.
In what length of time can it be made saleable?
Sometimes four or five, or six months; and sometimes less.
What is the greatest distance of time in which it will come round?
It may be six months.
How long ago is it since he purchased these things?
I am not clear to the time.
Was it one year, or seven years ago?
About two years ago, I suppose.
Before, or after he lived with Mr. Wigzell?
Before.
Have you known him get any thing of this sort since he lived with Mr. Wigzell?
No.
Where was it that he put this wine after it had been given to him?
I heard that he had put it in Mr. Wigzell's cellar, in the Minories.
How long is it since he took the cellar in the Minories - will you swear that he had that cellar even six months ago?
I cannot undertake to say.
Will you swear that he had it so long as four months ago?
I cannot.
Before he lived with Mr. Wigzell, where did he put this wine that he had of Mr. Curtis's?
I do not know.
Do you mean to say he had a cellar?
No, I cannot tell; I always thought him very just, I received my daily labour from him.
Did you work for him?
Yes.
Where did he live at that time that you worked for him?
Yes.
Where did he live at that time that you worked for him?
At Squire Plumer's, in Fen-court.
Did you help him to convey away those bottoms?
No.
I was employed by Mr. Gourd to carry out some wine, and wash some bottles; I carried some wine to Mr. Philpot's, in the month of June last; to the best of my recollection it was four dozen, it was packed up; I carried it from Mr. Gourd's cellar in the Minories, it was under a wax-chandler's shop, to Mr. Philpot's, and he gave me a draft for five-guineas, and said he would settle with Mr. Gourd for the remainder.
Have you ever been in the habit of buying bottles for him?
He employed me three or four days in washing bottles and collecting bottles.
You took this from Gourd's cellar?
Yes.
Where it came from before you do not know?
No.
Are you subpoenaed by the defendant?
No; but I thought this man an injured man, and I came to hear the trial.
Do you know if it is customary, when a cellarman is sent to bottle off wine, that the lees are given to him?
I believe they are very frequently given.
Is it in the power of the person to whom these lees are so given to collect wine from them?
Certainly it is, in considerable quantities.
In the month of June-last, was twenty-nine shillings a dozen a fair price for wine?
For bottoms I think it was a fair price; it certainly would not have been a fair price for very good wine.
I am a merchant's agent, and master porter.
Do you know the custom of bottling wine?
Yes.
Upon\\ send\\ ing a cellarman to a gentleman's house to bottle wine, is it customary to give him the bottoms?
There are many people that won't part with any thing, though they throw it away afterwards; but any gentleman does.
Is it in the power of any person to get wine from bottoms?
Yes; they are always put into a bag to drain the wine from it; I have known the prisoner these twelve or thirteen years, during all that time I never heard a syllable against him since I was born; I have known him trusted with ten thousand pounds at a time.
As a wine-cooper you must know the custom of bottling wine?
Yes.
When a cellarman is sent to bottle off a gen tleman's wine, are the lees given him or not?
Very frequently.
Can the cellarman, from those lees, drain any wine?
A considerable deal; I have known the prisoner two years, he is a very honest industrious man.
I am a wine-merchant.
If a cellarman goes to bottle wine at a gentleman's house, is it not usual for for the gentleman to give him the lees?
I believe it is very common.
Can the cellarman get some wine from those lees?
To be sure he can; the prisoner lived in my service about eight years, I have known him about thirteen years in the whole, and I never heard any thing against his honesty at all.
I deal in casks and bottles: I have known the prisoner twelve years; it is customary for cellarmen frequently to have the lees given them, they generally have them in the pipe, the butler frequently fells the pipes, and the cellarman has the lees; I have known the prisoner thirteen years, he has always borne the character of an honest man.
I am foreman to Messrs. Watts and -.
Have you had any conversation with Mr. Wigzell upon the subject of his charge against the prisoner?
A little; I think it was last Monday.
Did Mr. Wigzell say any thing to you about the reason why he charged the prisoner?
He did not; he told me that he found it out, that the wine was missing, by the Excise books.
Did he give you any other reason why he charged the prisoner?
He did not.
I keep a school: The prisoner is as honest a man as ever broke the world's bread.
As a school-master, do you confine your teaching to the week days only?
No.
You occasionally teach on a Sunday?
Yes.
You have no reason upon earth to be angry with Mr. Wigzell?
No.
Nor Mrs. Wigzell?
No.
You were never turned out of their house?
No.
Nor their cellar?
No.
Not by Mrs. Wigzell?
No.
Have you never been told not to shew your face there?
Not to my knowledge; I believe I can say upon my oath I never was; once Mrs. Wigzell flew in a passion when I was there, and desired me to go; I was then in the shop, where they wash the bottles, and I thought certainly Mrs. Wigzell was not in her senses.
For turning so good a man as you away?
Yes; I thought she had either drank a little, or something, I cannot tell what.
You have never been there again, I dare say?
Yes, I have.
What, without their knowledge?
I cannot say with, or without.
I am an Export officer of the Port of London; I have known the prisoner from ten to twelve years, he is a very honest man.
