I am the father of James Thomas.
Do you know any thing of the register of the first marriage of this woman at Bristol?
I do, (produces it;) I took it off the register-book of the parish of St. Michael, Bristol.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I do, I was present at her marriage with Joshua Ahier, at the parish church of St. Michael.
He is a cabinet-maker ?
He professes that business; I witnessed the marriage, it was in March, 1791; I was the man that gave her away.
Do you know any thing of Joshua Ahier ?
I saw him yesterday and to-day.
Has he been abroad?
I cannot tell whether he has been out of England or not.
Have you never heard that he has been abroad?
I never did; I always understood that he was in England, and not out of England.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
I do; I was present at her marriage, at St. Botolph's, Aldgate , November 20, 1798, to one James Thomas .
Do you know she was described when she was married?
As a widow; I gave her away.
You did not know the first husband?
I have seen her with a person of the name of Ahier, the latter end of 1791, or the beginning of 1792, I cannot say which.
Do you know what became of him after?
I heard that he was gone as a soldier, I did not know that he was abroad.
My first husband left me about eight years and a half ago; and unfortunately young Mr. Thomas happened to be going by my house; there was a lady in my parlour sitting with me; there was a gentleman with Mr. Thomas that knew the lady that was sitting with me; Mr. Thomas came into my parlour, and sat down, and when the gentleman went away, Mr. Thomas stopped; I asked him if he was not going with his friends, he said, he had something to say to me; that he had taken such a liking to me, that he could not be happy without he had me; I told him it was extraordinary what he should have to say to me, being a stranger to me, and I to him; I told him to consider, and to call upon me again the next evening; I told him I was a poor woman, and he was a gentleman, and that his friends might not approve of it; he said, he was not under the jurisdiction of his friends, he could earn a livelihood any where; I told him that I had been married, and that my husband was gone abroad, and I believed he was dead; he paid his addresses to me, several times, and at last he said, if I would not have him, he would not see the light of another day.
