Are you the clerk of Messrs. George Pengree and George Grenfell ?
Yes; they are copper-merchant s, in Upper Thames-street: On the 9th of January last I received information from William Aldridge , and I went with him to the prisoner's house, where I saw the prisoner binding up wood; he keeps a coal-shed and an old-iron shop; I told him I was informed by Aldridge, the soldier present, that he had received a piece of metal, that was stolen from our warehouse; he denied it; I said I was certain that he had it; he did not deny it a second time, but after hesitating about ten minutes, he removed the bench upon which he was making up the wood, and took up a trap door in the floor, and we all descended with him into the cellar, where there was a great deal of coals. On the coals there lay a bundle of new brooms; the prisoner took one of the brooms, and with the handle began to dig in the coals; after digging some time the handle of the broom broke against the metal.
Did you get any metal out?
I did at last, by the means of a shovel; it was buried about three feet deep.
When it was dug out did you know it?
I knew it to be the metal that was stolen from our warehouse, and I knew that we had that piece of metal in our warehouse that very day.
Upon this being dug out, and upon your knowing it again, what did the prisoner say?
He hoped that we would not take charge of him. We took both him and the metal.
This composition, which you call metal, is a mixture of copper and lead?
It is principally; it is called nail-metal, and is a composition well known by the trade; it is a pintal and brace for a rudder; we had two pintals for rudders in the warehouse at that time, both alike; we had them about a week.
You think the wicket was open; were the gates open or shut?
I rather think they were open; we have customers coming through them frequently at night.
Immediately you went to the house of the prisoner you charged him having received it of a person that stole it, and he did not believe you, and denied having received it of a person that had stolen it, but when you persisted in it he immediately descended down this trap door, as you call it, and got it for you. I suppose there was a promise that he should not be prosecuted if this was produced?
I certainly did make use of these words - that it would be the better for him if he gave it up.
And then, after you said it would be the better for him if he gave it up, and he having produced it, then your master entered this prosecution.
You say this was a coal-shed and an old-iron shop; was there any appearance of an old-iron shop?
Yes, there was some old iron in the window.
Was there any entrance into the cellar outside of the house?
Not that we could perceive.
What is the value of this piece of metal?
I think it is fifty-four pounds; it is worth a shilling a pound.
You are a private in the West London Militia?
Yes; on the evening of the 9th of January, I was in Upper Thames-street, with Richard Sibley my comrade; I was coming by the premises of Messrs. Pengree and Grenfell, I saw two soldiers run out of their yard, and one of them had this copper thing on his shoulder, he made a stumble, and the copper thing made a rattle, they brushed round the carts, or else I would have taken them; I followed them to a place where they sold it, up a paved court, the first turning from Bread-street, I took Mr. Garland to the place afterwards; they staid in the house about eight or ten minutes, and came out without the metal; then I went and informed the people who belonged to the metal, and left my comrade at the door to watch that the metal was not brought out of the house; when I came back I found my comrade, Sibley, still watching.
What passed when you went into the house?
The gentleman belonging to the metal promised the man that he would forgive him if he would bring the metal to light, and that it should be the better for him.
Did you hear what Mr. Garland said, when he first went in?
Yes; he challenged the man with having the metal, and he strictly denied it; when he promised him it would be better for him, then he lifted up the trap-door in the lower apartment, and we all went down with him; I saw the metal dug out of the coals.
Was there any appearance of old iron in the shop?
Yes; when I was in the shop it had the appearance of an old iron shop; and there were potatoes and greens, an old iron, in the window.
You are in the West London Militia?
Yes.
Were you and your comrade in Upper Thames-street on Monday the 9th of January?
Yes; and saw two men come out of Messrs. Pengree and Grenfell's yard, one had a red jacket on, and the other a blue one; I could not perceive whether they had got any thing with them because it was dark, we pursued them.
Did you hear anything make a noise?
No; they went up an alley to an iron-shop, where they sold coals; I was left there to watch the place.
Did you see any money paid?
I did not.
Did you hear the promise that was made if the brass was found, that he would forgive him?
I did.
I produce the piece of metal that was dug out of the coals.
Did you hear the offer that was made to him, that it would be the better for him if he produced it, and then he did produce it?
Yes, and I heard him deny it, and say that he had not got it.
