sworn. - I keep a chandler's shop in Portpool-lane : On the 15th of January last I went to Mr. Davis's, the tallow-chandler's; it was almost dark; I went out about half-past four and returned about a quarter before five; when I went out I locked the shop door, and I met the prisoner at the door; the shop door has two panes of glass, and the two other squares for glass has a piece of oil-cloth nailed over one, and the other a board; when I returned with the candles I unlocked the door and went in; I found my drawers were broke open in the back room; I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment; every thing was there when I went out, and the shawl I had worn not an hour before; I observed the piece of oil-cloth at the door was loose; it hung on one nail; I have seen the shawl since at Hatton-garden.
On the 15th of January I went to Mrs. Gordon's shop, and saw the prisoner there, about five in the evening; I saw the prisoner draw his arm out of the window, and he drew after him a white table-cloth or a sheet; he then came out, and I went forward to try the door, but could not get in, and I went to another shop; I saw him go up Sparrow's Rents, and put it in his pocket; when I returned, he came out again, and I asked him if any body was at home; he immediately replied, you d - d b - h, what do you want there; I left him there.
I was coming home one night at rather dusk; I was going to Mrs. Gordon's, on an errand; it was near five o'clock; the minute I came to the door the man pulled out a boy from the door; I made haste after him as fast as I could, but could not overtake him; I cannot swear to the boy or the man.
I am an Officer belonging to Hatton-garden: I acquainted Chapman that I had heard the goods of Mrs. Gordon were in Thomas Hall's house, Saffron-hill; he went there and found this shawl; he said he received it of Samuel Hall, a person that his wife washed for.
What relation is the prisoner to you?
None at all; I produce a shawl; Samuel Hall, the prisoner, gave it to me, for me to give to my wife to wash, on Wednesday night, the 16th of January, at Mr. Ette's, the Distiller's Arms.
I did give him the shawl for his wife to wash; I bought the shawl of a man at the corner of Chick-lane, one night; I gave fifteen pence for it.
