I am foreman to Mr. Brooke, a carpenter ; the workshop in Leather-lane was broke open, on the night of Friday the 24th of September; I left it about fix in the evening; I locked it up, and left the tools in the shop; I went again the next morning about six o'clock, and found the window taken out, and laid upon the roof of the adjoining building; I lost one plane, the prisoner lodged just opposite, he has lately come from sea; I afterwards saw it in the custody of Mr. Nash, the officer, it has my name stamped upon it.
I am a constable; I was sent for by Mrs. Frost, of George-alley, to take possession of the tools; I took then, and a person that was in the room, to Guildhall.
The prisoner brought home a great many tools in a basket; I lodge in the same house.
This is my plane.
Was it not a man of the name of Cohen, a Jew, that brought them in?
No, it was the prisoner.
Have you never said so?
I said, Cohen was in companny with him.
The prisoner was once a sweet-heart of your's?
No.
Has there been no dispute between you and him about another girl?
No.
Don't you know Cohen is a notorious thief?
I don't know any thing about that.
Do you recollect having been at the prisoner's father's house last Sunday week?
Yes.
Had you any conversation there about this business?
Yes.
Did you see a Mrs. Ratcliffe there, who had come from the country?
I don't know her name.
Did you not tell her it was Cohen that brought the things, and that you would not have sworn against the prisoner, had you not been induced to do so, by Mrs. Hunter?
I did not.
Did you not say, that what you said at Guildhall was false, and that you would unswear all you had sworn?
I did not.
What are you?
An unfortunate girl.
There are my planes.
This is my saw, I was not at work in the shop that day.
I saw that saw in particular, lying at the end of the bench, when I lest the shop.(Another pawnbroker produced two other saws, which were pledged by Hunter.)
I am innocent of the crime laid to my charge.
Are you a married woman?
Yes; my husband is principal clerk to Mr. Richardson, banker, at Derby, and has been a great many years, the prisoner is my brother; I saw Ann Baker at my father's house last Sunday was a week, with Mary Blower ; Mr. Blood and Mr. Dixon were there; I saw her take a glass of liquor, she burst out a crying, and said, Mr. Jennings, if ever I hurt your son, I wish this may turn to poison in my inside; she said, she believed him to be innocent, and was very sorry for what she had done, but she had done it at the instigation of Mr. Nash, the constable, and Mrs. Frost; she has said that more than once or twice upon my oath.
You are the prisoner's sister?
Yes.
What are you?
A china-painter; I saw Ann Baker take up a glass of liquor, she said, she wished it might turn to poison, if ever she hurt the prisoner; she said, she believed his innocence, and would not appear against him, and she said, if she was obliged to appear against him, she would answear what she had sworn; she said, she was sorry for it, but it was at the instigation of Mrs. Frost, and she mentioned Mr. Nash's name, and said, she would be out of they way.
