I am a woollen draper , I live in Cloth Fair , in the city of London.
Was the prisoner a servant of yours
Yes; seven years or better.
Had you any other servants employed in your shop besides the prisoner
Yes.
Did you at any time serve him with any drab brown cloth
No.
Had you a piece of drab brown cloth
Yes; I have got the piece now in court that it was cut off. I took stock in August, 1808.
Had you then a piece of drab brown cloth
Yes; called corbow mixture; it contained twenty three yards and three quarters. That was all that I had of that cloth at that time.
Do you know how much of that twenty-three yards and three quarters you have actually sold
Yes; the attorney has the document; it will appear by reference to the books.
Did you make the entry in that book
. I frequently enter things in this book.
My question is whether what is in that book are all your entries
Not all my entries.
You can only speak to those entries made by yourself.
Be so good as to turn to the 3d of October, 1808, and before you read it tell us whether it is your hand writing
. It is my hand writing. Two yards of corbow mixture, exactly that day.
Go on to the 13th of October
That I have not got in here, that is in the day book; this is in the cash book.
This is not the original book at all.
Go on to the 5th of November
. That is in my day book; there is no entry here. A yard and three quarters, corbow mixture, my own handwriting. 11th of April, one yard and three quarters; my own hand writing. A yard and three quarters makes a coat.
When was the prisoner apprehended
The 15 or 16th of April.
Did you examine the quantity of corbow cloth you had at that time
Yes; as soon as the piece of cloth was brought to me; I examined it.
What quantity of corbow cloth had you in your possession
I have left all things to my attorney.
Twelve yards and a half.
You are to swear for yourself, not by your attorney nor clerk
. I measured it; it measured twelve yards and a half; I found it a yard and a half too short.
Are you a married woman
No.
Where did you live in April last
I lived with my brother, No. 14, Old-street.
Did any person come to your brother's on the 15th of April
Yes; Mr. Howard came in; and Trott, the officer, came on that day in search of this Howard.
Did you take any thing from your apartment when Trott came
Yes. Trott was very violent when he came; he said he would break every door and every place open; I took a piece of cloth; I was afraid my brother would be a loser of it; I was fearful they would think it belonged to the man that had his house broken open; so I took it away in my fright, because they should not take it on suspicion.
Was your brother at home at this time
No; he was at Mr. Shepherd's. The prisoner is my brother. I took it to Mrs. Pitt's; she lives opposite of my lodgings. It was dark cloth; I do not know exactly the colour; there were two pieces of different colours.
At this time your brother was from home
. Yes; and the violence of the officer frightened me. When my brother came home I told him what I had done; he said I had done very wrong. The cloth had been there three months; it was laying open in my brother's drawer; my brother was very angry with me; he said nobody should have it if he had been at home.
I live at No. 4, Dolphin-court, Old-street.
On Saturday, the 15th of April, do you remember Ann Jay bringing any thing
Yes; an apron containing something; I did not know what it was at that time. I did not keep it half an hour; I delivered it to Mrs. Andrews, the prisoner's wife. I saw Mr. Trott enter Mr. Andrews' house, it frightened me very much; I immediately went over to Mrs. Andrews and begged her to take it away; she came and took it away. I opened the bundle before I delivered it her; there were two pieces of cloth; I cannot tell the colour; it was dark.
I am the wife of William Barber , grocer, 37, Cow-cross.
Do you remember on Saturday the 15th of April receiving from the prisoner's wife any thing
A bundle.
That bundle that was so left by the prisoner's wife with you, was it delivered to Trott the officer on Sunday morning
Yes; I never saw the contents of the bundle till Trott opened it in my shop; it contained two pieces of cloth, one was dark and the other was blue.
What colour was the other
I cannot say, my shop was in darkness.
On the 15th of April I went to the prisoner's lodgings, I did not go after him, I went after another person, whom I took in custody, on suspicion of house breaking, that was Howard; I did not find the prisoner there. I have two pieces of cloth; I found these on the Sunday at Mr. Barber's, Cow-cross; Mrs. Barber delivered them to me, in company with the prisoner's wife; she went with me to shew me where they where; she herself asked Mrs. Barber for the piece of blue cloth; she said nothing about the brown cloth. I saw the prisoner on the Sunday before I found the cloth; I told him that I had a suspicion that it was some cloth that Howard had stole; Andrews said no, it was not, it was some cloth that he had purchased to Mr. Shephard his master; he did not say when, he said it was regular entered in the book; whether he said it was entered, or that he had entered it, I am not certain. There was enquiry made in the course of the day after Andrews. I took him in custody about ten o'clock at night; the prisoner declared solemnly, that it had been Mr. Shephard's cloth, it was his property that he had bought for a relation in Cow-cross.
When you come here to speak, you are not to keep any thing - do not you know that Howard was discharged
. Yes.
And with respect to the cloth that you speak of, he told you it was somewhere in Cow-cross
Yes.
The conduct of this young man was perfectly open as an honest man ought to have been
Certainly.
Are you a servant of Mr. Shephard's
Yes.
Have you got the cash-book here, turn to the date of the 13th of October
The day book, that entry is my hand writing, 13th of October, one yard and three quarters of superfine mixed cloth.
What colour
. It does not say what colour here, by the 31, 162 I know what cloth it is; it refers to a superfine corbow mixed cloth; we had no other mixed cloth of that number; November 5th, 31, 162, one yard and three quarters superfine mixed cloth.
Have you any means of knowing what quantity was sold in the whole of that mixture
. After taking the stock in August 1808, the whole quantity sold was nine yards and a half.
When was the prisoner apprehended
The 16th of April.
Did you after he was apprehended, examine what quantity of corbow cloth remained in your shop
Yes, there remained twelve yards and a half.
There would be a deficiency then of one yard and three quarters
Yes; I examined the books all the way from the taking of the stock, to the 16th of April, there are no other entries than those I have read; I have two books, when it is ready money, it goes into the cash-book, and when on sale, it is in the day book.
Then it appears that the quantity found upon the prisoner being apprehended, there was a deficiency of one yard and three quarters
Yes.
Have you examined that brown cloth to know whether it is Mr. Shephard's
I believe it is the same that I have here, and cut from the twelve yards and a half; I have compared them, and I believe it to be the same; one yard and three quarters is enough for the cut of all our coats.
That is a secret that our taylors do not let us into; you had another corbow mixture, had not you
. There might be.
Was there or was there not
. I am not in the shop altogether, I am clerk.
You are in the shop in part, do not you know that there was another corbow mixture
. I do not know whether there was or there was not.
How many cuts of cloth were in your warehouse took off in the course of a day
Ten or twenty.
Had you not an hundred
Not so many as that.
Had not you fifty or sixty
I do not know there were a great many.
In the course of business where money is received, it goes into the cash-book; where money is not received, where the creditor is to debitted, as for instance, suppose I was to go into your shop for one yard and three quarters of the corbow mixture, you put down 31, 162, one yard and three quarters without any name
Then the course is to make an entry on the slate; No. 31, 162, one yard and three quarters, one pound sixteen shillings and nine-pence.
And that you or the other clerk is to enter in the book, so that whether your entry is correct in the book; that depends with the shopman who enters it on the slate; so that whether either of you should alter or drop a figure, that remains with one of you, or whether you should be asleep or awake when you make the entry, and in spite of all your care a mistake will arise
Where there is a quantity it may arise, and when we are in a great hurry, we might make a mistake.
And whether you were in a hurry that day the entry was made, you do not know how many persons make the entry in the book
Only me and Mr. Shephard makes the entry in the book.
How many persons serve in the shop, and enters on the slate
My master and Mr. Andrews; I have sometimes in a hurry, and sometimes other persons make the entry.
So if I was Mr. Andrews, I might serve in the shop; I might call 31, 162, and another put it down, therefore whether there be or be not a deficiency of a yard and three quarters, it depends upon the accuracy of the person that makes the entry, if there has been an error in any one number, there may not be that deficiency
Yes.
The crime that I am now charged with I am innocent of; Mr. Shephard took me up on Sunday; I had not the opportunity of going to satisfy my master that I had bought that piece of cloth.
