Have you a copy of the record of the former conviction of the prisoner?
I have, which I copied and examined.
You are deputy-keeper of the New Prison, Clerkenwell?
Yes; I know the prisoner, and am sure he is the person who is named in that record.
Where do you live?
At No. 5, Chapel-street, Whitechapel; my husband's name is James Arnott; he sells milk, and I sell leg of beef: On the 2d of March, the prisoner came into our house, between twelve and one, and asked if I sold cheese; I said no, but I had some hot leg of beef; he asked me for two-pennyworth, and a pennyworth of bread; he laid down a shilling, which my little girl, about eleven years old, took up and bit with her teeth, and said it was a good one; I went into the other room, where I had eighteen-pence in half-pence, and gave the prisoner nine-pence; I turned my head round, and saw several people at the door; I went out to the door, and Mr. Staggs told me I had taken a bad shilling; I told him I did not think it was a bad one; I had put it along with other silver, and could not find it; that I had taken it for a good one, and as such I must try to pass it; when I went into the other from, the shilling lay along with the halfpence, on the drawers; no other shilling was there; I gave it to Mr. Stagg, and he stamped it; this is the shilling (looking at one) ; here is the mark of my girl's teeth; the prisoner set eating his dinner, and I said, master, people say you have given me a bad shilling; upon which he got up immediately, and left his leg of beef and bread on the table; as he went out, Mr. Stagg secured him; he had not eat all his beef; Mr. Stagg asked him for his bad money; he said he had no bad money, but produced some shillings that were good; how many I cannot say; Stagg said he did not want the good money, but the bad; then the prisoner put his hand into his coat-pocket, and produced nine bad ones; they then took him to a public-house; I examined the shilling when he gave it me first.
Where do you live?
No. 30, New Montague-street, Spital-fields.
What is your business?
I am a cordwainer, and keep a chandler's shop: On the 2d of March, the prisoner came in for some bread; whilst I was getting it, my wife looked up, and said, William, look at that man's money; that is the man that gave us the bad shilling this day week; the prisoner heard her; the shilling then on the counter proved to be a bad one; and I told him, you villain, are you not ashamed to come a second time with bad money to my shop; he took the shilling and went out, swearing it was a good one; I followed him to a butter-shop, opposite Trueman's brewhouse, where he tendered the shilling, which was refused; I then followed him to a butcher's-shop, where he tendered the shilling for some steaks, and it was refused; I followed him to Church-street, Mile-end New Town, where he went in for a red-herring; there the shilling was refused; and he then went into Mrs. Arnott's shop for leg of beef; I saw him tender the shilling, and saw her give him the change; whilst he was eating the beef, I beckoned Mrs. Arnott out, to come to the door, and said, I doubt you have taken a bad shilling; she said, why do you think so; I said, I think he is one of the people they call smashers, a name they give the people that put bad money off; says I, take care of the shilling, and, as soon as he comes out, I will take him into custody; when he came out, I collared him, and said, you villain, give me what bad money you have about you; he said he had none; he put his hand into his waistcoat pocket, and gave me eight good shillings; I told him I did not want his good shillings, but his bad ones; he then put his hand into his jacket-pocket, and gave me eight bad ones; I said, you have more; says he, I have not; said I, come along with me, and I took him to the public-house and sent for an officer; on searching him we found one more, which I have, and it is marked separately from the first eight.
I marked this shilling, which I know to be the same.
I am one of the moniers of the Mint; these nine shillings are bad.
My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury; I am a poor working man; I went into that woman's shop, and gave her a shilling to take for the beef and pennyworth of bread; she and her daughter both acknowledged it to be a good shilling; when the man asked her to produce the shilling, she said she could not; how is it possible she could swear to a shilling she had put among forty more; when I came out the man stopped me, and I gave him eighteen shillings; another man said, mind what you are about; then I was taken to a public-house, where I was detained a full hour, till such time as the woman thought proper to send a shilling; she gave it to a man at her own door, who handed it over to another, to bring it to the public-house; and, after all, she had the baseness to swear to a shilling, and that I was never out of her sight the whole time.
