I am foreman to Messrs. Perry and Wells (proves the firm); the prisoner was a watchman belonging to the dockyard at Blackwall: On the 16th of November the prisoner's watch-box was opened by a person of the name of Moore; I saw a great deal of copper, to the\\ amountof ten new sheets, and a parcel of nails, iron, and copper together.
Do you know to whom it belongs?
It certainly belongs to the firm; we had been using that sort of copper.
Examined by Mr. Reynolds. I am a labourer in the yard: On the 16th of this month I went with the last witness to the prisoner's box; I had the key delivered to me by a person of the name of Hawkins, who found the property there.
I delivered the key to the last witness; I received it from Mrs. Freeman.
You delivered the same key to Moore?
Yes.
Examined by Mr. Reynolds. Yesterday fortnight I went to the Police Office, where the prisoner was in custody; I saw him, and he delivered to me a key, which he desired me to give to Hawkins to give to Moore, to give to the foreman of the yard for the watch-coats; I gave it to Hawkins.
(To Garrett.) Were their great coats in the boxes?
Yes.
I am an officer (produces the copper and nails) they were delivered to me on the 27th of this month by Garrett.
This is the copper I found in the watch-box.
Had any body access to that box but the prisoner?
I should think not; he had the key.
I am clerk to Messrs. Murray: these sheets of copper are marked in going through the roller; it is a private mark: I can swear to its being Messrs. Perry's property; we had just got the copper in; I received the copper the day before, and gave a receipt for it; there was a ship to be cleared at that time; the watch-box was two hundred yards or better from the ship; the copper was along-side the ship, on the dock.
You were a watchman on the Saturday night?
No, I was seeing the men go on; I am the Sunday watchman in the yard; the prisoner was a watchman on Saturday night; I saw him go upon duty.
I apprehended the prisoner about a quarter past six o'clock on the Sunday morning; he was taken to the Police Office, and detained for a misdemeanor till the Wednesday.
How near the premises did you stop him?
Within 20 yards of one part of the premises.
From the Sunday to the Wednesday had any body access to this watch-box?
I believe not; nobody had any business there.
I found it honest and just, and put it there for safety till Monday morning.
