I am an officer belonging to Worship street office. On the 18th of this month, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was in the Commercial Road; I saw the prisoner with a knot on his head, with a cask and a sack upon the knot; he was leaning back; resting it on the rail that parts the road from the field; I asked him what he had got there carrying; he said painter's oil, you may see by my coat that I am a painter; he said he brought it from an oil shop farther down the road, and he was going to carry it to his master, a painter, in the Borough; I asked him if he had brought an order from his master for it, or whether he had a bill of parcels; he said, neither; I told him he must go with me to the next public house, which was the half way house, that I might see what it was; we took him in there, took it off his head and set it on the floor; it began to work; Barnard Gleed was with me, and two more. I told him it was beer, not oil; he said then it was ale, he got it from a brewhouse farther down; he had it from a man in the brewhouse yard, that wore a dark coat and a white apron, but he did not know his name; I asked him if he had paid for it; he said no; he was to pay a pound note for it; and he had some once or twice before; he paid for it all at once when it suited him; sometimes in a week or a fortnight afterward. We saw Mr. Whiffing's name on the cask, and on the sack; we sent down to the brewhouse. Since then I have been sent down to take charge of Mr. Whiffing's man; the prisoner's brother worked for Mr. Whiffing; he acknowledged to me that he had taken it for his child's christening; on the Saturday following he was going to have his child christened at St. George's church. Mr. Whiffing promised to forgive the man if he would tell the magistrate; the magistrate thought it not right, and sent him here. The prisoner said afterwards he found it outside of the brewhouse wall.
You was with your partner, were you
Yes.
You have heard the account he has given
Yes.
And that account is true
It is. The cask is here.
I have told Mr. Whiffing the whole truth.
