Where do you live?
At No. 1, Hull's-place, Brick-lane, Old-street , next door to the deceased: I heard the prisoner, her husband, come home, about half past eleven o'clock, in the morning of the 31st of July.
Relate what you heard?
she was washing some small things for her family; you are d-d busy you bl-d b-h, were the first words I heard; she said, there are two nice cauliflowers, my dear, shall I boil them for dinner; he made answer, what do you think, you bl-d whore; upon which a violent noise ensued of blows, I heard no one scream out but the eldest daughter, who cried out you have killed her, you have killed her; I thought she meant the second daughter, because he has vowed he would take her life; I was frightened, went down stairs, and found it was his wife, when I saw the blood on her face, and that it had flew as far as the step outside the door; the prisoner was in the house, and said he would have dinner dressed by twelve o'clock, he repeated it I don't know how many times; and she said I will.
Was this after the blow?
Yes; he then went away, and came back exactly at twelve o'clock; I durst not go in while he was gone fearing he should come, but I talked to her through the window; when he returned, he swore he would cut her bl-y liver and tongue out, and would not rest till he had murdered her and the children. I met her father, and told him not to go in, for that the prisoner would kill him, as he had often threatened. I saw the deceased afterwards brought out like a dead woman, immediately as her father and others went in; she could not speak or do any thing, her face was so dreadfully cut; she was held up in a chair, and some time after she came to herself, and said she had got her death blow from her husband: her nose was driven on one side upon her face by a blow.
From all that you had an opportunity of observing, and from what she said, did she consider herself in a dying state?
Yes; from the 31st of July, she always said she should die, for that she had received her death blow.
Did you see her often?
Every day, and many times in the day: this was the way she stood,(putting her hands on the left side and stomach), she said, I am so hurt, and crushed inside, that I cannot live, he kicked me for with his shoe; that he stamped on her stomach in the passage, on the 31st of July, and knocked her down on this candlestick (producing a flat japanned candlestick) which broke under her body in the fall, and run up her private parts.
Do you recollect whether she said any thing else?
No; she always said she should not live; that is all I particularly recollect.
You are the father of this unfortunate woman?
I am.
Did you see her on the 2d of August?
Yes; I had been to market, and was going to call on my daughter to leave her what little portion I could afford, and when I got within ten yards of the door, somebody said, run, run, for the villain is murdering your daughter; I went in, in a great hurry, and saw her on the floor, and he laying down on her.
Was any body in the house beside?
There was one of the children, the other run out for a constable; Mary-Ann was in the room, who is near twelve years of age. I cannot tell whether the prisoner knelt on the floor or on his wife, but I pulled him up with all my strength.
Was she able to stir, or call out?
I cannot tell for my confusion; I pulled her up in a hurry into the passage, some men pulled him from her; I took her in my arms, and she dropped down on the floor like a log of wood.
After you got him from her, did you see him do any thing to her?
He punched at her with his foot and knee, as they dragged him from her.
Could you see what part of her body he punched?
No, I was in too much confusion; in about ten or fifteen minutes she came to herself.
Did you say any thing to him about it?
I said he had finished the job he had often promised to do; and he said, I'll finish your job too; I have heard him say many times, he never would rest satisfied till he had murdered her and me too.
Was that what you meant, when you said, now you have finished the job you have often promised to do?
Yes; and he said he would finish me too.
Was it in the fight of your daughter that he said it?
Yes; but she was insensible. They had him out at the door, and it was all confusion.
Did you see your daughter from time to time after this?
Yes; every day till the day she died.
Do you believe she thought herself a dying woman?
Most certainly she did; when they took her out of the room into the street, there was a mob of about fifty people; she was like a corpse for some time. The prisoner came back again (for they had let him go), he came back again in half an hour; and when the alarm was made that he was coming, I was ready to lay hold of him; he came in, and said, he would have my heart's blood, in the hearing of Mrs. Myers, upon which I collared him, and threw him down.
Did your daughter say any thing respecting what she imagined would be the consequence of the blows she had received?
She said all along she was killed; but she wished me to get him liberated to save my life, which I did. She died on the 17th of August; on the 15th I went to see her, when she said - Oh father, why did you not come yesterday, for I have got my death blow, the villain has been and executed his work; I have prayed for death many times under my calamities, and should have died in peace then, but I can never die in peace now, since I have prevailed on you to liberate that villain. - She then put her hand on her stomach, and said, he had been on Saturday night, and finished the job. The night before he was liberated he swore he would not go near her, but he went on the Saturday night.
After I was liberated, did I not send home a pound note, and some oysters, to my wife?
You promised, if you were liberated, to send a two pound note; you wrote her a letter, saying, if she would endeavour to liberate you, you would send her a two pound note, and would not come near her; and if she did not chuse to consent to that, you had plenty of people to bail you.
I sent my daughter back to know if my wife would have a glass of wine, she said she should like a glass of Lisbon; I sent for a bottle, and went home and kissed my wife, and took leave of her, as I was going away.
Did he send her wine, and call upon her afterwards and kiss her?
He sent a twenty shilling note, and promised not to come there at all.
I live at the corner of Hull's-place: On the 2d of August I heard a great noise, between one and two o'clock; I went down the place, and saw the deceased sitting in a chair opposite her house, and a vast number of people round about; she was leaning on her eldest daughter's shoulder, not being able to support herself; her daughter said to her, here is Mrs. Graham; upon which she looked upon me with a very deadly look, took me by the hand, and said, - Oh Mrs. Graham, Mrs. Graham, fourteen years, more or less, I have borne this usage, but he has now given me my death blow; could you see from my anklebone to my private parts, your heart would bleed for me. - I bid her cheer up, and said she would get better; she said, no, never.
Did she say any thing about her nose?
I saw the bridge of her nose flatted to her face, and a woeful black eye on the right-side. I asked her if she would take any kind of refreshment; she said, her inside was so bad with his kicks and bruises that she could not; she said, he had kicked her so much about the kidnies, that she rather thought they had departed from their places, by the feel she had; she said he had many times threatened, but now he had finished the job, and given her a death blow.
Did you see her from day to day afterwards?
No, not till the day she died; about half an hour after.
Did you examine her body?
Yes; I was the only person who proposed it.
Was the surgeon there?
No; I went to see her, and seeing the black eye still remain it hurt me; I returned home, and after weeping a little, I went back, and pulled the sheet down that covered the body: the first thing I saw was the black eye, and the nose in the same fituation I saw it the first day; and her body was just as she described it, for from her ankle-bone to her privates, was as black as my cloak; and the right-side of her privates was very much swelled, just as she had described.
Were you able to judge from whence it arose?
Apparently by a kick; On the right-side of her bottom was the mark of another kick apparently; there were little marks about her stomach, chest, and sides, but they were small marks.
How long had you know her?
Ever since she had lived in the neighbourhood; about twelve months.
Had you been in the habit of seeing them together?
No, never; she was a very close woman, and very careful of being at home with her family.
Do you live near the prisoner's house?
I did, within about thirty yards; I heard the cry of murder, very loud; in consequence of which, I run; the door was half open, I pushed it back, and saw the prisoner seize the woman in a very savage manner; she was leaning and supporting herself against the wall, and he grasped her as though he would murder her. I took hold of him, and the old gentleman and others assisting, we forced him out of the place.
Did you see him do any thing else?
I did not.
What age you?
I shall be twelve the 5th of October.
Do you go to church?
Yes.
Do you know whether it is a good or a bad thing to tell a lie?
It is a very bad thing.
What would happen to you if you should swear that which is false?
I should be pillored in this life, and go to the devil in the next world.
Were you at home when your father came home with the meat?
Yes; I ran out of the house into the garden when he came in, because he had threatened to murder me if I was in the house; I stood at the window, and heard my mother ask him if she should dress the dinner; he swore, and got up and knocked her down by a violent blow, which broke her nose; when he saw me he came out, and I run down to a neighbour's house; I heard a scream presently, and I ran for a constable; when I came back, my mother was laying on the floor, and my father was kneeling upon her; he had got hold of an iron pot, that was on the fire, with one hand, and held her by the throat with the other, and had his knee upon her right breast, he holding her so tight by the throat as to throw her into convulsions; my eldest sister had run to the top of the street screaming out, and my grand-father was coming down, the people desiring him to run as fast as he could, for my father was murdering my mother; he run in and pulled my father off; several more followed, and my grand-father pulled my mother up, and she fell out of his arms; she came a little to herself some time after. My father went away but returned again, and took hold of my grand-father, saying, I'll have your heart's blood before I sleep; when the neighbours came in a second time, and took him off, as my grand-father had collared him to prevent his getting a knife; and the neighbours went to get a warrant for him.
Mary-Ann, my dear, did you see me strike your mother when I came home with a neck of mutton?
Yes; I saw you knock her down.
No, you did not?
The wound was on her face; you did do it, certainly, and its no use to deny it.
Were you at home when your father returned on the 2d of August?
Yes; he brought a part of a neck of mutton, and gave my mother half-a-guinea; she stood by the side of the table, and he knocked her down, and broke her nose.
Before he knocked her down, did he say any thing?
He ordered his dinner ready by twelve o'clock; she said there was not time to do it, but she would do her endeavours.
Had she said any thing more to him than that?
No; then he knocked her down with his fist, and broke her nose; I raised her from the ground, and then he knocked her down by a blow in the stomach; I ran out, and when I came back my grandfather was coming in, and I went with him.
Emma, did you see me knock your mother down?
Yes; I saw you knock her down twice.
I live next door to the prisoner: I have heard him beat his wife, and threaten to murder her, several times. He was taken up on the 2d of August, and afterwards liberated.
Did you see him near his wife the day he was discharged?
Yes; I saw him go by about five o'clock; he stopped some little time in the house, and then went away to the country. He came again on the Saturday before the Wednesday when she died, about six o'clock, when he returned from the country, and brought somebody with him. I heard some high words, and him threatening her, but I cannot say he struck her; I heard him use very abusive words and d-g and swearing.
What age are you?
Twenty.
Are you a pupil of Mr. Cline?
Yes.
Were you sent for to examine the body of the deceased?
Yes; on the Friday after the Wednesday on which she died.
What was the external appearance of the body?
It was in some part bruised, particularly in the face, and a slight bruise under the arm.
Was it a violent bruise on the face?
It appeared to be very violent.
Did you examine the bridge of the nose?
No, not particularly.
Did it appear to be broke?
It appeared to be bruised, but I did not examine it, I did not take it to be broke; there was flight bruise under the left-arm, which appeared to have been there some time, and was dying away.
Did you see how the state of the body was from the ankle to the groin?
I did not examine the lower extremities at all.
Did you open and examine the chest?
Yes; the intestines appeared to be perfectly found.
Did you examine the kidnies?
No.
Or the spleen?
The spleen was found.
How did you find the inside of the chest?
In a very diseased state.
How was the membrane that lines the inside of the chest?
In a very inflamed state, and the lungs adhering to it.
To what might the inflammation of the membrane of the chest be attributed?
It might be attributed to external violence, or cold will bring it on.
Were the lungs diseased?
They were very much ulcerated.
That was a disorder, perhaps, independent of violence?
Yes; and had existed for some time.
What was the state of the heart?
Very diseased, both in its external appearance, and internal structure.
Was it enlarged?
Yes, very much.
Would external violence produce that effect?
The appearance might, but the size would not be encreased to the extent that was.
Might it have been aggravated by external violence and alarm, in consequence of that violance?
Yes.
Would the alarm a person might undergo, on being attacked by a person stronger than themselves, occasion an aggravation of those symptoms?
Yes.
To what do you attribute the death of the de ceased?
The immediate cause of her death, I attribute to the disease of the lungs; but I think it was accelerated by the ill usage, I hear, her husband had given her.
Do you believe the deceased would have met her death so early, were it not from the violence used, attributed to her husband?
No.
Did you know the deceased?
I saw her once before, as I was accidentally passing.
Do you know whether she had any ailment of any kind?
Only from what I heard, that she had an asthma, and I could see that was the immediate cause of her death.
Would an asthma give that appearance to the lungs in the state you found them?
Yes.
Would an asthma have any effect on the enlargement of the heart?
No, I don't apprehend it would.
Did you see, from your inspection of the body, any particular blow that you suppose accelerated the death?
No; what bruises there were, appeared to be dying away.
You cannot six on any particular blow, or bruise, that you apprehend was the cause of her death?
No, I cannot.
Do you practice physic and surgery on your own account?
Yes, and have for near eight years.
You have heard the description of the appearance of the unfortunate woman's lungs, and the injuries she received?
Yes.
Do you think the appearance of the lungs, which has been described, might be produced by external violence?
Yes; the time the blows stated to be given, being the 2d of August, and the death of the woman happening fifteen days afterwards, is about the period that the termination of inflammation would happen, arising from external bruises, and would be supposed to produce death. When a person does not die during the inflammatory state, there happens, what is called, suppuration, which, by producing so great an injury to the lungs incompatible with life, of course terminates fatally. When inflammation does not produce death during the inflammatory state, the disease will go on to suppuration, and the state of the lungs then can hardly be distinguished from the state of the lunges of a person who died of an asthma; with regard to the enlargement of the heart, I have opened the bodies of persons who have died of other diseases, and have found some very much enlarged, and some diminished, where persons have never complained of desection in the part.
Supposing the lungs had been in a reduced state previous to external violence, would not that external violence expedite the death?
Most assuredly; but admitting the person to labour under an asthma, the very alarm would accelerate the death; and I don't know whether without any external violence at all, it might not accelerate the death.
From what you have heard, can it be distinctly said, the state of the lungs did not proceed from the symptoms of the disease, or that it necessarily proceeded from the violence?
I cannot say that; I can only say, whatever might be the state of the lungs, death must have been accelerated.
Are you an apothecary?
I am.
Did you see the deceased?
Yes; I don't remember the day, but I think it was the day after she received the ill-usage; my house is about a quarter of a mile from her's; she came in with her father, and desired to be let blood; she complained of a pain in the chest.
Did you examine her person at all?
I did not; I felt her pulse, and told her she seemed low and week, and desired my man to take away a small quantity of blood; I saw her once after, and my man saw her twice, but he is not here; when I saw her the second time, she was sitting upon a sofa, or chair, and appeared weak; she said her husband had ill-treated her, and that he had frequently done the same.
Did any medical man attend her?
Her father came down to us the day before she died, and my young man went to her; he said that she was very bad, and frequently expectorated that day, but next day it stopped, and she died.
Did you see your daughter frequently before this happened?
Yes.
Had she been at any time ill, or did she complain of any disorder?
No.
Had she any thing asthmatical about her?
When she had a cold - may be once or twice a year she might have a cold, but she was quite a hearty chearful woman.
Were you in the habit of knowing the deceased?
Yes.
Do you know whether she was complaining, or not, before this happened?
No, I never heard her; and, in short, she could work faster than I could, and she was obliged to wash every day, or every other day, for her children and herself, to keep neat and clean; she was a very bustling woman; in short, I never heard her cough till after the blows.
