Where do you live?
In Princes-street, Westminster, near Storey's gate .
What business are you?
A vinter .
Did the prisoner lodge with you?
Yes.
For what time?
Between three and four months.
Did he lodge with you on the 9th of February?
No, he did not.
When did he quit his lodging?
He did not quit it at all: On Friday, the 5th, I went up stairs into my club-room, and found him sitting there with the door shut; I asked him what business he had there, that was not his place, that his place was up stairs, in his own apartment, in the room where he lodged; he was counting some half-pence and penny-pieces, but what quantity I don't know, or whose they were I don't know; he went up to his own room, and I imagine he staid there a quarter of an hour, when he came into the taproom, and went out, and I never saw him till he was apprehended for the robbery.
What day did you apprehend him?
The 9th, the Tuesday morning; when I came down stairs at seven o'clock that morning to open my house, I went to open the back window, and found some papers lying on the ground that had not a right to be there; I then looked into a cupboard where there was a bag with between thirty and forty pounds.
In what room was it you saw the papers on the ground?
In the bar; I observed the cupboard forced open by the tongs, which lay on the floor, much bent, and a broken knife.
Was it from the appearance of the tongs that you judged they had been used?
They lay on the floor, and there was a broken knife and another knife lying altogether.
How did you observe the cupboard to the broke open?
Forced open at the bottom.
What did you miss?
I missed the bag, which was of old canvas, in which the property was put the night before.
Had you seen it?
I had given change the night before; I put it in, and locked it up, and had the keys in my pocket the night before.
What did you put into it?
I cannot swear to a guinea or two; there were bank-notes of one or two pounds, half-guineas, seven-shilling pieces, guineas, half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences; I cannot describe them particularly, but altogether to the\\ amountof thirty pounds.
Was the bag left or taken away?
They were all taken.
What did you do then?
I looked at the back part of the bar, and found a pane of glass broke, where the prisoner had entered into the bar; the leaden casement window was unbolted, and opened.
Suppose the casement open, was there room for a man to get in?
Plenty of room; I went up to my wife, and told her, and in the course of the morning I went up to the office, and inquired of the officers; they came with me, and saw the situation of the place; they then went to apprehend the prisoner; we found him at the Marquis of Granby, in the Almonry, Westminster.
When did you find him there?
About the hour of twelve o'clock, it might be a quarter or twenty minutes after; I cannot say to five minutes.
Were you present when he was searched?
Yes.
What did you find?
There were two half-guineas, two seven-shilling pieces, two half-crowns, five shillings, seven six-pences, three pennyworth of halfpence, a silver watch, and the canvas bag, which I have sworn to.
Were there any bank-notes?
There were three two-pound notes, a one-pound note, and six guineas, lodged in the hands of the landlady of the house where he was drinking; she delivered them up to the officer.
You cannot swear to any of the money?
I cannot say; I can only speak to the crooked half-guinea, I think I can swear to that.
What time did you go to bed?
At twelve o'clock; I was up last.
Was all fastened?
Yes, it was all fastened; and, when I went to bed, the pane of glass was safe, the window bolted, and the cupboard locked up, with the keys in my pocket.
Do you know any thing about the robbery?
I know the bag was my property before I was married.
How do you know it to be your bag?
Because I cut the bottom out, turned it up, and darned it with red thread.
Have you got the canvas bag?
Yes. (Produces it.)
Where did you get it?
I found it in the jacket pocket that he wore under his great-coat.
What else?
Two half-guineas, two seven-shilling-pieces, two half-crowns, five shillings, seven sixpences, and three-pence-halfpenny in copper, a silver watch in his sob-pocket, but the bag was in his jacket-pocket.
(To Mrs. James) Look at that bag?
I mended it myself, and darned it with red thread.
Is that the bag you put the money in the night before?
Yes.
(To Bly.) Tell us what you know more?
After I took the prisoner into custody, the landlady said, she wanted to speak to me, upon which she put in my possession three two pound notes, a one pound note and six guineas, which she said she had from the prisoner.
Where do you live?
At the Marquis of Granby, in the Almonry, at Westminster.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
He came to my house at nine o'clock in the morning of the 9th.
Did you know him before?
He had been several times there.
How far is that from his own lodgings?
A little way, a street or two off.
What did he come to you for?
He came and asked me to let him have some tea, which I did; after that, he followed me to the bar, and put his hand to his right-hand pocket, and said, take care of these for me.
What did he take out of his pocket?
Three two pound notes, a one pound note, and six guineas in gold.
Is he a private?
I don't know, I only know him by his coming once or twice.
Is he a serjeant, or a corporal?
I don't know.
He is a private in the 3d Regiment.
(To Ward.) Did you take those things from him?
Yes; he gave them to me; I counted them, and kept them; when they took him up, I gave them to the constable, as I supposed he did not come honestly by them.
What are you?
I am shopman to Mr. Wright, a pawnbroker, in the Almonry.
Do you know the prisoner?
I remember his purchasing this watch of me on the morning of the robbery.
Did you take sufficient notice of him to recollect him again?
I only swear to his voice; I cannot swear to his person.
You do not mean to swear positively because you recollect his voice?
No, I do not mean to do that.
What did he come to you for?
To purchase a watch.
When did he come to you?
On Tuesday morning the 9th.
At what time?
Rather before nine.
(To Ward.) Did he give you the watch?
No; when he came, there was a quarrel, and he gave me the bag and all to take care of, as he was going to fight, but in a very few minutes he asked me to give him the bag again.
Did you see the watch at that time?
Yes; he said he gave three pounds for it that morning; it was silver watch with a steel chain.
You did not take so much notice of it as to know it again?
No; he only pulled it out, and said he had given three pounds for it at Mr. Wright's; the one pound note, the three two pound notes, and the six guineas, I wrapped up directly and put in a bag with my own money, but so that it should not mix.
What was in the bag?
I did not examine his bag; I don't know what was in it.
(To Bramble.) Did you sell him a watch?
Yes.
What did he give for it?
Three single pound notes.
What are you?
I am in the third regiment.
Do you know the prisoner Richardson?
Yes.
Is he in your company?
Yes.
What have you to say?
I have nothing to say against him at all in the least; I saw no more harm than I was drinking with him on the Monday night the 8th.
The night before the robbery?
Yes.
Where did you drink together?
The first place I lit on him was, at the Marquis of Granby.
What time did you stay?
Till about six o'clock.
Where did you go then?
After that we went to the Wheatsheaf, in New Tothill-street.
How long did you stay there?
I suppose till near ten at night.
Where then?
From there we came back to the Marquis of Granby again.
How late did you stay there?
We stopped there till near twelve o'clock, from there the prisoner asked us to go with him for a shirt to the girl that washed for him.
Who was with you?
James Barlow, and the prisoner.
Did you go with them?
Yes, we did.
What time was that?
That was when we left the Marquis of Granby, not above twenty or thirty yards; he went up stairs, and we stopped at the door; from there we went to a house, I don't know the sign; we drank there till two or three o'clock in the morning.
Was he very drunk?
I cannot say what he was, I had been drinking all that time.
Did he treat you with any of the liquor?
No, he did not.
Do you happen to know whether he had any money?
I don't know, any more than he paid his reckoning.
What is the usual day for receiving your pay?
On Saturday I drew his pay myself for doing his duty.
How much was it?
Four shillings and nine-pence; I had three and sixpence to take out of it, and the remainder I did not give to him, we all paid our own shot.
What are you?
I am an officer: The landlord came and begged Bailey and me to go and apprehend some people, on the Tuesday morning about twelve o'clock.
Was the prisoner drunk or sober?
He appeared to be drunk; we took him into the little parlour and searched him, and took the property from him.
(To James.) How was the window fastened?
It was fastened when I went to bed.
How high was it from the ground?
Four or five feet, I cannot say exactly, because I never measured it.
Could any person who was drunk have got in there?
Yes; because there is a small ledge under the window, and feats round the bar, where we usually sit.
How can a man get up four or five feet into this window who is drunk?
There is a ledge, and some tiles under the window.
Then you suppose, that by stepping on those tiles, a man might get into the window?
Yes.
I beg to have the watch, and my own property; the purse I found at the end of Great Tothil-street.
When I asked the prisoner how he came by the purse, he said he had had it above two years; I asked him when I searched him, and on the examination he was still in the same story.
