I live at No. 8, Bembridge street, St. Giles's . On the night of the 5th of February my two shutters were forced out, and two squares of glass were cut across; I was disturbed by the watchman, I got up.
What room was the glass broke.
Of the shop window; when he alarmed me I come out in my shirt just as I was, and my slippers, the watchman gave me a light, I found the things gone.
What was there gone.
I keep a provision warehouse, I sell all manner of salt provision, butter, cheese, potatoes, it is a poor neighbourhood; when the watchman had alarmed me, he sprang his rattle, and there was one of the party taken with some of the property on him, his name was Thomas Taylor , he was here three sessions ago, he has been tried and convicted; he had some of the property found on him, one of the pigs' jaws.
I what to know what circumstance you have to bring it home to the prisoner at the bar; there is no circumstance that you can prove against the prisoner at the bar from your own knowledge.
No.
Then all the evidence that you have is by means of the accomplice.
I know no more than in Mr. Townsend's lodgings part of the property has been found.
Whether they are your property that you do not mean to say.
No, far be that from me.
You do not know they are your property.
No, I have not seen one of them after they were found.
Was there a word said about their being found in his lodging in the last trial.
I believe not, you will not hear a wrong word of me.
I am an officer of Bow-street. On the 6th of February I received information from Christopher Jones and Michael Layha ; I went with them into John's court, and there we found three cheeses (Mr. Purcell had the cheeses for fear they should be spoiled, they were produced here when Taylor was tried), they were hid under the dung in the stable; we went there by information that we received from Daniel Murphy , he is admitted an evidence to the crown.
None of this brings home anything to the prisoner at the bar.
No, I went to the prisoners lodgings with Michael Layha , No. 4, Compton street, up in a two pair of stairs back room.
How do you know they were his lodgings.
By information from the woman of the house, she said that he lodged there; there was a young woman that he lives with, or was his wife, that was there.
Is the woman of the house here.
No.
You have no evidence of this being the prisoner's lodging, but the accomplice.
Here is part of the property that we found there.
I want to know how you can bring it home to the prisoner, is there any body here that can say it was the prisoner's lodgings.
I do not believe there is; I received information that it was the prisoner's lodgings, there was the young woman there that he lived with as his wife, she was standing under the door of the cock lost, and there was a chair stood by her. which as I turned up stairs I heard her get off, I got up into the chair, suspecting to find Townsend in the roof of the house, I looked about the roof, he was not there; between the rafters at the top of the plaister and laths, I found this stocking, with all these halfpence and farthings, they were tied up in this stocking; I put them down to Christopher Jones and Michael Layha , I have kept them ever since, they correspond with the quantity that was found on Taylor.
(to prosecutor) Do you know that stocking.
No, I rather fancy the halfpence are mine, I am certain that farthing is mine, I can swear to them two farthings that they had been taken out of my house.
These are two bad farthings.
Yes, they are not the value of two farthings.
Are both of them of the value of one farthing.
I do not know, I think they are bad farthings, they have been amongst the money, that is what I swear; they were among the money that was stolen from me.
There is no mark on them of yours.
No, there is a mark on the crooked farthing that I know of, they had been returned me by the baker, I just marked them by the thinness of them, I made an observation on them.
I am an officer. I went with Blackman when he went to the top of the house, when he found the halfpence.
Do you know it was the prisoner's lodgings.
I only know from information of others.
Did you ever see him there.
No.
What do you know respecting this charge of the prisoner.
He was one of the party.
Who did the party consist of.
Thomas Taylor , Bill Scarer , Jerry Ragan , James Britten , Bill Townsend , and Daniel Murphy myself; when we came to Mr. Purcell's house, James Britten took the shutter down, it was then about eleven o'clock, we had come from Short's gardens; Taylor then cut the window with his knife, he took the cheese out of the window and gave them to the others; I was standing watching on the opposite side of the way; we took four cheeses out and some tea and sugar, and put it into a stable.
Whereabouts was the prisoner standing.
At the window.
Did he receive any thing.
He did, I see him receive some tea.
You know nothing of any halfpence or any money.
I did not see any money about the place at all.
