I am a widow, I keep a house in Ball-alley, Lombard-street : Mr. Bradshaw keeps the Cross-keys-inn , close by, he sent a watch to me to be repaired, and to have a new chain to it, I carry on my husband's business; the prisoner did live servant with me ten or eleven years ago: On New-year's-day, about a quarter before five o'clock, I had occasion to go out; I returned in about ten minutes, and found the shop in confusion, and a number of people in it.
The shop, I suppose, makes part of your dwelling-house?
Yes; I left an errand-boy in the shop when I went out, and when I came back the prisoner was in custody; a gentleman, who is not here, charged the prisoner with taking the watch; he denied taking it; the watch had been brought back from a gentleman's house, where the prisoner had dropped it.
Did you yourself know that watch to be Mr. Bradshaw's?
Yes, it was delivered to the constable; it had a small gold seal, with a ribbon and a key; I had received it from Mr. Bradshaw about three days before; I had seen it between four and five o'clock that afternoon, hanging up in the shop.
I am errand boy to Mrs. Hill, in Ball-alley: On New-year's-day, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the shop with a little child, I saw a man watching about, for, I dare say, a quarter of an hour, and when my mistress went out, he came in and took the watch off the hook.
How did he get in?
The door was open, the little child opened it, I was standing behind the counter.
Where was the hook upon which it hung?
Over the window; he ran away, and I ran after him; I did not lose sight of him all the way, till I saw him stopped in Lombard-street, the corner of George-yard, by a gentleman, who is here; he fell down in Lombard-street, where he was stopped; after he was brought back, I went to look where he sell down, and I saw the watch lying in an area; the gentleman belonging to the house brought it back, it was a metal watch, and had the appearance of being the same watch that was taken from the hook.
Was there not music playing in the court, and a great many people about?
Yes, there was music playing at the door.
How can you swear to me out of a mob of people that were standing there?
I did not see any mob of people at all.
I am a tanner, on the 1st of January, about five o'clock, going through Lombard-street, I heard the voice of a child, crying, stop thief; I saw the prisoner running very fast, and when he got to the corner of George-yard, he sell down; he got up, and attempted to run off, but I collared him, and the little boy came up, and said, don't let him go, he has stolen our watch; I took him back to Mrs. Hill's, I did not loose him till I brought him back to the shop, he was searched, but nothing found; I saw the watch afterwards brought in; Mrs. Hill came in a little time after, the boy persisted he was the man that stole the watch, and he was given in charge to the constable, the prisoner made no kind of resistance.(Robert Scott, a constable, produced the watch.)
I keep the Cross-keys-inn, in Gracechurch-street, this is my watch, they dial-plate was made on purpose for my sight; I bought it of Mr. Hill, he made it for me.
This is the same watch, I saw it lying in the area, Mr. Stanson brought it back.
I picked up this watch in our area, I gave it to Mr. Stanson, and he cared it to Mrs. Hill's; I took the number of the watch before I gave it to him, it is 1303, or 5, the figures on the dial-plate are very large.
I know this is the same watch by the cases, and by the shape of the seal, it had a black ribbon to it.
I did not take sufficient notice of the watch, to say whether this is the same or not.
(To Mrs. Hill.) Do you ever attend to the business yourself?
Yes.
Do you remember any thing particular about Mr. Bradshaw's watch?
Yes, the figures on the dial-plate are remarkably large, and I remarked the ribbon.
When you came back and saw the watch, did you then know it to be the same?
Yes.
Were all the watches you had in your shop either your own or some your had to repair?
Yes.
What is the value of it?
I think it is worth three pounds in the trade.
The glass is broke, is it not?
Yes, it was perfect when it was taken away.
I am innocent of the crime alledged against me.
