I am an officer's servant : On the 27th of December, I lodged in the house of Richard Posterns; I went into the country, and left fourteen pounds in money, and my wearing-apparel in my bed-room, in a trunk; I returned on the Sunday before Christmas-day; the prisoner was then in the house; I missed my property on the 27th, which was a day or two after; I did not look for it before; he left the house on the Tuesday morning after I returned; he had lodged in the house before; I went away on the 10th of November.
The prisoner lodged in my house about five weeks; he went away the day before Christmas-day; he lodged in the room that the prosecutor had lodged in; the prosecutor went into the country, and returned the Sunday before Christmas-day.
Did the prisoner go away with your knowledge?
Yes; he told me of it the day before; he said he was going to live at Clapham to carry coals out; I apprehended him myself at the Bag of Nails at Pimlico, last Monday was a week; I procured a constable, who took him into the parlour to search him, and found three duplicates under his feet upon the floor; and we found a pocket handkerchief in this pocket that was claimed by the prosecutor; I then went into the tap-room, to the box where he had been sitting, and there I found six more duplicates; he said he found the handkerchief in the street.
I am servant to Mr. Patmore, pawnbroker, in Fleet-market; (produces two coats;) I took in one of them, which was a great coat, of a man who called himself John Smith ; but I cannot swear to the person of the man: I did not take in the other myself.
I found this, among others, under the prisoner's feet, when I took charge of him;(produces a pocket-handkerchief,) I found this in his pocket.
This duplicate is my hand-writing.
I am an officer belonging to the Public-office, Queen-square: (produces a coat and waistcaot;) I found these at Mr. Read's, pawnbroker, in Fetter-lane; I have had them ever since. Mr. Read is delirious in bed.
I am a tailor: I can can swear to this great coat; I made it for the prosecutor; I am sure it is the same.
When I came home I found the lock of the trunk broke.
I took them in of a man very much resembling the prisoner; he described himself as John Smith, of Saffron-hill.
I found this under the prisoner's feet.
This duplicate was written by a boy, under my direction, in my presence.
These are my breeches.
