I am a linen-draper , 316, Holborn . I can only identify the property.
I am a butcher, I live with Mr. Finch in the Minories. On the 9th of January, between one and two in the afternoon, I went into the Grotto, public house, Southampton-buildings, Holborn, I saw the prisoner come in with two men, they had some printed cotton rolled up, they called for a pint of porter; they sat opposite of me and my brother in the same box; Eleanor Walter's had a pipe or tobacco, she went to the fire several times to light her pipe, and two men strove to hide the linen with their coats; the two men sat close together, and in the mean time the prisoner went to the fire one of the men put a piece of print under his coat and said he would go. He went out.
Then there were more pieces than one, were there
Yes; I do not know how many pieces there were. They each had a piece of print under their coats, and the woman had a piece of print. Mr. Osbourne called me out, he said, he thought they had been thieving, he would call on Mr. Marshall to enquire; in the mean time he was gone, the other man went away. Mr. Osbourne returned, and in about five minutes Mr. Marshall came. I went to fetch Rogers, the constable, and when I came back she tried to make away with the linen; she dropped it between her legs, and shoved it under the bench with her feet.
On Tuesday last I went into the Grotto; the prisoner and two men came in together, they sat down on the bench, and called for something to drink. I saw this piece of print hanging down between the prisoner and one of the men; the two men appeared to be adjusting something up under their coats; they saw me look at them very hard, one of them got up and went out. I beckoned Ross out, told him my suspicion, if he would stop there I would go to Mr. Marshall's to see if he had lost any thing. When I returned, the other man went out, the prisoner was sitting in the same corner, and this piece of print was hanging down under her; she got up, it dropped, and she kicked it under the settle; she was going away, I stopped her; by some means she got out of the door and went up Southampton-buildings. I went after her and brought her back; she had left the printed cotton behind her, I picked it up under the bench; then Mr. Marshall owned it.
When I went into this house I had nobody with me. I had no cotton. I called for a glass of gin and a pipe of tobacco. I went out, they brought me back again. I told them I brought nothing in with me. I am a poor woman that works very hard; my husband has been on board a man of war fifteen years.
