My husband's name is Alexander Stratton ; I have left my husband two years; I am a poor unfortunate woman.
Is your husband alive or dead.
He is alive, on board the Monarch.
Where do you live.
I have been living in London a good while; when I lost these things, I lived in the house of the mother of the prisoner, No. 90, Norfolk-street, in the parish of Marybone , her name is Eleanor Price .
Were you at home at your lodgings.
No, I was not; it was on Tuesday, the 28th of November, I went out about eight o'clock in the evening, I came home again about twelve o'clock.
Did you leave any thing at your lodging.
Yes, I gave part of the property to the landlady, Mrs. Price, to wash; and the other things, I left part in the dining-room, and the other part in the bed-room. When I came home, I did not miss them that night. In the morning the mother and the other sister called me up, and told me of it; I then looked for the articles, and missed a great number of things.
Did you ever see any of your things again.
Not till last week, when she was taken up, I saw them in the possession of one of the witnesses.
Are you a daughter of Eleanor Price .
I am; Eleanor Price keeps the house in which Mrs. Priestly, the last witness lodged.
That is the last witness that was examined.
Yes.
She goes by the name of Stratton, does not she.
I do not know, she came to our house by the name of Priestly.
Is your mother a widow.
Yes.
Had you any clothes belonging to your lodger, Mrs. Priestly, that had been delivered to you to wash.
Yes, we had them under our care to wash, we were washing them on the Wednesday, some were wet in the house, and some were not, we missed them on the next morning. On the 29th of November I had seen them; on the 28th they were in the kitchen, in the wash house.
Do you know the prisoner
Yes, she is my own sister, she was helping me to wash them, she took very few things out of the washhouse.
But she was assisting you in washing on the night of the 28th.
Yes, she lived with us, she was always with her mother.
Did she leave the house that night.
Yes; Mrs. Priestly was gone to the theatre, then the prisoner left the house, and did not come home until five weeks afterwards.
How soon did you see any of the articles that were under your care for washing.
The next morning, we missed one gown, fourteen handkerchiefs, six pair of silk stockings, and one pair of cotton, two cotton shawls, two habit waistcoats, one pinafore, and one small apron, that was all that we lost, that was delivered to us to wash.
You did not miss any thing from the apartment of Priestly, your lodger.
No, I informed Mrs. Priestly of what we had lost of the wash.
For five weeks after you did not see her.
No.
Did she come home at the end of five weeks.
Yes, she came and knocked at the door, then my mother thought proper to get Mrs. Priestly's property back, and she was taken in custody.
Did you see at the time that she was taken up, whether she had any of the property about her.
No, she had not, another person that was with her had pawned the things, and sold the tickets.
That you know nothing of; that is what they told you.
Yes.
Do you know the prisoner.
I knew her about nineteen years back, but I did not know her when she accosted me on the Tuesday evening.
How long ago is that Tuesday evening that she accosted you.
About five weeks ago, I cannot tell the day of the month; it was by the coffee house in Covent Garden; she had something in her lap, what it was I did not know at the time. She asked me if I could recommend her to a lodging; I told her I did not know any. I took her home to where I lodged; when she went home with me, she asked my landlady if she could lend her two shillings, she told her, no; I went and pledged a handkerchief for her that evening for eightpence; I left it at a public-house for her; I got no money, she wanted something to drink. In the morning I pledged the lace for a pound at Mr. Flemmings, in Fetter-lane, and there were three gowns, a petticoat, a shift, and handkerchiefs; she went with me when I pledged them at Mr. Flemmings; I got one pound fourteen shillings upon them. There were two pair of stockings, and two handkerchiefs, I pledged for seven shillings at the same place; and one pair of stockings, and three handkerchiefs, for five shillings, at Turner's, in Brydges-street. I offered her the duplicates with the money; she desired me to put them in my pocket, as she had no pockets to take care of them.
These are all the things that you pledged.
Yes. She requested me on the Saturday evening, that I would give her the duplicates; she came to where I lodge. I put them on the table, she said she was going to sell them to a woman in Covent Garden; she asked me if I knew a person that would buy them; I told her of Mrs. Beaumont; we went together to Mrs. Beaumont and sold them for thirteen shillings.
Do you know the prisoner at all.
I never saw her in my life. I know the last witness, Mary Brant .
Did you ever buy any duplicates of Mary Brant .
Yes; on Saturday night, about five or six weeks ago, I cannot say the day of the month, Mary Brant delivered the duplicates to me at my shop.
What shop do you keep.
I deal in many articles, and green grocery. There was nobody there but Mary Brant ; I did not see the prisoner.
What did you give for them.
Thirteen shillings.
What became of these duplicates.
I went to the pawnbrokers and got all the articles out.
Did you get the things from the place she mentioned.
There were three articles at Mr. Clements, one at Mr. Edwards, and at Mr. Flemming's, and one at Mr. Turner's. I had sold some of them, and the rest I produced to them when they asked me for them; I delivered them to Mr. Lumley.
Now these things that you sold, how much did you get for them.
There was a shawl for half a guinea, a gown for nine shillings, two handkerchiefs, seven shillings, and one for five shillings.
You have some things that you produce there, from whom did you produce them.
From Mary Beaumont , all that is here; Mary Brant and the prisoner, confessed to me what they had done with the property.
Have you seen all them articles that Mr. Lumley has produced.
Yes; all is my property but this cotton gown.
Be so good to mention what things there are there.
There are three pair of silk stockings, one cotton gown, a muslin gown, two shifts, eight handkerchiefs, a black lace cloak, and a shawl. The black lace cloak cost me eighteen pounds at first, I have had it two years; I cannot say what it is worth now; my shifts cost me sixteen shillings each. The black lace cloak was in my apartment, the handkerchiefs and shawl were in the wash, I know they are all mine.
I was very much intoxicated when I took these things. Mrs. Priestly persuaded me to leave my home, and live with her upon the town, and she would take a lodging for her and me: she has got a girl now in the hospital that lived with her. That woman that took me to her place, she took a shawl and brought in some gin and victuals; she pledged all the things herself, and when the money was gone she turned me out. I was in the watch-house two nights. She went to this woman and sold the tickets; she said, if the tickets were found I should be prosecuted.
