I live in Leather-lane . On Sunday morning, the 7th of January, I went to shift my clothes before the family was up.
Where did you go for that purpose
I keep the Windmill public-house ; I went into the tap-room. The prisoner at the bar came down stairs, he was a lodger of mine, he had lodged with me about two months. He asked me for half a pint of beer. My small clothes were lying on the tap-room table; they were those that I had taken off, my apron was lying over them. I delivered the half pint of beer.
Was the prisoner the only person in the room at that present time
He was. I had another lodger come down stairs; he brought the half pint of beer back from the prisoner, and desired me to make a pint of it; I made it a pint. They then called for a quartern of gin. I left my breeches on the table in the room during this time.
Did you go and fetch the gin
I was in the bar, and they came for the liquor; the bar is on the other side of the passage.
Which of them came for it
Not the prisoner. The prisoner remained in the tap-room during this time the man came for the gin. After they had drank this, they got up and went out together. My wife went into the tap-room, and found my things laying on the tap-room table, she brought them in the bar to me, and said, how simple I must be to leave my small clothes there; I said, there were no men there but our own lodgers, and a man that worked for Mr. Cotterell. She took my money out of my watch pocket, I immediately missed the check which the Bank of England notes were rolled in it.
How many Bank notes had you
There were nineteen pounds altogether, with the money and the check. The check was for five pounds ten shillings, drawn by Mr. Hobbs on Manwaring. At that present time I did not miss any Bank of England notes. I was rather flurried. Afterwards I missed a one pound Bank note. My wife said, our lodgess must have taken them, and desired me to run after them. I did run after them, and took them in King's-road. I stopped them, and told them they had been playing the rogue with my pockets, and desired, if they had to return me my money; they denied having any money of mine. The prisoner asked me how much I had lost; I told him, I supposed he knew better than I did: I could not exactly tell. I said, you must go back, and I will have you all three searched. They did come back; and coming down Liquor-pond-street, as I walked after the prisoner, I perceived him breaking paper and dropping it. I catched up a piece of it, and seized his hand, where there was the remains of the check. I then seized him and brought him to my house, and I sent for Mr. Hancock, the officer, to take charge of him. The other men were searched, but nothing was found on them.
When had you seen this check and the one pound note in your pocket before
On that morning; before I had undressed myself I had looked at them, and folded them up in this check; that was, when I was first up in the morning. The officer has the two pieces of the check.
How long had you worn the breeches that morning
From six o'clock, I dare say; it was when I first got up.
You counted your money when you got up
I did. There was nobody about the house till these men got up. It could not have gone out of my pocket without it was taken out. I put them in my fob; they were tight breeches.
What parish is your house in
Saint Andrew's.
I was sent for on the morning of the robbery. I went to the house of Mr. Conner; he told me had been robbed; he pointed out three men; I searched the other men, then I searched this man. This note was given to me by Mr. Conner. I took the prisoner off to the New Prison. I asked for the one pound note; he had put it in the other notes, he told me.
The prisoner delivered to me a one pound note; he said, that was all the money he had got. I put it into my pocket and mixed it with the others. I could not pick it out again.
Had you a note of one pound
Yes, they were all one pound notes but the check.
Upon your asking him to deliver up the one pound note, he gave you a one pound note
He did.
Did you at any time draw a check upon Manwaring and Co.
I did, on Saturday last.
Look at that check; is there any thing there that you know
This is my hand-writing; this is the check that I left with my son.
Did your father leave a check with you on Saturday last
He did.
Can you describe it
Yes; the sum was five pounds ten shillings, drawn on Manwaring.
Look at the note, is that the note that was left with you
It is. I paid it in part of payment for ten pounds to one of the sawyers that worked for us. I sent it to be cashed by Daniel Page .
Did Robert Hobbs give you a check to get cashed
Yes, I got it cashed for his use.
Last Sunday morning I was in Mr. Conner's house, between seven and eight o'clock I called for a pint of beer. I sat down by the fire, on the stool. The prisoner was on the right hand of the tap-room fire; he removed to the left. On the table there was something with a white cloth or apron over it. When she prisoner removed from the right to the left of the fire I heard something move; I looked of one side.
What was there on the table
I thought it was rolls, it was under a white cloth; what it was I did not know. The prisoner's hand was underneath; I saw it move; I drank part of my beer. I looked over my left shoulder, his hand was very busy for the space of two minutes and upwards. I drank my beer, and came out.
Did you see where Mr. Conner was at the time
He drawed my beer, brought it to me, put it on the stove, and went into the bar again.
The note and check I picked up under the tap-room table in the morning after that gentleman was gone out.
