I am the wife of John Catlin , I live at No. 1, Richardson's-buildings, St. Luke's , I am a lodger; Elizabeth Scott keeps the house, her husband's name is Daniel Scott . On the 27th of December the prisoner came to work for me at the army clothing work, on the 28th I missed the spoon. I gave her in charge of the constable. I found the spoon at a silversmith's in Barbican, by the prisoner's direction. After she was in the watchhouse I looked about and missed three handkerchiefs and a towel; I have seen them since.
Are you the wife of Mr. Cole
Yes; he is a silversmith, 54, Barbican. On the 28th of December, about five o'clock in the evening, I bought a silver tea-spoon, I think the prisoner is the person I bought it of, I could not swear to her; I gave her two shillings and two-pence for the spoon, it was broken. I produced the spoon to Mrs. Catlin when she came and enquired.
Was the spoon broken when it was taken away from you
No.
I sell fish; I have a little shop in Arthur-street. On the 28th of December the prisoner came and had two pair of soals for a shilling, she left me a handkerchief for the shilling; the same handkerchief that she left with me I gave to the constable.
I am servant to Mrs. Fothergill, pawnbroker, Aldersgate-street. On the 28th of December I took in pledge a cotton handkerchief and a check apron of the prisoner; I am sure of her person.
I keep a chandler's shop in Golden-lane. The prisoner left a towel and a pocket handkerchief at my shop. On the 28th of December I delivered them up to the constable.
I am a constable. I found one handerchief at Mrs. Robins's, and the others at Mrs. Ranson's.
I had worked for a person three years; Mrs. Catlin persuaded me to leave that woman and work for her, which I did. I found the apron in the passage, and pledged it, and when I came home my prosecutrix and I spent the money in liquor; then I found it was this poor woman's apron, I said I was very sorry, if she could lend me fifteen pence I would take it out and work it out; she told me she had not the money to lend me, but I might have the spoon. I had the spoon and sold it to Mrs. Coles, and then the pawnbroker's were shut up, I could not get the apron.
