I am one of the gatekeeper's of the London Dock . On the 7th of December last, I saw the prisoner at the spirit quay gate, he came for an empty bushel measure, he had a pass to allow him to carry it out of the Dock. Mr. Frost laid hold of him by the arm; I took hold of the bushel measure, the copper slipped down from under his frock, I took the prisoner in custody, and sent for a constable, Mr. Frost kept the copper in his possession; Mackdonald the constable came, the prisoner ran away, Mackdonald and I ran after him, he ran about three hundred yards, and then jumped out of the back part of a warehouse into the bed of the River-Thames: he was pursued in our sight, and apprehended.
I am gatekeeper to the Customs. On the 7th of December, between the hours of nine and ten, I and Mr. Durham were a few peces from the gate, I met the prisoner with an empty bushel measure, and a pass, he presented the pass when he came to the gate; I asked him whether he had any thing in the bushel measure; he said, no; I told him I must see; I laid hold of the measure, and underneath his smock frock, I saw this cake of copper, that was in the London Dock, Mr. Durham took the bushel measure; I took the copper from him, and took it to my box; the prisoner ran away, he was pursued and brought back. I produce the copper.
Do you know of any copper being within the London Docks.
There is plenty, some of the same marks, and some of the same quality: it lies on the west side of the dock.
My Lord, and Gentlemen of the jury, I have never been before a court of justice before The copper taken from me, I had no intention of stealing the same being given to me by a person in the dock, alledging, he wanted it for a sample, unconscious that I was doing wrong; I acceeded to his wish when I came to the gate, although I had a pass I was stopped with the property, I informed them I was not carrying it for myself, I was carrying it for another person coming out of the Dock before me, who on my apprehension absconded. I was advised to run away, I therefore beg my crime may be considered to arise from ignorance.
Did the prisoner say to you that he was employed to carry this out
He did not to me, he did before the Justice.
