I live at 154, Shoreditch ; I am apprentice to John Williams , a paper stainer in Chiswell-street, his manufactory is in Coleman-street, Bunhill-row. On Saturday the 23rd of December I received two one pound notes of my master, I was to pay myself and another of the servants; I went home to my mother directly in Shoreditch, my father keeps a shoe shop; I asked my mother to give me change, she said she could give me change for one; I wrote my master's name on both the notes; I gave the other note to my sister to get changed, and as she was going out for that purpose she was met by a man.
Was that man the prisoner
I believe the prisoner to be the man; the shop was dark, I do not speak with certainty; she met this man just by the doorway; the prisoner said he wanted to buy a pair of shoes; my sister turned back to serve, the prisoner followed her behind the counter; he was in the shop for near ten minutes, he then went out; my sister said she had lost the note and she thought the prisoner had taken it.
Did the prisoner buy any thing
I believe not. I ran out of the shop, I could not see him; it was quite dark.
Has the one pound note ever been found since
I saw it in Mrs. North's hands in Holywell-lane, about an hour and a half afterwards. Before the prisoner went out of the shop a little girl came in, she informed me where he lived, I went there and waited at a small distance till he came home; I saw the prisoner come to that door, I went in the house about a minute after him; my sister was in the house, she and I taxed him with taking the note; he said he did not know what we were talking about; I told him I saw him in my father's shop, but did not go behind the counter.
Was that true
No; I saw him behind the counter; I told him he had taken the note from the window behind the counter, he denied it; I sent for Mr. Armstrong the officer and gave charge of him, he was taken to the watchhouse; Mr. Armstrong and I went with a pair of shoes that the prisoner had bought somewhere, he would not tell where; we found he had bought the shoes of Mrs. North in Holywell-lane; on our taking the shoes Mrs. North produced the one pound note; I knew it again, it had my master's name in my own hand writing; Mr. Armstrong has kept the note ever since.
You live at this shoe shop in Shoreditch
Yes. The prosecutor is my brother.
Did you receive from your brother on the 23d of December a one pound bank note
Yes; I was going to get it changed; the prisoner met me at the door way, he said he wanted a pair of shoes; I turned back; I had the one pound note in my hand, and as I was going round the counter I laid the note in the window.
Is the window behind the counter
Yes; the prisoner followed me directly and passed the window where the note was put down.
Did the prisoner buy any shoes
No; he was about ten minutes behind the counter looking at the shoes to see if any would suit him; as he was turning to go I cast my eyes in the window, I said that man has taken the note. The prisoner was only at the door, he must have heard me, I halloaed it out, my mother and all heard me.
Did the prisoner stop
No. Just as the prisoner was going out a little girl was coming in; she met him, she told him where he lived; my brother and I went to where the prisoner lived in Crossby's-buildings, Curtain-road; I went into the house to wait for his coming home, my brother and brother in law were waiting out of doors a little way off; when the prisoner came in my brother followed him and taxed him about the note, he replied, nonsense, don't talk to me about any such thing; he denied having possession of the note; my brother sent for Mr. Armstrong, he was taken in custody. I saw the note at the watchhouse; Mr. Armstrong brought it and I knew it again.
I live at 68, Holywell-lane; I keep a shoe shop.
Do you know the prisoner
Yes; I believe he is the same man that bought two pair of shoes at my shop and changed a one pound note.
At about what time was it that man, whoever he was, bought a pair of shoes at your shop
Between seven and eight on the 23d of December to the best of my recollection.
Were the same shoes brought by Armstrong and another man to your shop
They were, by Armstrong and Snelson; they were the same shoes, they came to eight shillings and three-pence; he gave me a pound note and I gave him the change; the prisoner was in my shop on the Thursday, my foreman saw him, he can give a better account of him. I believe the same note that the prisoner gave me I gave to Armstrong; I have no doubt of it.
Do you remember a pair of shoes being bought at your mistress's shop
Yes; I sold them to the prisoner, Jacob Law ; he was in the shop on the Thursday; he bought two pair of shoes on the Saturday; he came in after dark; I cannot speak particular to the time; he delivered the note into my hand; I looked only to see if it had the water mark, and then I gave it my mistress. When Armstrong and Snelon came in Armstrong produced to me a shoe and asked me if I knew it; I told him I did, I have no doubt they are the shoes brought by the prisoner that night at our shop.
I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday the 23d of December; there were these pair of shoes in the house; I took up the shoes; I asked the prisoner where he bought the shoes, he said in Shoreditch. I put him in the watchhouse and took these shoes with me and Snelson; I went to Mrs. North the shoes were owned there; I received a one pound note of North, Cook wrote his name on it.
