I am a haberdasher , No. 27. Chiswell-street, Saint Luke's . On the 8th of December I lost a silk handkerchief and a piece of ribbon he attempted to take away. I missed the handkerchief about six o'clock, after the prisoner was taken between five and six. I was sitting in the parlour with a lady and gentleman, I heard the glass of the shop window break, I and the lady and gentleman went into the shop, I found a pane of glass with the corner broke out. The gentleman went out, and said he would watch. In about a minute the prisoner and another passed by the window; he looked earnestly at the window, and returned back again; he then pushed the remainder of the broken pane of glass in. It was not so dark but I could distinguish him; he put his hand into the window, he was dragging the ribbon out with his hand. I went out and collared him, he resisted, pulled me out in the road, and got from me. I pursued him, and cried out \"stop thief;\" he threw me down in the middle of the road; he was taken and brought back.
Was it day-light enough for you to distinguish the prisoner
Quite day-light enough for me to distinguish him.
On the 8th of December I dined with Mrs. Cawthorn: Miss Emery was with me. We heard a noise like breaking of glass; we discovered a square of glass that appeared to be cut designedly, of sufficient length to admit a person's hand. I went out to watch, and stationed myself about twenty yards from the house. I noticed the prisoner pass several times, fixing his eye on the window; the last time I saw him pass he put his arm in the window. I could not see what he had in his hand. Mrs. Cawthorn came out and seized the prisoner by the collar, upon which the prisoner threw her violently down in the road. I pursued the prisoner, and took him in a court in Grub-street, Immediately I pursued the prisoner I was surrounded by four or five others, who tried to extricate him; they cut my coat with a knife in two or three places. I secured him, and brought him back to Mrs. Cawthorn.
Was the ribbon and handkerchief ever found
Upon my taking hold of him he let the ribbon go, there were about two yards of it hanging out of the window. I never saw the handkerchief again; the value of the handkerchief was seven shillings.
I went to Mrs. Cawthorn's house, the ribbon was given into my custody. There was nothing found on the prisoner that belonged to the prosecutrix.
I was going by the place, I heard the cry of \"stop thief.\" I ran, and this gentleman came and took me.
