I am a silk mercer . I live at 23, Cranbourn-street, Leicester-square . On Wednesday last, near two o'clock, two women came into the shop to look at some silk handkerchiefs, the prisoner followed, and asked to look at other goods; I told her to walk into the other part of the shop, and the young man would shew her. She went and returned to me, and said, the young man and she could not agree for the price of the article she was looking at. She went back in the shop again, and the other women were going away. I looked over the handkerchiefs, and missed a piece.
The other women were dealing with you for the handkerchiefs
Yes; I charged them with having them. The prisoner was in the further part of the shop; she came towards them, and let the handkerchiefs drop from her person: I saw it drop on the floor; the other women were not nigh by a yard or two. I picked up the piece of handkerchiefs. I asked her how she came to take the handkerchiefs; she said, she did not. I told her, I saw her drop them. I said, I would take her to Marlborough-street; she said, she hoped I would not, she would give me the price of the handkerchiefs.
Are you sure that you did not see her take them
She took some of the handkerchiefs up to look at, that is all I saw.
How many people were there of you serving in the shop
I am not certain, whether two or three, with myself. The young man that was serving her is not here.
I am servant to Mr. Appleby. I saw the prisoner in the shop, looking at some calimanco. After Mr. Appleby had charged the other women with taking the handkerchiefs, I saw the prisoner drop them.
I live with Mr. Appleby.
Did you see the prisoner there
Yes.
Did you see her take any thing from the counter
No; I saw a piece of handkerchiefs drop from her person.
I went into the shop to buy some calimanco, he had only two pieces to shew me, at fifteen-pence a yard. I told him, I could only afford to pay a shilling a yard. The gentleman told me to stop, he had plenty. I stopped a minute, he took the pieces of silk handkerchiefs off the counter; he said, he had lost a piece of silk handkerchiefs between the three. I stood still: whether the handkerchiefs fell from the women, I do not know; the gentlemen said, they fell from me.
