I live at No. 3, Princes-court, Duke-street , St. James's. On the 2nd of December, I think it was, I went out to spend the evening with a friend; it was on a Friday. I stopped till two or three o'clock on Saturday morning. I had drank rather freely. I was coming home from Dyot-street to Duke-street, St. James's. I had been in Berry-street. I was not at home, I dare say, before five or six o'clock in the morning. I do not recollect any thing that happened. My landlady came up and called me at two o'clock, and enquired if I had lost any thing, because I was tipsey when I came home. I searched and missed my watch. About a fortnight afterwards I was told it was advertized from Bow-street, and that it was at Mr. Wigley's shop. I went to Bow-street, and swore to my watch.
I live in Chandois-street. On the 11th of December, about two o'clock, the prisoner came to pledge this watch. I was not in the shop at the time, but my young man came to me. I went into the shop, and asked, what he wanted on the watch; he told me, he wanted three pounds. I asked him, if he knew what the watch was; yes, he said, he knew it was a gold watch. I asked him if he knew any thing further, because it was a repeater; he only said, he knew it was a gold watch, a gentleman had given it him to pledge to pay his rent. I told him, that was something extraordinary. I desired my lad to go for an officer. He asked me whether I meaned to give it him; I said, certainly. I did not; he immediately made off as fast as he could; the officer came; he was pursued and stopped, and taken to Bow-street. At the office he said, he found it on his beat; he is a watchman. On the last examination, the prisoner delivered up the seal to the prosecutor. There was no seal to the watch when he offered to pledge it.
I was going my round at half past three on Saturday morning, I found this watch by the corner of Duke-street; it was laying on the pavement. I kept it in my possession for nine days, to see if I could find an owner for the watch. I carried it always with me on my beat: I heard no enquiries. I happened to go into this pawnbroker's to get the particulars of the watch for the purpose of getting it advertized the next day. I asked the pawnbroker's man to tell me, whether it was gold or not; he said, yes. I said, could I pawn it; he said, yes. I said, for three guineas; he said, yes. The master came in the shop and asked me many questions, and then told me to go away, he would keep the watch. I went out to get an officer. They took me. I was in Clerkenwell four days; and when I went up to the office, there was no owner to this watch: they let me go. I told them where I lived; and when they sent for me, I went to the office.
