I am a boot and shoe maker , 115, Wapping . On the 28th of December, about six o'clock in the evening I was drinking my tea, my lodger was with me, and Sarah Banks , my chairwoman. I saw some people look in my window, I immediately ran out, I saw four or five men pass my window and go down the street about an hundred yards, and there they stopped, the prisoner parted from them, and came up three doors beyond me, and stood with his back towards my house; I took the opportunity, and ran in doors. I called John Thompson , one of my journeymen down stairs, and placed him in one part of the shop, my sailor lodger in another, and myself in another, one in each corner of the shop; we were in the shop watching in this manner till nine o'clock.
Do you know the prisoner.
Yes; he is a plaisterer by trade. About nine o'clock, they all surrounded the window, they were scarce five minutes at a time from the window all the three hours. The prisoner then came upon the step of the door three times, and retired back, at last he came into the shop, stretched his hand to one of the pair of shoes, and took them, he was stretching out his hand to take more, and this man flew out, and caught hold of him, we all sprang out; I had an empty pistol in my hand, we secured him; he was taken to the police office, when he was about half way, he called out for Mr. Webb and Mr. Whitnell, and Mr. Whitnell came, he is a boot and shoe maker. Mr. Webb is master of Wapping watchhouse; he came, I gave him into his custody. These are the shoes, the prisoner immediately threw them down when he was caught hold off.
You are a shopkeeper you say; did not you serve your time to Mr. Whitnell.
Yes; I knew the prisoner ten years, he ordered shoes of me the Wednesday before he robbed me. He is a plaisterer.
Who is Mr Webb, is not he a respectable man.
No doubt of it, and Mr. Whitnell is a respectable man so far as I know.
When you took the prisoner in custody, he called out to these men.
Yes.
How many persons were in the shop.
Three besides myself.
Which of you gentlemen was it that the bailiff was after.
Martin Hollincrest .
Do not you know that the person charged at the bar by you was the person appointed to point out Hollincrest to the bailiff.
No; upon my oath, I never heard it, if it had been so, he had no business to take my goods.
Did Hollincrest leave the magistrates the same time as you did.
He did.
Which way did he go off home, in a boat or by land.
He came which way he pleased.
Give an answer.
He went in a boat, to avoid the bailiff.
How came you to tell me this moment, when I desired the short hand writer to take down your answer to my question, that you never heard of it.
I knew it last August.
Who was the man against whom the writ was.
Hollincrest, my lodger.
Upon your oath, did not the man at the bar, say at the time you charged him coming to rob you; I came to point out Hollingcrest, and not to rob you of a pair of shoes.
I declare he never mentioned a word of a pair of shoes.
I am talking about a writ; which part of the shop was Hollincrest concealed and Thompson.
Almost the further part of the shop.
And about three hours, the men had been lurking about your door.
They had.
They gave you plenty of notice to be three hours about your shop.
Twenty pound would not excuse what I lost last year.
You know that is not evidence.
Did not Hollincrest tell you, that he came to your house to be protected from the bailiff.
No.
How long has he lodged with you.
He came in December some time.
There had been a writ out against him ever since the month of August, and it is not till December, the honest creditor is able to find him out. Who took the shoes from the prisoner.
He dropped them.
Have you not said, that you were sorry he did not carry the shoes away.
I did; because if he had taken the shoes away, I thought it would be the worser for him; I have been so much robbed.
When men harp upon that, I always suspect them.
In the month of December, the prisoner ordered a pair of shoes of you.
He came to me on the Wednesday, as I was robbed on the Saturday; he said, will you make me a pair of shoes; I said, I would, he said, what will be the price; I said, half a guinea; I was to get them done by Saturday night; as he passed on the Friday night, he said, will you be sure to make my shoes again to-morrow night.
Then you knew him perfectly well.
Yes.
Did not you know the reason of his going backwards and forwards before your shop, was for the purpose of ascertaining whether that man was in your house.
I declare to God, I did not.
I am a sailor, a Swede; I live with Mr. Lindsey, a shoemaker.
You were afraid of being arrested.
Yes.
How long had the bailiff's been after you, were they after you that night.
I did not know at the time, I heard the day afterwards.
When you came from the police-office that night, you got a boat, did not you.
Yes; I went in a boat afterwards.
How came you not to go home by land, was not you afraid of the bailiff.
Yes; something like it.
What past this night when the shoes were taken.
About six o'clock, I sat along with the chairwoman drinking tea, the woman said to master, there is somebody looking in the window, the master ran out, and told us, there were three or four men looking in at the window; he placed me in one corner of the shop, John Thompson and the woman in another, and himself in corner, I stood in the corner from six till nine, and then I saw this prisoner eight or nine times at the window, I saw his face very plain, he could not see me, I was in a dark corner; he came in, turned to the left, and catched hold of the shoes, they were hanging up behind the door, he took them with his left hand, and attempting to take another pair with his right hand, I ran and catched hold of him, the master came and snapped a pistol, there was nothing in it; he did not touch the second pair of shoes.
What became of the shoes.
The prisoner dropped them. I did not see who picked them up, when he got out, he called Webb and Whitenell, Webb came up.
How long had you been concealed in that man's house. - A. About three weeks and a half.
I lodge in Lindsey's house. I was called down, they told me, there were some men that wanted to rob the shop, I was stationed at the stairs from six till nine. I did not see the prisoner when he first entered the door; I did not see him take or drop the shoes; as soon as this man jumped to lay hold of him, I sprang to him, and catched hold of him. I saw the shoes were taken from the place where they hung, who took them, I do not know.
On this day I was charing at Mr. Lindsey's, I saw at six o'clock three or four men at the window, I told master of it, he went and looked, the men rushed over the way; I sat on the stairs. They came to the window different times, the prisoner attempted to come in three times.
What was there to prevent him.
I understood that he was upon the watch for some man that owed him some money in our house, the prisoner came in the shop, went forward to the window, took a pair of shoes, he attempted to take the second pair, the man that owed the money catched him by the collar: the prisoner dropped the shoes.
Then the man stood between you and the person that was seized.
Yes; I was behind the man.
I was employed by Mr. Whitnell to look after Hollincrest, with the sheriff's officer.
I am a shoemaker: the prosecutor served his time to me; I would not believe him upon oath, he was always guilty of falcities. The prisoner is a young man I thought I could put confidence in, I employed him to seek after Hollincrest, I sent him to get a pair of shoes, to get information; I did not mind the shoes, I would have taken them myself; he went to Lindsey's according to my order, and told me the man was there.
Did you walk backwards and forwards before this man's shop.
Yes; Mr. Adams, the sheriff's officer was to meet me at the Gun, he did. I sent the prisoner first, because I thought if they saw me, they would suspect it. The prisoner went several times while we waited at the Gun. Mr. Adams was tired of waiting about.
In point of fact, did the prisoner go there to point out Hollincrest to the Sheriff's officer for you.
He did, he went there for me to give the information
