Where is your dwelling house
No. 60, Anchor and Hope-alley , in the parish of St. George's in the East; I rent the whole house, I am a taylor and keep a clothes shop , I sell hardware, jewellery, and trinkets.
Do you know the prisoner
Yes; she was in my service, she came on Thursday the 18th of October, to live with me, and on Friday the 19th, me and my family went to bed at ten o'clock, I left her up in the shop, she slept in a small press bedstead with one of my children in the shop; on the morning of Saturday the 20th, about nine o'clock, I got up in consequence of hearing my child cry, and when I came down I found my shop door open, the child crying, the shutters were not down and the street door was open; I have lodgers in the house, I opened one of the shutters went into the shop and looked about and saw all these things missing, and the goods were scattered about in the shop.
Had you left them in order when you went to bed
Yes; and I had left her in possession of these articles when I went to bed.
Did you miss two jackets
I did, three pair of trowsers, two waiscoats, five shirts, and two flannel shirts, three pair of shoes, eleven pair of stockings, six ruffs, three night caps, a cotton gown, an apron, six yards of printed cotton, a yard of lawn, two table cloths, a sheet, twenty-three handkerchiefs, seven knives, nine purses, three pocket books, twelve pencils, nine watch keys, eleven rings, three watch chains, one hundred and nine pair of ear rings, two pair of wires, fourteen broaches, and eight shillings and sixpence in copper, which I received the over night for things I sold, that was left on the mantle piece, that was all gone.
What was the value of the whole together
Twenty seven pounds and fourpence halfpenny.
Then all these things to the\\ amountof twenty seven pounds fourpence halfpenny were gone
Yes; the prisoner never returned again. As soon as I missed her I went to the Thames police.
How long was it after this that you saw the prisoner
Not till the 20th of December. I did not find her myself, the person that recommended her to me gave information; I did not see her till she was in custody.
Had she given you the least intimation that she intended to leave your service
No; she only came about three o'clock on the Thursday.
You say she slept in the shop which opened in the passage, was the door secured when you went to bed.
Yes; she had the key to lock herself in.
When she went to bed she was entrusted with the key, so that none of the lodgers could have communication to the shop without her permission
No; I had only one lodger, he is with me still; a man and wife and three children, one family.
Did you ever see any of these goods again that you lost
When she was apprehended she had nothing but a bonnet on which was made of the six yards of print she took away; she said, that she had made away with them.
Is there any part of that print that you had any mark to it.
No; I have only a frock of one of my children that was made out of the same piece, it was not a bonnet when she took it away; I cannot swear to the bonnet, I firmly believe it to be mine but cannot swear to it having no mark on it; nothing but the bonnet is here.
Was there any appearance of force about the shop door
No; there was no occasion of force, she had the key
I am an officer of the Thames police. I went to Mr. Hains premises immediately after he had given information, to see if there had been any violence used, there was no appearance of violence whatever on the shop door.
Then the shop must have been plundered by some person in the inside
It appeared so to me. On the 20th of December, from information, I found the prisoner in Rosemary-lane, she had just taken lodgings, I asked her if her name was not Maria Fuller, she told me her name was Maria but said nothing as to the surname; I asked her if she knew Mr. Hains, I described his residence and business, she denied all knowledge of him and Anchor and Hope-alley. I was confident by the description that see was Mr. Hains's servant, I took her in custody, I told her for robbing Mr. Hains, I searched her but found nothing relevant to this case but a bonnet, she had a bundle of wet linen but nothing to apply to this charge except the bonnet; I took her before the magistrate. In the office without any promise or threat, she told me that she had given the trinkets away, she had been to Exeter and from there she came to Titchfield in Hampshire where she had disposed of the other articles in question to whom she did not say.
I have no friend in the world. I am blamed innocently in what my master is laying me in blame of; and in regard of the ear rings you could not find a gold ear ring in his shop if you were to search it.
