I slept four nights at Joseph Sparrow 's house; the 24th of December was the last night I lodged there. I went to Stamford-hill. I left all the articles mentioned in the indictment at Sparrow's, and returned on the 27th, at night; and then I missed all my clothes and the 5 l. Bank note and other things. I left them all in a bag.
Did David Walker lodge with you, in December last
Yes, four days; it was towards the latter end of December. When he went away he left a bag in the room; when he came again, on the 27th, it was missing. I had seen the bag in the room on the 25th. The prisoner and Walker both lodged in one room. The prisoner went away on the morning of the 27th, between seven and eight o'clock, before the family was up. He owed two shillings for a week's lodging.
Had he given you any notice of going away
No, I was out on the Wednesday. On the Thursday morning I was informed the bag was gone. I went into the room, and saw the bag was gone. I suspected the prisoner, and went in pursuit of him. I apprehended him about five o'clock, at the Yorkshire Grey, White Lion-street. I found him there; he called me out into the street; he asked me, what I wanted of him; I told him to go in and have a pint of beer, I wanted to have some talk with him concerning the things that were taken out of the room; he said, he should go where he pleased for me, and he went down Queen-street. I followed him, and seeing a public-house open, the Black Horse, I forced him in there by main strength, and sent for an officer, and gave him in charge. At the Black Horse, there was a man there that said, the bag was opened in his shop; his name is Newman. I went to Newman's house afterwards, and saw certain things which are now in court.
I am an hair-dresser, No. 17, White Lion-street. On the 27th of December, about the middle of the day, the prisoner called at my shop.
Were you acquainted with him before
Yes, he used my shop the whole of the Summer. He had a bag, which he told me he had just purchased; he said, that the man that he bought it of told him, there were four pair of stockings in it, and he wished to see the contents of it; he then untied the bag, and throwed the contents on the floor; he said, he thought he had not given too much for it. He found four pair of stockings there.
You saw, of course, what there were in the bag
I cannot recollect all the things that were in the bag: there was a black waistcoat, nearly new; two flannel waistcoats, which he observed would suit him, as he always wore sleeves to his waistcoats when he was at work; there was a pair of new braces. He said he was going to Northampton, he would not be troubled with all these things; he put the black waistcoat on, and selected what part he would take with him, and put them in the bag again; and these things he left for me. He called the next morning and said, the chocolate coat which he had on, was at the top of the bag when he brought them. On the evening of the 27th, I happened to be at the Yorkshire Grey public-house, White Lion-street, I there mentioned the circumstance to a neighbour, of the prisoner bringing a bag and emptying it in my shop, and that I conceived he did not come honestly by it, or had bought it of somebody that came dishonestly by it. My neighbour was in the same house that Mr. Sparrow put the prisoner in; he informed Mr. Sparrow of the circumstance. My neighbour and Mr. Sparrow came to me, and desired me to go to Bow-street; I immediately produced the articles and went to Bow-street.
I got up, and went out in the morning, at day-light; I took nothing with me but the clothes that I had on my back; I owed no rent till the Thursday. I was going along the road, about ten o'clock in the day, I lit with a man with a bundle in his hand; he said, he came from Bristol; he asked me to buy it; he said, he wanted some money; I asked him to let me look at them; there was a coat and some stockings, I saw but three waistcoats; I gave him seventeen shillings for them, I thought it was the value of them. I went to this man's house, and let him look at them; I afterwards happened to go into a public-house, where I lost the things; I never made a farthing of them. I left with that gentleman, a tea caddie, three waistcoats, and a pair of old shoes, and what things else I do not know, I told him he was welcome to them.
