I live at 86, Oxford-street , in the parish of Marybone. On the 22d of December, it was near seven in the evening.
Had you candles lighted in your shop at the time
Yes. There were three of us in the shop at the time; it was not a minute before the chain was taken; I was shewing the gold chain to the young woman at the next door, and I had only walked across the shop when the chain was gone.
Had you returned in again into the window.
I had, it was upon two cards. The glass of the window was quite whole when I put it back again.
What did you hear, and what happened then, after you put it back again into the shop window.
I walked to the shop window, I heard nothing to alarm me; I observed the cotton rumpled, and the chain was gone, and the board on which the broaches lay, was turned over; I looked, and the chain and two broaches were gone; they were of the best gold; they lay close to the chain; and they were close to the glass of the window. The corner of the pane of glass, was cut as if by a diamond, and the piece of glass was taken away, and the hole in the glass was large enough to admit a lady's hand. On the next morning I went to the refiner's, I saw part of the chain.
I live at No. 16 in Long-acre: I am a refiner. On Friday evening, the 22d of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, a man brought me part of a gold chain for sale; I purchased it of him; the next morning Mr. Steele came and claimed it; I gave it him. I gave two pound four shillings for it; I bought it of a person resembling the prisoner, I cannot undertake to swear whether it was the prisoner or no.
I live next door to Mr. Steele. On Friday, the 22d of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, I observed the prisoner looking in at Mrs. Johnson's window, next door to Mr. Steele's; I did not see him do any thing; he went down the road, and he was in a butcher's dress, with a dark apron on. I saw nothing more of him till the next night; I gave Mr. Steele a description of him, Mr. Steele took him.
You took the prisoner upon the information that was given you by William Gardiner .
When I took the prisoner he never said a word; there was a man with him, he ran away as hard as he could; the prisoner was searched at Marlborough-street, nothing was found on him.
I live at 84 Long-acre: I am a refiner. On the 23d of December, about nine o'clock in the morning, a piece of gold chain was brought to me by a man; I bought it of him, it was ten or eleven penny weights. The prisoner is like the man, but I cannot say positively.
I know nothing at all about it.
