I am an ironmonger and brazier , 47, Frith-street, Soho . The prisoner has been in my service sixteen years; I have been in the habit of losing my articles for some time; I may say some hundreds, and I knew of these things going; I placed a servant below to watch him, as he had the range of all my premises; I marked several potatoes, parsnips, and onions, I kept them below in an hamper; the servant that watched him gave me information; I then called the prisoner into the accompting house, I desired him to take out what he had got in his pockets, and put it on the desk; he said he had got nothing.
Did you search him
No; he took out a parsnip marked R, and two onions marked R, that is the mark I had put on them; he then took out eleven pieces of wood.
Were they fire wood
Yes; he said he had bought the onions and the parsnips in Clare-market; I told him he had brought them from below.
Was this all that was found upon him
I did not search him, he took them out himself; he came at seven o'clock, his business was to light the fires below. This was all that was found on him. I saw the wood, the onions and parsnip all safe at eleven o'clock the night before; the pieces of wood are worth about a penny. The other articles were taken at some other time.
Are you in the prosecutor's service
Yes. I was desired by Mr. Moser to watch; on the 6th, in the evening, I was concealed in a cupboard in the cellar, I saw the prsoner come there.
Did you tell the clerk of the indictments the different times, you saw the prisoner
I did not.
What did you see on the 7th, in the morning
I did not see him do any thing. I looked in the basket, I found a parsnip and an onion missing; I told Mr. Moser of it.
I am a constable; I searched the prisoner's lodgings, I found all these articles I have got here.
to prosecutor. Did the prisoner say any thing to this charge of having taken the onions and parsnip
He begged I would forgive him; I told him he had made very free with my property, there was more would come out; the law should take its course.
