I am a blacksmith ; I live at No. 2, Sadler's-court, Milford-lane ; I live in the house of John Clark , I am a lodger. John Clark is the occupier of the house; I had the two pair room. the prisoner, George Warner , lodged in the same room.
On the 21st of October do you know at what time you left the room
At six o'clock in the morning, him and me both.
Where did you keep the articles that belonged to you
In my box in the same room.
What had you in the box
Twenty four pounds, and four shillings in silver, and I had a handkerchief that was not in the box, it laid on one side of the bed. There were fourteen guineas in gold, six shillings in silver, and four new shillings.
Then you had fifteen pounds four shillings in money
Yes, and nine one pound bank notes.
All this you say was in your box except the handkerchief
Yes.
When had you seen them in the box before that morning
The night before.
Did you usually keep the box locked
Not always; I left the key in the box this time, and I had before and lost nothing.
But you had a lock and key to this box
I had.
You had not locked the box that night
No, I had not; the key was in the box.
You are sure all these things were there, you had seen them the over night
Yes, I had.
Did the prisoner lodge there the same night
Yes. He got up at six o'clock and went to work with me. I was at work, and a friend called upon me; about a quarter before twelve the friend and me went out together; I had a pint or two of beer with him until the hour of one o'clock, then the prisoner at the bar came to me in the public house about five minutes after one, he asked me whether I should have any bread and cheese, he would bring it me; I said, no, I have a friend, I shall stop a few minutes longer.
When did you come home
At the hour of six o'clock; I went up into my room where my box was.
Did you find the prisoner at home when you came back
No; I went to get a few shillings out of my box, and my money was gone.
What did you lose besides money
Only a handkerchief.
When you say money you mean the notes as well as the gold
Yes, I do.
Did the prisoner come home at all that day
I never saw the prisoner from that day until the Monday he went to Greenwich to receive his pension, then he was apprehended.
Is he a pensioner
Yes.
When was that
Monday last.
How long had he been working and lodging where you did
About three weeks, more or less, he had been at the lodging; and going on a month or two months he had been in my master's employ.
Had you learned of him that he was going to leave the lodging or your master's employ
No, he said nothing about it.
Had he any clothes that he left behind him
He had only two shirts, one of them he left behind; he had no more clothes than what he had got on, except a shirt.
Have you discovered any of the money or notes since
No, I have not found any part of it.
I live at No. 2, Sadler's-court, Milford-lane; the last witness was my lodger.
You are the sole occupier of the house
Yes; there are three small rooms in the house; the prisoner and prosecutor lodged in the two pair, in a seperate bed each; I work in the one pair room, and sleep there; the lower room is for my wife to do any thing. There were no more than me and my wife and them two lodgers in the house.
Do you remember seeing the prisoner at the bar in the house on the 21st of October
Yes; there was no one else there; I was at work in the one pair and called him; I worked there with the room door open the whole day, it was impossible for any body to go up or down stairs without my seeing them; I spoke to him going up and coming down.
When was it you saw the prisoner go up
It might be a quarter after one, or twenty minutes, near upon that time I saw him go up and come down.
How long did he stay there
I am certain not more than three or four minutes in his own room. I never saw him after that till he was taken. The prosecutor, O'Brian, came home at six o'clock in the evening, when he had done his work; he went up stairs into his own room.
Between the time that the prisoner was there and the time that O'Brian came home and went up stairs did you see any person go up stairs
No soul whatever went up stairs.
Had any body else gone up before
No one had gone into that room but that man, except my wife; in the early part of the morning she went into the room to clean the room and to make the beds.
When did you next see the prisoner
Never till I found the prisoner detained at Bow-street; I went there and saw him.
Had he given you any intimation that he intended to go away
No; he was to pay weekly for his lodging, he paid me one week and went off in our debt.
Do you know whether he left any thing behind him
He had got nothing but one shirt that my wife had to wash for him for the Sunday.
You are the wife of the last witness
I am.
You were living there on the 21st of October last
Yes.
You know the bed chamber where the prisoner and O'Brian lodged
Yes.
Were you up in the room any time in the day
Yes; I made the bed and cleaned the room between nine and ten in the morning.
Did you observe O'Brian's box
Yes; I saw the key in it.
Did you look into it to see whether the things were safe or no
No; I never saw the inside of the box in my life.
Do you know any thing of the prisoner going into that room in the course of the day
The prisoner came in a little after one, he told me he would go up stairs for an onion; he came down in about five minutes and cut an onion, he said it was so hot he would put it in the fire; I stopped him; then he said he would get some bread and cheese, and go to O'Brian at the public house and have a pint of beer.
Did he ever return again
No.
Do you know what his stock of linen was
One shirt, besides what he had on.
Had you the custody of the other shirt
Yes; I had the care of it to wash, it is at home at my own house.
Did he go away without asking for the shirt
Yes; he has never asked for it.
Did he ever mention to you any intention of leaving his lodgings
No; he did not say a word about it. I was very much surprised about his not returning home.
The young man, O'Brian' worked for me, I am employed by Mr. Brodie, I have piece work. Before I went to Scotland I gave this lad twenty-one pounds which I held in my hand a twelve-month or more, he earned it; he gave it me for safety. When I came back I was informed that he was robbed; I was down at Greenwich when the prisoner was taken on Monday last; I saw him in the cage, I knew him immediately; I asked the prisoner for O'Brian's handkerchief, he said he had given him the handkerchief; I accused the prisoner of taking O'Brian's handkerchief and money; Tom was standing behind me looking over my shoulder; he said, George, did I give you the money too? - no, said he, I do not know any thing about the money. After that the constable came and took him from the watchhouse; on the way home I asked him where the handkerchief was now; he said the handkerchief was worn out. He would not own to the money or notes.
Were you the person that paid him his wages
Yes; if I had been at home I should have paid him his wages, but Tom did it in my place.
How much wages were due to him
I believe six or seven shillings, I cannot be positive. When the prisoner disappeared I was in Scotland.
to prosecutor. You were the person that paid him his wages
Yes; there were seven shillings and two pence due to him; he worked all the week; he dealt at the chandler's shop, his bill was sent into the accompting house to be paid; the remainder of his money was seven shillings and two pence.
He lent me an old handkerchief.
I never lent nor gave him an handkerchief.
On the Saturday morning I went into the chandler's shop, I asked them how much I owed them, she said she could not tell till her husband came in; I told the young man to pay the woman; he said, George, you did not pay me all last week, I want my money; I said I shall pay my landlady and you as far as my money goes.
