I am a coal merchant : I live in the City-road. On the 2d of January at ten o'clock at night, from Charterhouse-wall and my own house I lost the pocket book; I had dined at the Dog tavern in Holywell-street in the Strand, and expecting to see a gentleman, I took out my pocket book and examined every paper I had in it; it contained all these notes, I went from there to the Bell Savage, Ludgate Hill, and at about half after eight o'clock I set off home. A person came up to me by the Charterhouse-wall , and said, Mr. Gray how do you do; I told him he had the advantage of me, he said, he knew me; he lived at Islington, and he knew my two sons who were at sea. At the top of Goswell-street I asked him if he would take a glass of porter with me.
Were you sober
I had drank a pint of wine and no more. We went into a house and had a pint of porter together, from the public house called the prisoners bars, we walked to the door of my house then I parted with him. After I had been in the house a few minutes I missed my pocket book, it was in my left hand inner pocket of my coat. On the next day my pocket book was brought to me by a woman, I was not at home; she said, she would deliver it to nobody but me, the next day the husband brought the pocket book to me, I went to Hatton-garden, and had a warrant for the prisoner; on Friday morning, I saw him at a public-house in Somer's-town, he then said, he did not know me nor my family.
Did you know this man before.
No; I could not swear to him.
Has any of the notes been found.
No; I found the bills and memorandums in the pocket book, all right, except the notes.
I am a plaisterer. On Wednesday week, the prisoner gave me a pocket book, which he said, he found between Goswell-street, and the City-road; I searched the book, I found there were bills in it to a great amount; he said, when he found it there were two one pound notes in it, there were no notes in it when he gave it me; I took the book to Mr. Gray.
I am a plaisterer . I employ these two men; Abbott observed to me, that William had found a pocket book; I asked him if there was any money in it; he said, no, I immediately called William; he he said, master, I have found a pocket book in Old-street Road. I asked him if there was any money in it; he said, no, I asked him, if there was any paper like money, he said, yes. I never heard a word mentioned about bank notes.
When I brought the pocket-book to him, I shewed it him. I told him, when I picked it up it was open.
