I am a grocer . I live in Ludgate-hill . The prisoner was my shopman . On Saturday, the 6th of January, suspecting that I was robbed, I took a note to my neighbour, John Bollard , and requested that he would cause that note to be laid out at my shop at about a quarter past eleven o'clock that night. About eleven o'clock I took all the notes out of the till, and went up stairs, as is generally my custom. About twelve o'clock, after the shop was shut up, I went down to examine the till; that note was not to be found in the till that I had given to Mr. Bollard. The next morning I said to my young men, that I entertained a suspicion that I was robbed: I had caused a one pound note to be laid out on the evening before, which was not in the till. They all denied any knowledge of it. I told them the note was marked, I had sent it after eleven o'clock, and it would be found on some of them. I sent for an officer. On his proceeding to search, the prisoner stepped forward and said, unfortunately he was the person who had taken the note; and he produced it at the same time. He said, he had took it to make up a payment of a bill of about forty shillings that he owed his washerwoman. He begged hard for forgiveness.
You have got the note.
Yes; I received this note on a Saturday afternoon of Mr. Sparrow, he requested that I would cause the greatest part of it to be laid out in his shop; I caused it to be laid out that evening. I gave the note to my daughter, and told her to go over to Mr. Sparrows: on the next morning, when I went to Mr. Sparrows, the prisoner produced the note; I took it of him, and saw it was the same which Mr. Sparrow brought to me.
On Saturday night, about a quarter past eleven o'clock, my father gave me a one pound note, and desired me to fetch a pound of eleven shilling hyson tea, and two pound of twelvepenny loaf sugar, at Mr. Sparrows, which I did; I paid the one pound note to the prisoner, I gave to the prisoner the same note that my father gave me. The prisoner put the note in the till, and gave me seven shillings change.
That young person said, I put the note in the till, which I deny; and after I had given her the change, I wrote the direction on the note, which she gave me, and put the note in my pocket, there being another man serving at the till; I intended to put it in the till, when an opportunity offered, it slipped my memory.
