Have you any partners
Yes, William James Thompson ; we are tea brokers .
Did you purchase any chest of tea at the East India Company's sale
I purchased the chest 7m100 at the desire of John Hepwell , for Thomas Norris , at Ramsgate.
Had you a clerk in your employ of the name of Murray
Yes.
Did you, on the 5th of October last, direct him to carry a request note for a permit at the East India Company's warehouse
I did; it is the usual method to deliver a request note for a permit.
Was Mr. Murray examined before the magistrate
He was: he has since died.
Did you attend the examination of the prisoner before the Lord Mayor
I did, on the 11th of October.
Was that which the witnesses said taken down in writing by the Lord Mayor's clerk
It was.
Did you see the examination of Mr. Murray signed
I did: he was examined upon oath.
When did Mr. Murray die
I do not know the day; I was present at his funeral last Sunday week.
Do you mean to tell me that Mr. Murray, from the time of his illness up to his decease, was not able to attend here
I certainly do not think he was. I brought him up here. He fainted away when he came here.
My question is, whether you had any medical man to ascertain the fact, that he was not able to give parol evidence against the prisoner at the bar.
He was under the care of his parents; I have not a medical man here that could tell, he was brought in a coach, over the way, he was there about half an hour. I have no medical man here in court, to say, that he was not able to attend and give evidence against the prisoner.
You had never yourselves the actual possession of the tea.
We had in our possession, the East-India Company's warrant, by which the tea would be granted.
Were you sent by Mr. Murray to the East-India Company's warehouse, for this chest 7m100.
I was in the yard in Fenchurch-street, when Mr. Murray was there; I went to the box to look for the request paper, it was gone: I went to the Permit office, and found the permit gone.
What are you.
I am a labourer, in the employ of the East-India Company.
Do you know the prisoner.
I do, by sight. On Thursday the 5th of August, I saw him come in the yard, and go to the exsise-box, he took out a handful of request papers and he selected one of them, the chest was kept in the yard; he went to look for a chest of that number, to match the request note. I went up to him, and said, what do you want, if you want any thing, why do not you speak. My place was to see that every one had his own; I took the paper out of his hand, and looked about to see for the chest; I pointed out, and said, that is the chest that you want.
Is that the paper that you took of his hand
It is the paper, the number was 7m100. I returned him the paper after I found the chest for him to go to the Permit office, to get a permit.
Did you ask him whose porter he was.
No; he went to the Permit office, he brought the permit into the yard, he was going to take the chest up; I said, my friend, I have not done with you yet: I took the permit out of his hand, and said, whose porter are you, I understood Mr. Roton's; I entered it in my book Roton, I asked him again, did you say you are Roton's porter, no; he said, Noton. I run my pen through Roton, and interlined it Noton.
Then you have no doubt as to his person.
None in the least, that entary was done in his presence; he then took away the chest.
You are sure the prisoner was the man that came to you.
I am.
Did he bring you a paper blue or black.
The request note was printed in red ink, and wrote in black.
Then the person who carries it to you, if the note is not a forgery, is the person who has a right to take the tea.
Of course.
There is no pretence to say this note is a forgery.
Not in the least, when he produced that note, I had no right to ask any questions, if you had brought it, I should have delivered it to you, for Noton.
Is that request note filled up with the hand writing of Mr. Murray.
It is.
I believe you are King's locker in the yard.
I am.
Were you by, when the prisoner came for this chest of tea.
The request note was delivered to me to call it over, I cannot say who delivered it to me:
On the 5th of October last, were you one of the gatekeepers to this warehouse of the East India Company.
Yes.
Do you remember seeing the prisoner there.
Yes; he came in the yard, I was at the gate, near Fenchurch-street, by the box; he came up to me going out of the gate, he had a chest of tea, he stooped, and presented me the permit to look; I looked at the chest upon his knot, I thought it was 7m160; the first O had a small stroke came down, which I thought was a 6, I made him pitch it on a post; I looked at the chest again, and was not satisfied, I called Collins, he said, it was the right number; he said, the stroke was not intentionally cut with the hammer, for a mark, it passed for 7m100, I called Mr. White, the Excise officer; he was sufficiently satisfied to let it pass. I think the prisoner said, if it was not the right chest, he would take it back.
This is the East India Company's warehouse in Fenchurch-street .
Yes.
All the tea there is in the East India Company's keeping.
It is.
I have been in London about seven years, I have lived in as respectable houses as any in London, and never was at the bar of justice before in my life.
